Goslings begin communicating with their parents while still in the egg.
Goslings can swim and dive without being taught and can fly when they are two months old.
Goslings eat many insects as a supply of protein for rapid body growth.
Goslings know to follow the adult goose.
Goslings leave the nest within a day or two but remain flightless for ten weeks.
Goslings live with their parents until about a year, when they mate.
Goslings swim with their webbed feet.
All goslings have black or blue-gray bills and legs and become darker as juveniles and adults.
Gospel artists believe their music has the power to do more than simply entertain.
Gospel blues are a blend of sacred texts and blues tunes.
Gospel choirs are places of life and havens of grace.
Gospel light enters their hearts and changes their lives.
Gospel meetings are a thing of the past with many churches.
Gospel music is a free express.
Gospel music is a major part of black history.
Gospel music is a ministry.
Gospel music is a part of that history.
Gospel music is another very popular style of singing.
Gospel music is inspirational music.
Gospel music is music.
Gospel music is one of the most vibrant and complex music forms in the world.
Gospel music is part of bluegrass.
Gospel music is performed in concert halls and on outdoor stages as well as in churches.
Gospel music is probably the strongest traditional form of music among both blacks and whites.
Gospel music is the country's fastest growing musical genre.
Gospel music is written in close harmony with the melody line.
Gospel music means good news.
Gospel outreach supports workers in the mysterious country of Egypt.
Gospel principles teach honesty, faithfulness, peace, patience and service to others.
Gospel singers celebrate in downtown Jackson.
A gospel singing is folk music
Gospel singing is freedom.
Gospel writers want facts.
A gospel is truth
Gospel does that.
Gospel has drums, and organs playing, and bass guitars, and it's very rhythmic.
Gospel helps churches improve eating habits.
Gospel is so high, releasing, rejuvenating.
Gospel is the first Moscow printed book.
Gospel is the plan given to mankind to be rescued.
Gospel is the route to all our music.
Gospel is the truth, it's life.
Gospel is the way of faith.
Gospel isa doctrine.
Gospel literally means good news.
Gospel means good news.
Gospel means literally good news.
Gospel meets a sinner and brings reclamation and a transformation.
Gospel ought to be experienced.
Gospel reaches all nations, now the waiting begins.
Gospel sing with local talent and refreshments to follow.
Gospel tracts with a message and information to reach people .
Gospel tracts with a message and information to reach people.
Gospels are doctrines.
Gospels are folk music.
Gospels are part of new testaments.
Gospels are scripture.
Gospels are truth.
Every gospel has a final charge to the church.
Some gospel touches.
Some gospels have applications.
Some gospels have tendencies.
Gossamer clouds are easy to see inside the portal.
A gossamer is a veiling
Gossamer is perfect for hiding tent supports, corner posts and steel frames.
A gossip columnist is a newspaper columnist
Gossip columnists are folk heroes even if they are consistently wrong and vicious in their reports.
Gossip destroys families, throws workplaces into turmoil, divides Churches and on it goes.
Gossip is a conversation
Gossip is capable of trade secrets.
Gossip is communicators.
Gossip is part of problems.
Gossip is reports.
Gossip is software.
Gossip isa conversation.
Gossip runs rampant.
Gossip spreads like fire across a dry forest.
Gossip stirs up quarrels and make the most of differences.
Gossip travels faster over a sour grapevine.
Gossips are almost invariably fat and of healthy appearance.
Gossips are frogs, they drink and talk.
Gossips derive a sense of power and satisfaction from being the source of information.
Gossips say the trays contained frozen TV dinners.
Much gossip is evident on the virtual currencies in circulation on the Internet.
Much gossip is true.
Gossiping is communicating.
Gossiping is conversations.
Gotham soils contain more sand in the control section.
Gothic architecture features sharp lines and precise angles.
Gothic architecture is absolutely beautiful.
Gothic architecture is light, spacious, and graceful.
Gothic architecture is noted for a. rounded arches.
Gothic architecture provides a good example of the use of ornament.
Gothic cathedrals are one of mankind's greatest engineering achievements.
Gothic culture is very much like a stained glass window.
Gothic dance is something that can only truly be experienced first hand.
Gothic detail is timeless.
Gothic fetish turns the individual into art.
Gothic fiction arises so quickly and suddenly from nowhere.
Gothic fiction continues that tradition in a literary form.
Much Gothic fiction depends on a limited, old-fashioned repertory of characters.
Gothic gargoyles are ancient stone sculptures used as water spouts.
Gothic head follows iron column's path Over plains of revelation breeding human wrath.
Gothic horror is in.
Gothic love is erotic porn pics.
Gothic Mountain ca.
Gothic music uses such a variety of styles and has such a remarkable amount of variation in it.
Gothic novels are of that same nature.
Gothic paintings are well represented in private and public collections.
Gothic Rock abounds.
Gothic tales speak of a garlic clove or two a day possessing the power to keep vampires at bay.
Gothics are architectural style.
Gothics are fonts.
Gothics are insects.
Gothics are video games.
Gothics happen to be a group that have similar interests.
Gothics separate themselves into three groups.
Gothics usually dress in all black.
Gotu kola has an unusual affinity for the cerebral cortex of the brain.
Gotu kola helps alleviate fatigue, treat depression and relieve insomnia.
Gotu kola is a complementary rather than an alternative treatment to traditional therapy.
Gotu kola is a creeping marsh plant widely used in India and East Asia.
Gotu kola is a small, ground-hugging plant grown in India, Pakistan, Madagascar and South Africa.
Gotu kola is also popular for increasing brain function, helping improve concentration and memory.
Gotu kola is an excellent treatment for nervous breakdown.
Gotu kola is another herb recommended by some herbalists for chronic venous insufficiency.
Gotu kola is considered a brain food by many herbalists.
Gotu kola is considered a 'brain food'.
Gotu kola is famous for the nervous system, particularly the brain.
Gotu kola is higher in the B-complex vitamin group than any other plant previously examined.
Gotu kola is useful as a brain food to rebuild energy reserves and stamina.
Gotu kola nourishes the nervous system, especially the brain.
Gotu kola tastes bitter.
Gotu kola thrives in and around water, but has also been found growing in drier environments.
A gouache is a watercolor
Gouache is a good all-around paint ideal for artists, designers and students.
Gouache is a special type of paste that artists use to glaze their work.
Gouache is a watercolor medium.
Gouache is an opaque watercolor mixed with a gum that produces an oil-like glaze.
Gouache is an opaque watercolor paint that works well for quick, fast-drying studies.
Gouache is an opaque watercolor paint.
Gouache is meant to be used more thickly than traditional watercolors.
Gouache looks darker when wet.
Gouache mixed with acrylic matte medium makes a non-bleeding , flexible color.
Gouaches are watercolors.
Gouge furrows are commonly sinuous or arcuate to the point of doubling back on themselves.
A gouge is a defect
Gouges can be quite complex to sharpen.
Gouldian Finches are apprehensive birds generally evading populated areas.
Gouldian finches are colorful and energetic birds commonly kept as pets.
Gouldian Finches are extremely social birds.
Gouldian finches are native to the Australian topics.
Gouldian finches come from the north of Australia, the warmest part of the country.
Gouldian finchs are birds.
Goulet blood runs thick.
Gourd fruit hangs underneath the vines.
Gourd people are always glad to help.
A gourd is a bottle
Gourds also have many genetic variations.
Gourds also make great silly stuff.
Gourds also symbolize longevity and the ability to ward off evil spirits.
Gourds also tend to be less vulnerable to winged predators such as hawks and crows.
Gourds are a historic as well as natural and pleasing form of housing.
Gourds are all good.
Gourds are also a pleasant addition to a stir-fry or soup.
Gourds are among the earliest known cultivated plants on the African continent.
Gourds are bands.
Gourds are bottles.
Gourds are completely dry when the seeds rattle around inside.
Gourds are cousins of squash.
Gourds are dry when the seeds rattle when they are shaken.
Gourds are dry when they are brown and lightweight.
Gourds are fruit.
Gourds are hard-shelled members of the squash and pumpkin families.
Gourds are heavy feeders and require fertile soil.
Gourds are in the same family as squashes .
Gourds are in the same family as squashes.
Gourds are inedible fruits closely related to squashes, pumpkins, cucumbers and melon.
Gourds are natural resonators, already formed, waiting to be strung, blown or struck.
Gourds are new again and are very popular now in the martin interest.
Gourds are other hollow vegetables and fruits are also prime candidates for early drums.
Gourds are probably the only martin housing that has been around longer.
Gourds are the vine grown pottery and the colorful harvest time decorations.
Gourds are vines.
Gourds are wonderful to paint.
Gourds belong to the same family as squash, cucumbers, melons, and pumpkins.
Gourds benefit from being cured after they have been picked.
Gourds can be as much fun to give as gifts as they are to make.
Gourds can be doll heads.
Gourds can take two months to six months to dry depending on how big they are.
Gourds come in different shapes and sizes.
Gourds come in so many interesting shapes and sizes and last quite awhile.
Gourds contain offerings for spirits.
Gourds date back hundreds of years.
Gourds feel hollow when mature.
Gourds generally require about the same fertility as cucumbers and watermelons.
Gourds grow in various colors, shapes and textures.
Gourds grow like pumpkins but are smooth skinned.
Gourds grow on vines and harden over winter to a hard, wood-like texture.
Gourds grow quickly, producing large foliage.
Gourds grown in our garden are with the artist and working lady in mind.
Gourds have a thick skin and a soft inside with lots of seeds.
Gourds have a wide variety of uses.
Gourds make an excellent home for cavity dwelling birds and are easy to make.
Gourds make great garden projects for kids.
Gourds make splendid wren houses.
Gourds make wonderful bird houses.
Gourds produce separate male and female flowers.
Gourds take exceptionally well to wood burning and leather dyes.
Gourds take one week to dry after pulp is scooped out.
Many gourds get their common names from their shapes.
Most gourds are much too bitter to eat.
Most gourds require a long growing period.
Some gourds are quite small and of different shapes and uses. .
Gourdin soils have slow permeability.
A gourmand is a feeder
Gourmands are lucky.
Gourmands like to skin their cats differently.
Some gourmands say they're tasty, whether baked or barbecued.
Gourmet chefs take note.
Gourmet chefs use souybean oil in cooking recipes as well as a salad dressing ingredient.
Gourmet chefs use the liquor in fine cooking.
Many gourmet chefs use shallots for sauces, stews, gravies, and roasts.
Gourmet foods make great personal and corporate gifts.
A gourmet is a sensualist
Gourmet chocolates and crisp sheets await guests.
Gourmet chocolates, cookies, pretzels, mustard, beef, crackers, and much more.
Gourmet chocolates, pastries, espressos and delicacies both local and imported.
Gourmet coffees a steal.
Gourmet is Omaha Steak.
Gourmet popcorn on the cob, a great hostess gift to have on hand.
Gourmet sandwiches on fresh baked bread.
Gourmets agree that the bouillabaisse is very authentic here.
Gourmets are hobbyists.
Gourmets regard it as a most prized variety of game.
Gourmets too have a hell of a time here.
Many gourmets prefer the blue crab's sweet meat over all other locally-caught seafood.
Some gourmets recommend it be served with lukewarm oysters accompanied with a slice of lemon peel.
Gout sufferer dances a jig without pain.
Gouty arthritis is arthritis
Gouty arthritis occurs most commonly in men after the fourth decade of life.
Gouvernement government gr.
Govenment scandals are reliable.
Govermental organizations have the .org suffix.
Governance affects the organization's performance, especially over the long term.
Governance affects their work environment.
Governance also implies an effective democracy and an efficient public administration.
Governance broadens that perspective.
Governance can enhance our university.
Governance can evolve similarly.
Governance can only get in trouble by interposing itself in the contractual process.
Governance can then endeavour to move the social system over the landscape.
Governance depends as well on full respect for human rights.
Governance determines and reflects the values to be served and observed by the organization.
Governance entails tough and often unpopular decisions.
Governance Establish the financial policies needed to ensure adequate reserves.
Governance gives shareholders confidence that managers are being supervised.
Governance gives the priority to administration of business instead of the national state.
Governance has no automatic normative connotation.
Governance has to be swift.
Governance Includes roles and responsibilities, structure, etc.
Governance includes the state, but transcends it by taking in the private sector and civil society.
Governance involves control, accountability, responsibility, and authority.
Governance is a body
Governance is a broader notion than government.
Governance is a category with a normative and a prescriptive dimension.
Governance is a concern for three reasons.
Governance is a function of structure and of how people act within that structure.
Governance is a huge issue right now.
Governance is a long term and multifaceted issue.
Governance is a product of trust and shared responsibility.
Governance is a question of priorities.
Governance is a shared process.
Governance is a system of checks and balances whereby a board is established to manage the managers.
Governance is a tool a means to an end, an evolving process.
Governance is about a broad church that welcomes all opinions and accommodates all dissents.
Governance is accomplished both by the architecture of the Internet and the laws that apply to it.
Governance is also a major problem area for many schools in Minnesota and Massachusetts.
Governance is also a major problem area formany schools in Minnesota and Massachusetts.
Governance is an important part of community engagement.
Governance is an iterative, reflective process.
Governance is another issue.
Governance is based on a system of elections that are free, equal, general and periodic.
Governance is best limited to one person or a select group of individuals.
Governance is by a board of directors.
Governance is different from politics .
Governance is different from politics.
Governance is direction, control, and exercise of authority.
Governance is entrusted to a board of directors elected annually.
Governance is governance.
Governance is less a matter of engineering than of gardening.
Governance is more than just board processes and procedures.
Governance is responsible to one level up.
Governance is sacred responsibility.
Governance is the board's proper role.
Governance is the change brought about by the populations reactions.
Governance is the exercise of political power to manage a nation's affairs.
Governance is the key to an open, transparent and equitable society.
Governance is the process of effective coordination when power and knowledge are distributed.
Governance is the responsibility of institutional boards on each campus or of multi-campus boards.
Governance is the responsibility of the village council.
Governance is the resultant or effect of an interaction between official and unofficial actors.
Governance is the uppermost concern.
Governance is therefore another key to the resolution of the current crisis.
Governance is to a large extent also perception and appearance.
Governance is tough.
Governance is, in Barber's Terms, a strong democracy.
Governance lacks transparency and accountability.
Governance means decisions that effect how the community works.
Governance models The task force report discusses several models of school district leadership.
Governance moves an institution beyond dependency on the visionary.
Governance needs to be defined by regional stakeholders and is likely to differ for each region.
Governance remains one of the biggest issues facing public schools today.
Governance rests with the university system's board of regents.
Governance sets the stage within which management occurs.
Governance still matters.
Governance suffers in consequence through lack of any conceptual continuity.
Governance therefore tends to be authoritarian, and economic and external policies are conservative.
All governance is gone, and life has returned to simpler times of the strong against the weak.
A governess is a teacher
Governesses are teachers.
Governesses come and go at a rapid pace because strange happenings occur on the Scottish isle.
Governesses look after children in addition to other household duties.
Most governesses are available on a live-in basis.
Government accountability needs to be considered as information systems are developed.
Government accountability needs to be strengthened.
Government accounting is an aid in laying that foundation.
Government administration is an important source of employment.
Government administration is governmental organizations.
Government administration reflects Soviet type structure.
Government administration reflects Soviet-type structures.
A government agency is an unit
Government agencies accept students on a definite time schedule.
Government agencies account for a large share of sales.
Government agencies adopt policy.
Government agencies are able to offer a better level of service to private citizens.
Government agencies are administrative units.
Government agencies are also an excellent source of information about many industries.
Government agencies are also enterprises.
Government agencies are also intimately involved in various cassowary conservation measures.
Government agencies are also trusted sources.
Government agencies are aware of the stakes.
Government agencies are down sizing and restructuring.
Government agencies are eligible for discounted rates.
Government agencies are exempt from billing.
Government agencies are exempt from charges.
Government agencies are exempt from copy charges.
Government agencies are exempt from paying registration fees.
Government agencies are exempt from payment for limited quantity orders.
Government agencies are exempt from the fee requirements.
Government agencies are explicitly . . .
Government agencies are in serious trouble, too.
Government agencies are like any collection of people.
Government agencies are limited in what they can do to protect the public.
Government agencies are more accustomed now to releasing information that way.
Government agencies are no different.
Government agencies are no exception.
Government agencies are no strangers to it.
Government agencies are prolific writers of reports.
Government agencies are receptive and requesting courses to train their management and field staff.
Government agencies are responsible for the management of all of their assets.
Government agencies are some of the leaders in knowledge management.
Government agencies are the best at maintaining job pages.
Government agencies are the largest buyers of products and services in the world.
Government agencies are the main producers of geographic data in Colombia.
Government agencies are there because they have been given appropriations to exist.
Government agencies are to provide necessary services for homeless or street children.
Government agencies are under constant pressure from auditors to maintain security standards.
Government agencies behave just like people.
Government agencies buy a wide variety of products, mostly to serve their customers.
Government agencies buy little from foreigners.
Government agencies can also help marketers locate financing for international marketing ventures.
Government agencies can also impose financial penalties when contractors fail to deliver.
Government agencies can be a particularly useful place to start for prospective entrepreneurs.
Government agencies can be an excellent source of inexpensive travel information.
Government agencies can buy private property for public use by using the power of eminent domain.
Government agencies can do more than impose fines.
Government agencies can easily adopt a whole of government approach to service delivery.
Government agencies can have a role in supporting enforcement.
Government agencies can lead by example in promoting enhanced environmental performance.
Government agencies can make life easier by offering real interactive service.
Government agencies can use the information as a planning tool.
Government agencies can use the program for employee training.
Government agencies collect and publish statistics on a variety of subjects.
Government agencies conduct research and disseminate information.
Government agencies continue to be major contractors for environmental services.
Government agencies continue using materials that are arguably obsolete.
Government agencies create records as required by law or to document official business transactions.
Government agencies do a lot of business with the private sector.
Government agencies do change or sometimes cease to exist.
Government agencies do have a legitimate argument for Internet surveillance.
Government agencies do the same thing to aid agencies but that's another story.
Government agencies donate their seminar rooms for forum meetings.
Government agencies eavesdrop on private communications.
Government agencies employ veterinarians as well.
Government agencies expect that.
Government agencies face decisions about the allocation of public resources.
Government agencies face doing more with less every year.
Government agencies favor the low range, while social-service organizations guess higher.
Government agencies find new ways to conceal conflicts of interest and misuse of power.
Government agencies funded by appropriations have no such problem.
Government agencies gain secure procurement of advanced search and knowledge management solutions.
Government agencies gain the same benefits from such diversity.
Government agencies get greater value for taxpayer's dollar.
Government agencies have a responsibility for the type of jobs they create.
Government agencies have a responsibility to administer public lands to meet a wide range of needs.
Government agencies have a variety of programs which are supposed to help the bald eagle.
Government agencies have another line of defense in their fight against network hackers.
Government agencies have authority.
Government agencies have difficulty substantiating reports of maltreatment.
Government agencies have limited control over selection of policy goals and target customers.
Government agencies have no business in healthcare.
Government agencies have overall responsibility.
Government agencies have proper authority.
Government agencies have responsibility.
Government agencies have to follow a different set of accounting rules.
Government agencies have to run just to keep from falling behind.
Government agencies hire paleontologists for geological mapping and other work.
Government agencies impose a series of minute and prescriptive regulations on industry.
Government agencies involved in development have two choices.
Government agencies issue licenses to trappers and limit harvests.
Government agencies make hundreds of census counts every year.
Government agencies monitor commercial fishing areas for pollution and other hazards.
Government agencies operate facilities.
Government agencies operate under a set of often conflicting laws, policies, and regulations.
Government agencies play a big role.
Government agencies possess significant empires that they seek to protect.
Government agencies produce a dizzying array of linked maps and data for many purposes.
Government agencies produce many publications on various aspects of housing.
Government agencies produce topographic, geologic, hydrographic maps and aeronautic charts.
Government agencies prohibit civil servants from accepting tips.
Government agencies provide a substantial number of forestry-related services.
Government agencies provide a wealth of information about published reports and new regulations.
Government agencies provide better and more cost-effective services to taxpayers.
Government agencies provide the largest number of jobs.
Government agencies provide the listings on a voluntary basis.
Government agencies provide various levels of tactical training.
Government agencies publish and distribute the majority of the collected materials.
Government agencies publish helpful materials for the public use at little or no cost.
Government agencies publish reports, statistics, hearings, maps, etc. on a wide variety of subjects.
Government agencies refer reporters to their website forthe latest copy of a report or study.
Government agencies regulate electric utilities to ensure that they serve the needs of the public.
Government agencies release findings only on questions that are politically acceptable.
Government agencies require a bachelor's degree with related work experience.
Government agencies require citizen participation in public design and planning efforts.
Government agencies requiring trade licenses provide company histories and basic sales data.
Government agencies run rough-shot over citizens.
Government agencies save staff time and other resources.
Government agencies say it is safe.
Government agencies say the number is half that.
Government agencies site most air quality monitors in urban areas.
Government agencies spend millions of dollars every year to clean up laboratory sites.
Government agencies sponsor the center along with private industry.
Government agencies support related information sources.
Government agencies take a close interest in our level of membership.
Government agencies tend to create additional hurdles.
Government agencies tend to expand in terms of mission, budget and authority.
Government agencies tend to prefer a more businesslike approach.
Government agencies terrorizing the public about the food supply for political gain is shameful.
Government agencies use different methods and classification systems to collect and report data.
Government agencies use differing criteria to determine eligibility for programs and services.
Government agencies use it to recommend calorie intakes.
Government agencies use rechargeable batteries in bar code readers and laptop computers.
Government agencies use the data for administration and planning.
Government agencies use Web sites to distribute regulations and data.
Government agencies use workplans to meet their goals as promised.
Government agency IS managers share their experiences and advice.
Government agency reports on their own activities.
Government agency seeks an experienced manager to serve as director of the periodical.
Government agency wants boy terminated with extreme prejudice.
All government agencies are concerned with delivering cost-effective programs.
All government agencies have personnel located here.
All government agencies list six types of asbestos as cancer-causing and thus regulated.
Every government agency has a seal that represents who they are and what they do.
Every government agency has plans to add extra security based on the circumstances.
Every government agency has the requirement to comply with environmental laws and regulations.
Every government agency has their own abbreviations that are meaningless to the general public.
Many government agencies advertise calls for tender on their own internet websites.
Many government agencies are in the process of converting paper editions to electronic format.
Many government agencies auction throughout the year on a regular basis.
Many government agencies cooperate to ensure the safety of shell eggs from farm to table.
Many government agencies fear a permanent loss of institutional knowledge.
Many government agencies get their work done through community groups.
Many government agencies have a policy of returning excess pages to the bidder unread.
Many government agencies have branch offices throughout the country and throughout the world.
Many government agencies have foreign exchange risk either as exporters, importers or borrowers.
Many government agencies have formal ways to complain.
Many government agencies have marketing budgets and develop their own ads.
Many government agencies have programs to assist new business owners to start up their operations.
Many government agencies have sweeping statutory powers to access such records.
Many government agencies have web sites.
Many government agencies have webpages listing their needs or typical purchases.
Many government agencies hire math majors for research and development jobs.
Many government agencies hold auctions and sales regularly throughout the year.
Many government agencies issue standards as regulations or separate publications.
Many government agencies offer voter registration applications.
Many government agencies outsource much of their work to contractors.
Many government agencies participate to educate child care consumers in Arizona .
Many government agencies perform studies and have an interest in software.
Many government agencies produce statistics concerning health care matters.
Many government agencies provide one-stop job shopping on the Internet.
Many government agencies provide their employees with access to Internet e-mail.
Many government agencies publish a good deal of their information on the Internet.
Many government agencies publish periodicals.
Many government agencies publish valuable information for business researchers and the public.
Many government agencies solicit bids through e-mail.
Many government agencies use the Internet to pay tax, water, and other utility bills.
Most government agencies adopt policy.
Most government agencies can furnish reports that describe their programs and missions.
Most government agencies collect reams of data on the industries they monitor.
Most government agencies employ economists.
Most government agencies have a published agenda, a purpose that is stated up front.
Most government agencies have authority.
Most government agencies have overall responsibility.
Most government agencies have proper authority.
Most government agencies have responsibility.
Most government agencies lose money.
Most government agencies operate facilities.
Most government agencies require candidates to pass a written and oral test.
Most government agencies run private businesses in order to raise funds.
Some government agencies choose to contract for funeral arrangements on a package basis.
Some government agencies contribute in-kind products and services.
Some government agencies find managing an online shopping site too toughto do alone.
Some government agencies have a lot of material and statistics.
Some government agencies have a point method which can be used with an aerial photograph.
Some government agencies have summer programs.
Some government agencies issue documents.
Some government agencies issue identification documents.
Some government agencies offer jobs.
Some government agencies provide staff neutrals, at no cost, for cases pending before the agency.
Some government agencies provide such services to consumers free of charge.
Some government agencies purchase equipment and run their own monitoring programmes.
Some government agencies require their contractors to carry a certain amount of liability coverage.
Some government agencies use the invoice to access customs duties.
A government agent is an agent
Government agent is sent to investigate the death of a physicist.
Government agents appear to be conducting an undeclared war against poor and homeless people.
Government agents are agents.
Government agents are the main cause of energy problems.
Government agents bulldoze the Oklahoma site believed to be a Phoenician furnace.
Government agents continue to harass human rights monitors.
Government agents look for an old Indian burial ground on a family farm.
Government agents protect our borders against cheaper imported sugar.
Government agents prowl privately owned property along the border without warrants or warnings.
Most government agents work for free.
Government aggregation can occur in various ways.
Government aid is dwarfed by the economic power of private trade and investment.
Government auction are great places to pickup good deals.
Government auctions are profitable for both the consumer and the government.
Government authorities are just as much at a loss in a catastrophe as individuals are.
Government authorities are just as much in the dark in a catastrophe as individuals are.
Government authorities are reluctant to tell industry what to do, even in a crisis.
Government authorities are sufficiently mature to welcome constructive analysis and criticism.
Government authorities insist the federal school meal program remains safe.
Government authorities reserve the right to examine branches accounts without prior notice.
Government authorities say they want to modernize a largely backward, agricultural society.
Government authorities see people only at certain hours.
Government authorities seem to under-estimate the real cost of major projects almost routinely.
Government bodies are non-profit.
Government bodies battle over leadership.
Government bodies fear it.
Government bodies have strict expectations before allowing a medication to be used.
A government bond is a bond
Government bonds are bonds.
Government bonds are essentially risk free as well as free of state and local taxes.
Government bonds mature.
Government bonds offer a high degree of safety.
Government bonds represent nothing more than claims against future taxes.
Government bonds serve to implement the most important transfer of savings in an economy.
Government borrowing adds to the national debt.
Government borrowing is an added demand to borrow.
Most government branches have legal counsel.
Government budgets continue to be strained.
A government building is a building
Government buildings are buildings.
Government buildings are closed and there is no mail delivery.
Government buildings are one thing, but bars are completely different.
Government buildings are prominent in the city.
Government buildings are the center of political fiefdoms.
Government buildings can be dreadful to look at if design is left to the bureaucrats.
Government buildings express the authority of the dictator.
Government buildings fly flags of the two nations.
Government buildings glisten in the sun.
Government buildings leave much to be desired.
Many government buildings offer fun and educational tours for young and old alike.
Many government buildings use a similar system already.
Government censorship influences our legal definitions and interpretations of the issue.
Government censorship is frighteningly close to becoming reality.
Government censorship is one.
Government censorship is unnecessary, expensive, and restricts the free speech of adults.
Government censorship takes many forms.
Government censorship violates the First Amendment.
Government coalitions are large, perhaps too large, and their line-up politically unconventional.
Government contracts are a big business in the United States.
Government contracts are a great source of income for a consultant.
Government contracts are different from contracts formed between private parties.
Government contracts are for virtually all types of businesses providing goods and services.
Government contracts are good.
Government contracts are quite often essential to the development of SMEs.
Government contracts can provide opportunities for tax planning at both the federal and state level.
Government Contracts Welcome to blt atlanta .
Most government contracts contain termination clauses.
Government contracting can capitalize on excess capacity.
Government contracting is an area of arcane and esoteric rules and regulations.
Government contractors are workers.
Government contractors do.
Government contractors face special challenges related to distributing actual indirect costs.
Government contractors use gas plant residues to fill the marshland where complex is built.
Government corporations focus on maximizing profits and achieving a favorable return on investment.
Government corporations provide a service that can be readily handled by the private sector.
Government corruption angers no one unless it affects their paychecks in a very easily seen fashion.
Government corruption goes uncontested.
Government corruption is a result of corporate power over government.
Government corruption is another problem which interferes with drug distribution.
Government corruption is one of the strongest arguments used to undermine our current system.
Government corruption is rampant.
Government corruption leaves virtually no funds for education and healthcare.
Government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
Government cuts are one obvious culprit.
Government databases are large, sometimes even immense.
Many government databases are available on the Internet.
Government debt is another source of worry.
Government deficits are an economic fact of life.
Government deficits are bad since they always result in inflation.
Government deficits stimulate private investment.
A government department is a department
Government departments are a source of technical expertise.
Government departments are close to being completely shut down.
Government departments are departments.
Government departments are governmental organizations.
Government departments are indeed good examples of bureaucracy, but so are large corporations.
Government departments can also streamline their functions and raise the salary of public servants.
Government departments cite support of industry as a major research goal.
Government departments have a city mentality.
Government departments have legal responsibility.
Government departments have responsibility.
Government departments show the same phenomenon.
Government departments use virtual reality desks for battlefield visualization and mission planning.
Government departments work on a five-day schedule.
All government departments have political masters, i.e. Ministers.
All government departments have to come up with a plan for sustainable development.
Every government department has a Web site on the Internet.
Many government departments have online reading rooms featuring popular declassified documents.
Many government departments recruit online.
Most government departments have legal responsibility.
Most government departments have responsibility.
Some government departments publish and distribute their own documents.
Some government departments take charge of it, but experts are also hired.
Government employees appear no better than private researchers.
Government employees are given full pay and release time to encourage personal growth.
Government employees go unpaid.
Government employees have full accountability for e-mail they send.
Government employees have good intentions.
Government employees have no minimum wage.
Government employees know how government can be run and organized better.
Government employees learn to work in sync.
Government employees sacrifice wages for a high degree of security.
Government employees say the citizens are too demanding.
Government employees see former colleagues rehired on lower wages and benefits as subcontractors.
Government employees suffer from a lack of leadership from the people.
Government employees take more out of welfare than the poor.
Government employees using government equipment waive their privacy rights.
Every government employee plays a vital role with regard to release of information to the public.
Many government employees have another view.
Most government employees are honest, sincere and hard working.
Some government employees are afraid of the concequences of failure to deliver on a project.
Some government employees are rude or incompetent or both.
Some government employees monitor tests.
Some government employees treat government-held information like a treasure trove.
Many government executives have teen-age children.
Government expenditure needs to be pruned.
Government expenditures are the government purchases of goods and services.
Every government expenditure ought to have a cost-benefit.
Government failure yields inefficiency and unfairness.
Government finances are in great shape.
Government finances are strong, and budgets are normally in surplus.
Government forces control a large part of it.
Government forces fuel the cycle with ferocious raids on suspected guerrilla hideouts.
Government forces have for a long time perpetrated acts of aggression.
Government forces quell the disturbances and an uneasy ceasefire is reached in the area.
Government forces raid their settlements frequently, and poison any wells they find.
Government forces withdraw north.
Government forms are available only on our subscriber pages.
Government forms are often complex.
Government forms become outdated and are replaced.
Many government forms are very complicated.
Some government forms are available online.
Government functionaries perform at a snail's pace. .
Government funding comes from taxpayers.
Government funding comes up and goes down, like waves, cycles.
Government funding covers many needs of people with developmental disabilities.
Government funding fails to make up the difference.
Government funding follows the child.
Government funding has a place for any research efforts needed.
Government funding has both pluses and minuses.
Government funding has strings attached.
Government funding is also available.
Government funding is available to qualified low-income and indigent people.
Government funding is completely voluntary.
Government funding is crucial everywhere.
Government funding is distributed to schools for use in a matching system.
Government funding is down.
Government funding is insufficient to provide the essential elements of teaching and learning.
Government funding is matched by funds from industry.
Government funding is nearly half of what traditional community colleges receive.
Government funding is of major importance to the development of better machines.
Government funding is on a dollar for dollar basis with employer contributions.
Government funding is solicited for sponsoring fundamental and large scale metrology projects.
Government funding is withdrawn from Albanian-language schools.
Government funding is woefully inadequate.
Government funding means government interference, as private schools and colleges know.
Government funding remains the operative principle of health care finance in our neighborhood.
Government funding tends to be long term and in the areas of pure research.
Government funding varies from year to year affecting the amount available to students.
Any government funding is limited and targeted for specific needs.
Government grants are a way of life.
Government grants are almost better than giant lawsuits.
Government grants are great, but they take time.
Government grants are often highly specific in their requests and requirements.
Government grants are rare and only available for limited, specific enterprises.
Government grants are still important, but the totals are no longer growing.
Government grants are very important, but many private foundations are making grant awards also.
Government grants enable composers to concentrate on their creative work.
Government grants help pay advertising costs.
Government grants provide millions of dollars of funding, but many require cities to match it.
Government guarantees make deposits the safest investment.
Government handouts create dependency and perpetuates the viciousness of poverty.
Government handouts insinuate political power into the deepest recesses of a person's life.
Government hospitals provide free or minimal charge emergency treatment.
Government housing is available on the Georgetown District compound.
Government housing is available within minutes - in some cases within walking distance of the unit.
Government housing is based upon availability and local housing guidelines.
Government housing is contingent upon availability.
Government immunity limits what accident victims can sue for.
Government incentives apply to both foreign and domestic firms alike.
Government incentives apply to foreign and domestic firms.
Government incentives are probably on the way.
Government informants are a regular part of church meetings in Cuba.
Government information can be difficult to identify and locate.
Government information comes in many formats.
Government information comes in many sizes, shapes and formats.
Government information covers an extremely wide range of topics.
Government information dealing with small business is available on the web.
Government information includes laws, regulations, statistics, consumer information, and much more.
Government information includes laws, regulations,statistics.
Government information is a valuable commodity and a national resource.
Government information is a valuable national resource.
Government information is also very inexpensive.
Government information is available in electronic, paper, and microfiche formats.
Government information is available on the Internet too.
Government information is considered to be a primary source.
Government information is different.
Government information is free on the web.
Government information is increasingly available electronically on CD-ROM and the Internet.
Government information is known as public records.
Government information is one of the largest types of data available on the Internet.
Government information is some of the most useful material on the Web.
Government information is the currency of democracy.
Government information is very often accessible via the Web.
Government information is widely and easily available.
Government information released in a physical format is known as government documents.
All government information is presumed to be available to the public.
Much government information is now available electronically.
Much government information is now available on the Web.
Much government information is online.
Some government information is available online.
Government inspectors make periodic unannounced visits to animal facilities.
Government inspectors ought to be crawling over every reactor on a regular basis.
Government inspectors visit the plantation and take a large sample from the sacks.
Government institutions include departments.
Government institutions include transportation departments.
Government institutions maintain a current list of polls and surveys.
Government institutions remain ineffective and plagued by charges of corruption.
Some government institutions employ electrical engineers.
Government insurance does, private industry insurance treats it as a medical issue.
Government interference can only harm such free activity.
Government interference is a direct consequence of someone achieving a monopoly position.
Government interference is low and creativity is fostered in a society of pluralism.
Government intervention can help but offers only a partial solution.
Government intervention can lead to inefficiency.
Government intervention can only have short-term implications.
Government intervention can only impede the beneficial effects of market competition.
Government intervention causes harm to consumers.
Government intervention does that.
Government intervention involves both benefits and costs.
Government intervention is a last resort.
Government intervention is a part of that process.
Government intervention is a tricky, delicate affair, almost universally frowned upon by business.
Government intervention is almost always a bad solution.
Government intervention is called for wherever market activities impact environmental quality.
Government intervention is inevitable.
Government intervention is likely to follow.
Government intervention is minimal.
Government intervention is more along the lines of a bull in a china shop.
Government intervention is necessary, primarily fiscal policy.
Government intervention is no substitute for parental accountability.
Government intervention is probable but most certainly onerous.
Government intervention is usually necessary to make monopolies possible.
Government intervention subsidizes businesses that are mediocre, obsolescent, and inept.
Government interventions generate disasters that are cunningly used to justify new ones.
Some government intervention is needed in areas of public utility.
Government investment is a bad idea.
Government investment is needed to ensure that an adequate grid exists.
Government investment represents a dangerous expansion of government power.
Government investments are always uneconomic.
A government issue is a store
Government issues affect ALL riders.
Government issues are well represented.
Government job is as precious as gold.
Government jobs are different the tech has more power.
Government jobs are permanent.
Government jobs are positions which are on a government payroll.
Government jobs exist at the federal, state and local levels.
Government jobs exist for individuals both in the United States and abroad.
Government jobs offer no opportunity for the display of personal talents and gifts.
Government jobs tend to follow a specific process and are very formalized.
Some government jobs require a civil service exam.
Government laws seem to reach further and further into our bodies.
Many government laws forbid non-disclosure.
Government leaders are another source of opposition to the Second Amendment.
Government leaders are enthusiastic about the class.
Government leaders are leaders.
Government leaders are likely to make every attempt to manipulate public opinion.
Government leaders are people.
Government leaders are workers.
Government leaders can publicly encourage such involvement.
Government leaders care what media stars say about tolerance.
Government leaders have broad protection under the libel laws.
Government leaders like mention the creation of new jobs.
Government leaders run their economies and are responsible for inflation, money supply and jobs.
Government leaders scramble to close it.
Government leaders suggest turning what remains into a memorial park.
Government loans allow a higher debt ratio than conventional loans.
Government loans are also available to domestic students.
Government loans send countless students to religious colleges.
Most government loans are in the form of guaranteed loans through local banks.
Most government loans are in the form of guarantees through local banks.
A government minister is an executive
Government ministers acknowledge the picture is bleak.
Government ministers are administrators.
Government ministers are managers.
Government ministers are public officials.
Government ministers are reluctant to make governor training compulsary.
Government ministers can qualify for full pensions after only three years of service.
Government ministers present their resignation en bloc.
Government ministers say savings can be for everyone.
Government ministries publish all material intended for the public in Hebrew.
Most government ministries are responsible for one or more functions.
Government monopolies are generally wasteful and inefficient.
A government office is an office
Government offices are also within easy access.
Government offices are closed and employees get paid leave.
Government offices are closed, while banks and businesses are mostly open.
Government offices are closed.
Government offices are devoid of work etc.
Government offices are offices.
Government offices are open in the mornings only.
Government offices are, supposedly, public.
Government offices change addresses and phone numbers with amazing frequency.
Government offices distribute welfare aid, rent supplements, and food stamps.
Government offices have calculators.
Government offices keep similar hours.
Government offices use legal assistants as do private companies.
All government offices are closed.
Most government offices have a hodge-podge of platforms.
Most government offices have a myriad of different menus that offshoot from the main menu.
Most government offices have regional offices for the provinces .
Most government offices have regional offices for the provinces.
Most government offices have tons of shredded documents, which can be used.
Most government offices lie within a few blocks of the parade route.
All government officers serve one year terms.
Government official asks the question again.
Government officials admit that torture occurs but deny that it is systematic.
Government officials admit that torture occurs.
Government officials admit they're scrambling to find solutions.
Government officials are administration.
Government officials are also likely to look at a company's economic development.
Government officials are anxious to make programs both more accessible and less threatening.
Government officials are at least partly to blame.
Government officials are at odds about how to fix it all.
Government officials are cooperative and responsive to their views.
Government officials are frank about the problem.
Government officials are generally cooperative and responsive to their views.
Government officials are greatly concerned about Korean chaebols buying out new start-up companies.
Government officials are happy to decry popular, trash culture.
Government officials are keenly aware of the situation.
Government officials are lax about enforcing anti-evangelism laws.
Government officials are often skeptical or suspicious of voluntary agencies.
Government officials are often willing to confiscate infant chimpanzees offered for sale.
Government officials are rather optimistic about the legalization of capital.
Government officials are the storehouse of corruption and wrong selections.
Government officials are to be forbidden from accepting gifts linked to their jobs.
Government officials are usually cooperative.
Government officials are very cooperative and responsive to their views.
Government officials are worried, too.
Government officials argue that low consumer confidence is partly responsible for low growth.
Government officials ask new believers to sign a statement renouncing their conversion.
Government officials await further studies.
Government officials benefit by exorbitant taxes on liquor and tobacco.
Government officials blame doting tourists for teaching the monkeys to accept handouts.
Government officials bow under the pressure.
Government officials call for new powers to combat such attacks.
Government officials can claim they can overcome the problem by recapitalising the banks.
Government officials can deal with an increasingly complex international political situation.
Government officials can develop a siege mentality, and the public can wind up feeling powerless.
Government officials can learn on the job.
Government officials can look over paperwork to no end, and it's just the same boring routine.
Government officials can monitor and plan enlightened land use policies.
Government officials can privatize services.
Government officials can save lives by implementing better codes and policies.
Government officials can save money while watching vendors fall all over themselves.
Government officials censor the curriculum and now they want to censor the student body.
Government officials cite such reasons as privacy and sleeping accommodations on submarines.
Government officials claim that the bans are necessary to reduce violence.
Government officials claim that villages are unrecognised because they are too small.
Government officials concede the new system is more about equity than safety.
Government officials consider the present economic slowdown as an 'unavoidable correction'.
Government officials control both forces.
Government officials cooperate with and respond to the views of human rights groups.
Government officials deny that anything unusual is taking place.
Government officials deny the charge.
Government officials determine which religious beliefs are heretical, and thus illegal.
Government officials dispute the last claim.
Government officials express concern for patient protection and access to health care.
Government officials gush about the potential of the PC bang.
Government officials have a grave responsibility and deserve our understanding.
Government officials have a lot of power in China.
Government officials have a precedent for involving itself in high technology disputes.
Government officials have an obligation to act in law with clean hands at all times.
Government officials have no business interfering in the private religious lives of students.
Government officials have no similar personal stake in the outcome of litigation.
Government officials have no similar, personal stake in the outcome of litigation.
Government officials have yet to explain why they chose to disband the environment committee.
Government officials hope to some day buy out the homeowners so they can move to higher ground.
Government officials hope to transform the base into a business and technology park.
Government officials insist that current aid policy toward Peru is unlikely to change.
Government officials insist that the pyrotechnics had nothing to do with the start of the fire.
Government officials know the invisible people are out there, but see no reason to do anything.
Government officials lie to the public.
Government officials maintain that efforts are being made to address the problems.
Government officials maintain that members of the sect set the fire.
Government officials maintain that none of their actions are illegal.
Government officials meet in Geneva to negotiate an agreement on hazardous chemicals.
Government officials monitor aid organizations closely.
Government officials performing prosecutorial acts also are absolutely immune from suit.
Government officials plan to assess damages through the day.
Government officials protect traffickers who are politically influential.
Government officials recognize some of the obstacles to technological development.
Government officials recognize the value of organized interests working for their policy goals.
Government officials report that requests for assistance, have been received from several aimags.
Government officials say catching the thieves is difficult.
Government officials say it is difficult to determine the overall death-toll.
Government officials say it is safest to store centrally under federal control.
Government officials say more executions are scheduled to follow.
Government officials say privatization can save taxpayers money.
Government officials say rubber trees merely protect coca crops from fumigation.
Government officials say such tactics are aimed at the eventual establishment of a Kurdish state.
Government officials say that is impractical on such short notice.
Government officials say that life expectancy has been rising steadily.
Government officials say the blunt messages are necessary to help improve public health.
Government officials say the corn is unlikely to be a health risk.
Government officials say the food situation has been so bad that most children are poorly developed.
Government officials say the main reason for such crimes in the state is low literacy.
Government officials say the military has been put on full alert throughout the country.
Government officials say the truth probably lies somewhere in between.
Government officials say there is little, if any, health risk for the corn.
Government officials say there is nothing to cover up about UFOs.
Government officials say they are deeply worried about the prospect of bushfires.
Government officials say they are looking into Alaska union business affairs.
Government officials say they are now better prepared for such a devastating disaster.
Government officials say they're closely scrutinizing each new facility.
Government officials say torture in Turkey is neither widespread nor systematic.
Government officials seem barely aware of what's going on.
Government officials show interest.
Government officials steer clear of trying to regulate it.
Government officials take note.
Government officials theorize the disease spread because of infected meat and bone meal.
Government officials use it heavily.
Government officials view letters with importance.
Government officials wonder why sales are down.
Many government officials are corrupt and taxes are far too high for businesses to return to Bosnia.
Many government officials claim that tourists cover a heavy chunk of Nevada's sales tax bill.
Many government officials seem to agree.
Most government officials are Christian.
Most government officials are yesterday's communists and bureaucrats.
Most government officials show interest.
Some government officials acknowledge problems.
Some government officials confirm death.
Some government officials lament seeing foreign-made goods sold on the streets.
Some government officials offer a different explanation.
Some government officials report presence.
Some government officials say it's time to change.
Some government officials sound more certain of a worsening economy.
Some government officials speculate on a referendum as early as spring.
Some government officials throw up their hands in defeat.
Government operations maintain a high profile in the downtown.
Government operations remain highly dependent on external support.
All government operations are fallable.
Government organisations remain influenced by the political party in power.
Most government organisations work in partnership with academic or private sector partners.
Government organizations are accountable for the information they create and disseminate.
Government organizations have a higher risk mitigation capacity than private industry.
Government organizations open offices.
All government organizations create and use information to fulfill their roles in serving citizens.
All government organizations exist to serve the public interest .
Many government organizations are chartered to collect statistics.
Many government organizations employ private sector tools and techniques.
Many government organizations provide information and materials about smoking and health.
Most government organizations are behind the public sector's application of technology.
Some government organizations seem to work at cross-purposes.
Government ownership adds a political element to every potential cross-border deal.
Government ownership can also hold back regional expansion.
Government ownership is more pervasive in broadcasting than in the printed media.
Government payroll means taxes.
Government policies affect all our lives.
Government policies affect every American citizen.
Government policies are also important in myriad additional ways.
Government policies are critical, industry experts say.
Government policies are equally to blame.
Government policies are open to special interest group warfare.
Government policies are responsible for the mess.
Government policies attempt to control sharp price changes in the economy.
Government policies can affect prices that provide an incentive for more efficient freight travel.
Government policies can also help.
Government policies can encourage collaboration and nurture the sharing of knowledge.
Government policies can help to remove some of the blockages.
Government policies can influence both.
Government policies can promote economic growth in many ways.
Government policies cause changes to terrestrial ecosystems, in both positive and negative ways.
Government policies chage often in South Korea.
Government policies contribute to greater stability in the lives of young people.
Government policies directed at industry and individuals can mitigate the effects of global warming.
Government policies divide women against men.
Government policies have major implications for adjustment.
Government policies have profound effects on how our economic system performs.
Government policies keep the cost of child care affordable for low and middle income families.
Government policies related to land use and economic development are important.
Government policies support the broadening of the economic base.
Government policies tend to be capital-friendly.
Government policies thwart businesses even before they start.
Government policy associated with poor money management is another reason for lack of growth.
Government policy bars foreign airlines from taking a stake in a domestic airline company.
Government policy changes conditions.
Government policy changes economic conditions.
Government policy continues to encourage increased emissions in many area's - eg.
Government policy emphasizes individual and family responsibility for the provision of such care.
Government policy encourages loans or transfers of equipment from other government projects.
Government policy facilitates commerce.
Government policy focuses on reducing waste material and conserving energy.
Government policy has a major impact on all sorts of economic activity.
Government policy helps couples have children.
Government policy is affected by scientific writing.
Government policy is aimed at controlling all religious movements.
Government policy is also more geared to facilitating the combination of employment and care tasks.
Government policy is based on whether individuals are citizens or non-citizens.
Government policy is directed towards that.
Government policy is firmly rooted in a shift in production from goods to services.
Government policy is fluid.
Government policy is seen continuing unchanged.
Government policy is the other reason.
Government policy is therefore clear and mechanisms also exist for restitution.
Government policy is to encourage local industries and to promote private investment.
Government policy is to promote a successful, sustainable and safe ports industry.
Government policy legislates the political agenda of major contributors.
Government policy needs to catch up with science.
Government policy prevents importation of cheaper produce when a local alternative is available.
Government policy recommends the values needed by the general population.
Government policy remains firmly focused on a sound long term view, based on free market principles.
Government policy seems to encourage of trival groups to blend into wider society.
Government policy targets the hard-core poor.
Government policy undermines the paternal role.
Government policy wins, hands down.
Most government policy changes economic conditions.
Most government policy facilitates commerce.
Some government policy promotes expansion.
Government procurement accounts for a significant proportion of world trade and economic activity.
Government procurement can be rough 'n tough terrain.
Government procurement is a notable example.
Government procurement is a potentially lucrative sector for small and mid-size companies.
Government procurement is also another broad avenue to explore.
Government procurement is notoriously susceptible to corruption.
Government procurement is restricted to grain, purchased for state reserves.
Government procurement is vital to the economy of the province.
Government procurement represents a major market opportunity for the small business owner.
Government programs affect how much cropland is actively used and, in some cases, how it is used.
Government programs appear to fail, but only because their true purpose was never disclosed.
Government programs are also available to assist the U.S. exporter.
Government programs are also often risky.
Government programs are far less capable of changing human behavior than simple economic reality.
Government programs are important to success only for aerospace firms.
Government programs are inherently wasteful.
Government programs are like fat cells.
Government programs are never as effective as community-based efforts.
Government programs are no substitute for economic liberty.
Government programs are notorious for achieving the opposite results of their intended goals.
Government programs are only a part of it.
Government programs are slow and plodding.
Government programs can help as well.
Government programs come dressed up in the rhetoric of the general welfare.
Government programs concentrate mainly on maintaining income and benefits.
Government programs exist to assist low-income households with such improvements.
Government programs exist to cost-share some control programs.
Government programs fall short of raising elderly out of poverty.
Government programs have to prove themselves.
Government programs help address their short term problems.
Government programs lend a vital helping hand .
Government programs limit choices.
Government programs operate in continually changing environments.
Government programs provide very limited financial help.
Government programs recognize the important role environment plays.
Government programs subsidize the meals and in some cases they are free.
Government programs tend to encourage poor use of what farm land remains.
Government programs undertake a number of activities that produce a variety of results .
Government programs work best when they support the choices of families and individuals.
All government programs are dependent on funding by federal and state governments.
All government programs are sacred cows.
All government programs directed toward the improvement of the human condition are incomplete.
Many government programs allow indirect cost recovery.
Many government programs encourage or directly cause environmental harm.
Many government programs have implicit penalties or subsidies for marriage.
Many government programs offer legal help for free or at reduced rates for people on a budget.
Most Government programs have clear deadlines so advance planning is essential.
Some government programs make collaboration a condition for eligibility.
Some government programs reimburse totally or partially the cost incurred.
Government property belongs to the state and is subject to the direction of the government.
Government property is to be used exclusively for the conduct of official business.
All government purchases are tax exempt.
Government regulation affects every aspect of life.
Government regulation affects nearly every aspect of modern society.
Government regulation assures an orderly supply of electricity at a reasonable price.
Government regulation can compensate for the flaws in the system and improve market performance.
Government regulation can only act as a backup.
Government regulation does indeed have a lot to do with the reduction of pollution.
Government regulation is a tricky thing.
Government regulation is an important weapon in the fight against fraud.
Government regulation is another important factor in the market structure of an industry.
Government regulation is another possiblity.
Government regulation is be necessary to sustain discrimination by profit-seeking employers.
Government regulation is in response to the capital barriers that initially prevent competition.
Government regulation is necessary to protect a critical public resource from private destruction.
Government regulation is needed to preserve government power.
Government regulation is the main culprit distorting and corrupting our campaign finance system.
Government regulation is the price business pays for a bad ethical strategy.
Government regulation is unquestionably necessary in some areas.
Government regulation poses a significant burden to Texas businesses.
Government regulations affect every aspect of life.
Government regulations are a cost that businesses are forced to pass on to their customers.
Government regulations are also a factor in the market's slide.
Government regulations are extensive.
Government regulations are relatively unrestrictive.
Government regulations are the safety net in work zones, prescribing minimum action to be taken.
Government regulations are very important to jurors, especially ones related to testing.
Government regulations can easily hinder the global development of e-commerce.
Government regulations can undermine a charity's effectiveness.
Government regulations cause problems.
Government regulations change continuously.
Government regulations concerning food and food supplements vary greatly from country to country.
Government regulations concerning waste batteries are varied.
Government regulations differ greatly, especially regarding children's programming.
Government regulations force studios out of the talent agency business.
Government regulations impede good child care options.
Government regulations limit the hiring of U.K. passport holders.
Government regulations limit the length of cryptographic keys in a number of countries.
Government regulations make a statement about what is important and encourage particular practices.
Government regulations make removal and disposal complicated and costly.
Government regulations prohibit our providing funds to individuals.
Government regulations prohibit the air transport of fuel as it is considered a dangerous good.
Government regulations prohibit the transport of fuel as it is considered a dangerous good.
Government regulations require certain profit sharing and pension plans to have an audit.
Government regulations require export documentation for most international shipments.
Government regulations require hospitals to notify organ procurement agencies of a patient s death.
Government regulations require milk to be free of aflatoxin.
Government regulations require plan sponsors to file summary plan descriptions every ten years.
Government regulations require slopes in open cast mining to be safe.
Government regulations require specific documentation for international shipments.
Government regulations require that all unprotected storage tanks be upgraded.
Government regulations require that MSDSs be readily available to workers.
Government regulations restrict our actions, but they are enacted for a reason.
Government regulations restrict use of drugs, which are more necessary in confinement than pasture.
Government regulations specify that MSDSs be readily available to employees.
Government regulations threaten to plow family farmers under.
Government regulations tie industry's hands and make firing workers almost impossible.
Government regulations Understanding regulations impact.
Government regulations vary from country to country.
Any government regulation is an infringement on the right to freely exercise a person's religion.
Some government regulation does have a rational basis.
Government relations are an aspect of business activity of growing importance.
Government revenue is an income
Government revenue is increased.
Government revenue is received mainly from customs duties and oil profits.
Government revenues are an indicator of the opportunity cost of government.
Government revenues are insufficient to guarantee commercial power purchase contracts.
Government revenues come from custom duties and income and sales taxes.
Government revenues come from custom duties and taxes on income and sales.
All government revenue comes in the form of income taxes, collected using a graduated tax system.
Most government revenue comes from tariffs and import fees.
Most government revenue is derived from high tariffs and import fees.
Government risk is minimized.
Government school is the essential force for social cohesion.
Government schools are a microcosm of our society.
Government schools are government agencies paid for by tax dollars.
Government schools are nearly sacred to most people.
Government schools are public schools.
Government schools are socialism.
Government schools are the new integrating factor of all of life.
Government schools are the problem.
Government schools are too big, too impersonal, and too sterile.
Government schools ask children to leave their parents' morality at the front door.
Government schools create mindless consumerism in three broad ways.
Government schools educate most of America's children.
Government schools have a responsibility to educate all students to their full potential.
Government schools have inherent difficulty expelling students with behavioral problems.
Government schools help accomplish that.
Government schools produce people who look to government to fill their needs.
Government schools serve the special interests who have the money and power to lobby at the capitol.
Government schools teach evolution as a fact and bar any presentation of the creation position.
Government schools teach values clarification in which students decide right and wrong.
Most government schools receive funding based upon attendance.
Government scientists are eligible to apply.
Government scientists are skeptical.
Government scientists issue daily bulletins on solar weather conditions to the military.
Government scientists wear dog tags.
Some government scientists have a tough decision to make on a cancer drug.
Government secrecy cultivates government error and corruption.
Government secrecy is incompatible which such a development process.
Government secrecy is nothing new to mankind.
Government securities consist of treasury bonds, treasury notes, and treasury bills.
Government security is a certificate
Government security is an oxymoron.
Government service can be great.
Government service can require detailed understanding of database management.
Government service involves scientific service to the nation.
Government service is a large part of the economy.
Government service is a unique opportunity to contribute and make a difference.
Government service is like military service.
Government service requires great sacrifice.
Government services are also available in English and French.
Government services are often useful and sometimes necessary.
Government services are responsible for implementing forestry policy.
Government services are the best bargain in town.
Government services can improve accuracy, e.g., more appropriate bus routes near seniors.
Government services make up the most important service industry.
Government services provide the majority of employment.
All government services suffer.
Many government services are already available online, but more are on the way.
Most government services provide Internet access free to the public.
Some government services are essential to safeguarding life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Some government services can be expensive, difficult to quantify and yet easy to take for granted.
Government speech is protected speech like any other speech.
Government spending accounts for two-thirds of economic activity.
Government spending determines prosperity or recession.
Government spending determines the level of employment.
Government spending includes the purchase of labor and park benches.
Government spending is a component of aggregate demand.
Government spending is a short-term fix.
Government spending is also a net loss, although it increases the GDP just like an earthquake.
Government spending is always about setting priorities.
Government spending is an economic stimulant as is the tax cut that has already been enacted.
Government spending is another feature of economic growth.
Government spending is at an all-time high.
Government spending is full of incompetence, waste and fraud.
Government spending is in accordance with voting power.
Government spending is never a problem, but undertaxation is an ever-present danger.
Government spending is out of control.
Government spending is planned to rise rapidly.
Government spending is small compared to total commercial spending.
Government spending is still out of control.
Government spending is still the main engine driving the economy.
Government spending is too high.
Government spending is well above the optimum level to maximize social welfare.
Government spending needs to be controlled.
Government spending reduces GDP growth for two reasons.
Most government spending is by the U.S. armed forces, which maintain several large bases in Hawaii.
Government subsidies are an integral part of many industries, from farming to sports franchises.
Government subsidies are another contentious issue.
Government subsidies are available at selected locations.
Government subsidies are available.
Government subsidies are the target of both sides.
Government subsidies become as addictive as drugs.
Government subsidies can have strange, unintended consequences.
Government subsidies enable some facilities to serve low-income individuals.
Government subsidies encourage both excessive fishing effort and overinvestment in fishing capacity.
Government subsidies given to the private industry usually end up hurting the economy.
Government subsidies help keep the current utility system dominant.
Government subsidies increase frequency.
Government subsidies lead to massive surpluses and depressed prices for farmers.
Government subsidies make opera and theater tickets inexpensive.
Government subsidies make opera and theater tickets very inexpensive.
Government subsidy is available according to net family income.
Government subsidy is what Canada offers in spades.
Every government subsidy comes with increased government regulation.
Government surplus goes first to charitable groups.
Government taxation deprives people of the freedom to use their own income.
Government taxes are additional.
Government taxes are destructive when they are beyond the power of people to pay.
Government taxes are in addition to fares listed.
Government taxes are subject to change without notice.
Government technology is often antiquated, inefficient and unsatisfactory.
Government transfers have a much greater effect than taxes on redistributing income.
Government transportation is available for official use only .
Government types respond that it's time for agriculture to get on the bandwagon.
Every government type has a little bit of other.
Government waste is built in.
Government websites are in the .gov domain, nonprofits in the .org domain, etc.
Government websites are under development for most Southern California Counties.
Government workers are also exempt from paying the deposit.
Government workers are by far the largest single group of employees in the country.
Government workers are like people everywhere else - just ordinary folks.
Government workers aren t so sure.
Government workers fall on the same bell curve of productivity as their private-sector counterparts.
Government workers get just as little pay as possible.
All government workers get free trips to Mecca.
Some government workers flee countries.
Government accepts the responsibility of protecting the child from the parents.
Government actively encourages foreign investment.
Government acts in another way to create, while also restraining, economic freedom.
Government acts through universal prescriptions, laws that apply to everyone.
Government acts to cut banks' profiteering.
Government acts to suppress opposition groups.
Government actually prevents competition in market data from emerging.
Government adds rules, regulations, and punishments for air bag use.
Government admits problems with new review process.
Government admits that fewer women than men now qualify for benefits under the new system.
Government adopts goals.
Government affects people's lives in lot of ways.
Government affects so many private interests.
Government affects the pace and direction of science and technology.
Government allows resumption of work on Suez projects.
Government alone is incapable of solving society's most vexing problems.
Government already has enormous control.
Government already mandates seat belts, air bags, bumper styles and gasoline consumption.
Government already promotes sectoral councils and other tri-partite institutions.
Government already takes a large bite out of the consumer's dollar through gasoline taxes.
Government already takes some role.
Government also carries an enormous load of social responsibility.
Government also depends on the assessments to decide when to declare a disaster area.
Government also employs chemists in medical, agricultural, and other research.
Government also enters the picture on many levels.
Government also fails to appreciate the degree to which people learn and change their behavior.
Government also has a constitutional obligation to be transparent and responsive.
Government also has a critical role to play.
Government also has a duty to deliver news to the public, journalists and professionals.
Government also has a key role to play.
Government also has a responsibility to protect personal privacy. . . .
Government also has a role in agricultural research beyond investment.
Government also has a role to play.
Government also helps to control the social impact of biotechnology.
Government also helps to create the conditions that make industrial competition possible.
Government also includes the people who form the supreme administrative body of a country as well.
Government also needs to be able to respond to the inevitable problems caused by growth.
Government also needs to privatise to reduce the debt burden and improve competitiveness.
Government also provides aid to farmers by subsidizing prices they receive for their crops.
Government also supplies relief for the poor and help for the disabled.
Government announces a moratorium on all debt repayments.
Government announces a new sequential test for housing schemes to give priority to brownfield sites.
Government announces colour TV policy.
Government announces creation of universities from polytechnics.
Government announces immediate action to combat BSE Berlin.
Government announces it is abandoning plans to reach cocoa production of one million tons per year.
Government announces new woodchip export regime .
Government announces one year moratorium.
Government announces plans for reform of the lords.
Government announces rural rescue package to help struggling business.
Government announces the closure of a great number of railway lines.
Government appears more constrained.
Government appoints child care workers.
Government appoints workers.
Government approaches the matter differently.
Government approaches to disability are too often health-oriented and curative in nature.
Government approves irradiation to extend shelf life of white potatoes.
Government approves new broadcasting bill.
Government approves new plan for refugees .
Government approves new site for displaced refugees.
Government argues that in some cases, it has the right to intrude.
Government assumes a structure through which governing occurs.
Government attempts to alleviate severe skill shortages are hampered by inadequate information.
Government attempts to crack down on Colombia's large drug cartels met with violent resistance.
Government attempts to help the environment often backfire.
Government attempts to regulate are likely to be outmoded by the time they are finally enacted.
Government attempts to restrict access to the Internet mean less value is derived from the network.
Government attends for free.
Government bail out is out of question.
Government bans activities.
Government bears burden of establishing admissibility by preponderance of the evidence.
Government bears the risk for cost and utilization.
Government becomes a treaty among sovereign individuals based on no more than good faith.
Government becomes accountable.
Government becomes corrupt by the minute.
Government becomes more efficient and rational, and less bound by tradition.
Government becomes, once again, the exclusive province of the propertied.
Government believes it knows what's best for children.
Government believes the old saw that nothing is certain but death and taxes.
Government boasts a political reform program.
Government brings back conscription.
Government broadcasts warnings by radio.
Government build housing nearby but most people prefer old way.
Government builds airports.
Government buys out opposition newspapers.
Government buys surplus.
Government calls and animates all the brethren to be responsible.
Government calls for a report on the unpaid family support blunder.
Government campaigns against a thing only succeed in making it cool.
Government can affirm right decisions.
Government can almost never admit that some problems are simply intractable in a free society.
Government can also exercise outright pay controls.
Government can also help identify clusters, collect data, and convene cluster participants.
Government can also help take to scale ideas that others have proven effective.
Government can also help to develop new markets.
Government can also provide assistance and act as a liaison between industry and the community.
Government can also raise or lower the minimum requirements for entering a healthcare profession.
Government can also strengthen the partnership.
Government can also tax the business creating the indirect cost.
Government can be a great facilitator or a great obstacle.
Government can be an active agent of exploitation.
Government can be an arbiter, but it can never be a provider.
Government can be an effective tool in resisting the effects of man s fallenness.
Government can be an enabler and a catalyst for positive change, or it can be an obstacle.
Government can be as slow as many think it is.
Government can be inaccessible, unresponsive, and inflexible when dealing with citizens.
Government can be inefficient, inaccessible, and unaccountable.
Government can be more efficient and can provide excellent service with fewer dollars.
Government can be no better that the people who empower it.
Government can be useful even on the federal level.
Government can bring the rule of law to the high frontier of space.
Government can build roads, bridges, airports, and baseball stadiums.
Government can condemn under eminent domain property that was then resold.
Government can decentralize while staying in close 'virtual' contact to facilitate coordination.
Government can do good things for people facing difficult times.
Government can do more.
Government can do much to celebrate good companies.
Government can do much, but it can in no wise do all.
Government can do only so much to turn around such systemic problems.
Government can do that when it comes to enhancing the public welfare.
Government can do that.
Government can do things better and smarter.
Government can do.
Government can downsize when the philanthropic sector is stronger.
Government can employ some fairly simple measures to prevent concentration.
Government can encourage parental involvement by expanding choice in education.
Government can encourage proper allocation of capital with both carrots and sticks.
Government can establish domestic defense plans and tighten security.
Government can expand without reducing the freedom of the governed.
Government can finance a deficit by two ways.
Government can fix the drug problem.
Government can function only if a stable tax base exists.
Government can function.
Government can give parents practical tools to raise responsible children.
Government can give to one group only what it takes from another.
Government can have a role in helping to preserve families, and prepare individuals for family life.
Government can help create a climate of opportunity for technology.
Government can help families raise children and care for their elderly parents.
Government can help or hinder.
Government can help organizations leverage resources from other sources.
Government can help.
Government can indeed be most troublesome and the source of many evils.
Government can influence themes.
Government can inform and lead, but it's ultimately individual action that saves lives.
Government can invest in safety research.
Government can investigate attacks when they occur.
Government can launch an entity and then free it to expand in the private sector.
Government can learn from private industry practices.
Government can make constant progress when it keeps abreast of all the facts.
Government can make laws and, in some cases, provide funding.
Government can never be any better than the people it governs.
Government can never be the solution.
Government can never compete with the private sector on the financial level.
Government can never contract away blame or responsibility.
Government can never replace parents.
Government can never satisfy anyone without hurting someone.
Government can never write enough rules to replace personal responsibility.
Government can no longer afford to be all things to all people.
Government can no longer depend on inflation to erode the value of government debt.
Government can no longer keep a handhold on what information becomes public knowledge.
Government can now act early to protect the separate populations that make up a species.
Government can now check the status of vendors.
Government can only ban contributions to prevent corruption.
Government can only do so much.
Government can only empower.
Government can only facilitate fair and just treatment of people by enforcing laws.
Government can only help some businesses by stealing from taxpayers and other businesses.
Government can only hinder the production of goods and services that people want.
Government can only raise the income of one person by taking from another.
Government can only recognize areas that sovereign people have created.
Government can only slow things down.
Government can play a role facilitating or prodding the private sector.
Government can play a role.
Government can play an important role to ensure that workers earn a fair wage.
Government can print money, raise taxes, inflate bureaucracies and run 'vague budgets'.
Government can privatize an activity by contracting with a private organization to perform the work.
Government can promote best practice here too.
Government can promote compassion.
Government can provide a public good more effectively than the private market.
Government can provide certain structures that can jumpstart the process.
Government can provide housing vouchers that can be used to pay rent.
Government can provide neutral reading support even on religious school campus.
Government can provide opportunity.
Government can provide some help, such as the Family Leave Act and immunization programs.
Government can reasonably take much of the total paid by the user.
Government can require increase in proposed capacity and access to pipelines by third parties.
Government can seem like a hindrance instead of providing services.
Government can seem like a necessary evil.
Government can seize any vehicle.
Government can serve a useful purpose.
Government can serve as partner, catalyst, leader, or resource in crime prevention efforts.
Government can spend a lot of money in court on legal fees trying to squeeze blood from a turnip.
Government can spend money, but it can t put hope in our hearts or a sense of purpose in our lives.
Government can still restrict marijuana use.
Government can successfully facilitate but never dictate.
Government can t react fast enough.
Government can t solve every problem.
Government can t tell people where to live, but it can offer people alternatives.
Government can t work alone.
Government can take competitive bids from private suppliers.
Government can take less.
Government can take two important first steps to encourage marriage in low-income communities.
Government can target funding at risks that are genuinely a threat to the people's interest.
Government can then make more informed decisions and serve and inform the public more effectively.
Government can then respond directly to the needs.
Government can use building codes and inspection power to increase environmental security.
Government can use guns to arrest and imprison.
Government can use various approaches to supplement or increase earnings for the working poor.
Government can veto employment legislation.
Government can work to guarantee equal opportunity . . .
Government can, and does, combat poverty and other social issues.
Government can, however, be constructive in building partnerships between countries.
Government ceases funding.
Government celebrates state's constitution.
Government certainly does have a role beyond promoting consumer education.
Government certainly has a place in our industry.
Government changes history as it sees fit and history fluctuates with every passing day.
Government chat groups.
Government Check out one of the most politically advanced countries in the world.
Government Check out one of the most politically advanced democracies in the world.
Government claims all vital signs are there.
Government claims to be doing it now.
Government clearly has a role to play.
Government clearly has authority to take private land to protect the environment.
Government clearly has the potential of enhancing the lives and welfare of our citizenry.
Government clearly lags behind in efforts to improve efficiency and achieve bottom line results.
Government closely controls media content prior to publication.
Government collects taxes based on where and when income is being earned.
Government combine after many shirt meanwhile excite ctx laptop memory.
Government comes to be seen as a source of benefits.
Government comes up with needs such as electronic commerce and information security.
Government complains that oil exploitation contracts favor the companies.
Government concedes, taxes lowered, all rebels pardoned.
Government conducts investigations.
Government confirms firm is target of probe.
Government confiscates a large percentage of the national wealth.
Government considers access to clean water to be a right for all.
Government considers high potential.
Government considers potential.
Government considers use of computers for processing flight plan data.
Government contains government and organization links.
Government continues huge subsidies to zombie industries, such as coal and steel.
Government continues to embark on such training exercises.
Government continues to grow and freedom continues to take a beating.
Government continues to grow bigger and becomes less efficient.
Government continues to grow.
Government continues to have many remarkably dedicated and competent employees.
Government continues to provide incentives for more manufactured products and activities.
Government contributes to the library Rs.
Government controls in Canada help keep prices low.
Government controls only one among many interest rates.
Government controls people through budgets.
Government controls society until it is ready to control itself.
Government controls the licensing of all education.
Government controls the supply of money.
Government couches the destruction of Constitutional guarantees with the language of compassion.
Government counterfeits money.
Government covers the interest in the interim.
Government creates facilities.
Government creates no wealth.
Government creates nothing but debt and misery for the people.
Government creates stances.
Government creates terrorist weapons.
Government currently has a monopoly on the Internet sector.
Government currently is required to take bids on some goods and services.
Government cuts parastatal worker's salaries by as much as two-thirds.
Government declares a state of calamity.
Government declares a state of emergency in the north of the country.
Government declares moratorium on gold standard.
Government delivers inferior services which are inefficient and effective.
Government demands increased accountability, quality assurance measures and strategic planning.
Government demands mindless conformity.
Government denies health links Officials deny any link between the calciner and health.
Government depends on force to achieve everything that government does.
Government deserves the understanding and support of the American people.
Government determines a theme for each year's celebrations.
Government determines policy.
Government develops and enforces conservation laws and regulations.
Government develops areas.
Government develops residential areas.
Government directories . .
Government directories, consumer information, etc.
Government disbands hospital boards and introduces regional health authorities.
Government disclosures about radiation tests breed complaints about other nuclear experiments.
Government distributes free textbooks and workbooks to all primary schools.
Government document no.
Government does a hideous job of molding souls.
Government does a lot of investing, too .
Government does carry an enormous load of responsibility.
Government does have a critical role to play in the e-commerce marketplace a limited role.
Government does have a role in protecting consumers.
Government does have a role to play.
Government does have a significant role to play in assuring the quality of health- insurance plans.
Government does have an important role to play in the lives of the American people.
Government does have authority to uphold law and order, otherwise society has social anarchy.
Government does have the authority to enforce regulations on private land.
Government does have the power to stimulate innovation.
Government does lack an automatic, obvious bottom line.
Government does nothing except live by our works and then manipulates it for themselves to flourish.
Government does nothing to assist the economy.
Government does some things well.
Government does tests.
Government does that with civil aircraft, for example.
Government does very little.
Government does work, and government does make a difference.
Government does, too.
Government do-gooders can t just sit idly by and let people pay exorbitant prices for potatoes.
Government dominates education, communications, transportation, banking, and manufacturing.
Government drains wealth from a healthy economy.
Government drops trading limits on won.
Government educates our children badly.
Government effects the supply of healthcare providers by regulating the market.
Government employs almost every type of worker and is the country's largest employer.
Government employs another third.
Government employs many people as well.
Government encompasses the formal mechanisms by which people in a given territory are ruled.
Government encourages dependency on government.
Government encourages diversity, competition, and innovation.
Government encourages economic growth.
Government encourages foreign investment in China.
Government encourages growth.
Government ends poll tax.
Government engages in taxation to generate the revenues it needs to function.
Government enriches itself by treating the symptoms, though it knows well the root cause.
Government ensures fair evaluation and vendorizations.
Government erodes our freedoms at a great rate.
Government establishes and protects property rights more efficienfiy than private firms.
Government establishes and protects property rights more efficiently.
Government establishes areas.
Government establishes laws and rules and individuals decide what, how and for whom to produce.
Government establishes manatee protection zones.
Government establishes protect areas.
Government establishes zones.
Government estimates cost.
Government estimates place membership in the low hundreds.
Government examines private mail and telegrams.
Government exercises a great deal of power in modern society.
Government exercises a monopoly of legal control over a certain geographic area.
Government exists at the pleasure of the sovereigns and the masters.
Government exists for a pretty basic reason.
Government exists in order to protect our rights and defend our liberties.
Government exists only for the protection of individual rights.
Government exists to help the people.
Government exists to protect good citizens from evil by punishing lawbreakers.
Government exists to protect our rights and freedoms.
Government exists to protect our security.
Government exists to protect property.
Government exists to secure the natural rights of the people.
Government exists to serve the needs of citizens.
Government exists to serve the people, who always have first claim on their own taxpayer dollars.
Government exists, instead, to secure the rights of the people.
Government expects tourism to make a major contribution to job creation and economic development.
Government expresses concern.
Government expresses particular concern.
Government faces many of the same issues as the private sector.
Government favours economic instruments.
Government fears armed subjects.
Government finds recommendations.
Government fixes policies to control the quantity of people.
Government focuses on infrastructures.
Government forces great parking lots to be provided, as a function of floor area and building usage.
Government fully respects the property rights of all investment.
Government funds the capital costs of school construction through debt-service grants.
Government gains at the expense of consumer and producer surplus.
Government gets more inflation tax revenue.
Government gives companies two weeks to hammer out cable access deal.
Government gives extra funding to schools in order to improve performance.
Government gives local authorities powers to close footpaths and rights of way.
Government gives money with strings.
Government gives Organ against wool on a apricot juice since satisfy inside an stomach.
Government gives Organ against wool on a cocktail mixes since satisfy inside an stomach.
Government gives Organ against wool on a cocktail onions since satisfy inside an stomach.
Government gives Organ against wool on a coconut since satisfy inside an stomach.
Government gives Organ against wool on a cream corn since satisfy inside an stomach.
Government gives proprietary rights to individuals or communities.
Government goes along.
Government goes in peaks and valleys.
Government goes to the public treasury and uses taxpayer money.
Government goes to war with another country and increases purchases of military goods.
Government grows dramatically during war time.
Government grows larger as people become more dependent.
Government grows strong and dictatorial by the granting of special favors.
Government grows, legislators bring pork barrel back to their home districts, and taxpayers lose.
Government guarantees civil liberties.
Government guarantees on debt create opportunities for enhanced returns to investors.
Government has (part) hierarchies.
Government has (part) power structures.
Government has a central role in the development of distributed data storage.
Government has a central role to play in transformation.
Government has a compelling interest in prohibiting and punishing harm to children.
Government has a controlled policy on tourism.
Government has a different role in other areas.
Government has a distinct and important role in our society.
Government has a duty to preserve the content it creates.
Government has a duty to serve the public as efficiently, as simply, and as directly as possible.
Government has a key role in the establishment of the infrastructure of the new economy.
Government has a key role to play too in promoting knowledge transfer between science and industry.
Government has a key role to play.
Government has a key role, in providing high quality leadership and acting as a catalyst of change.
Government has a legitimate function, but the private sector has one too, and it is superior.
Government has a lot more work to do, experts say.
Government has a lousy record in picking business winners.
Government has a major role on our academic lives.
Government has a moral responsibility to be good stewards of our money.
Government has a popular mandate to kill.
Government has a proper role in cyberspace.
Government has a reasonable track record in preventing harm of one individual onto another.
Government has a responsibility to do what government can do to make things better.
Government has a responsibility to encourage change where public health and safety can be enhanced.
Government has a responsibility to foster innovation.
Government has a responsibility to respect the Aboriginal right and also to regulate all fisheries.
Government has a responsibility to step up to the plate.
Government has a right to accept the idea or reject it.
Government has a right to intervene in order to protect human life, liberty, and property.
Government has a role as well.
Government has a role here.
Government has a role in educating people about stewardship of natural resources.
Government has a role in our society.
Government has a role in society, but it ought to be a limited one.
Government has a role in the process, but it is limited.
Government has a role to play as well, although the size of that role varies.
Government has a role to play in breaking glass ceilings.
Government has a role, and an important one.
Government has a role, and an important role.
Government has a role, and the private sector has a role.
Government has a role, indeed, a critical role, in the reform process.
Government has a role, too.
Government has a significant role to play in protecting cyberspace.
Government has a social responsibility.
Government has a stake in promoting diversity and in helping new immigrants gain a toehold.
Government has a surplus.
Government has a tendency to grow .
Government has a track record of undermining the regulator's independence.
Government has a tremendous amount of clout in pushing industry to create products.
Government has a very important and basic function.
Government has ability.
Government has agencies.
Government has as little business subsidizing private industry as it does individuals.
Government has authority.
Government has authority.
Government has capacity.
Government has cities.
Government has complementary concerns.
Government has constantly to measure itself against competitive providers of services.
Government has control of the fiscal instruments.
Government has critical infrastructures.
Government has debts.
Government has evidence.
Government has formal programs to accept short pays.
Government has friends as well as enermies.
Government has functions.
Government has greater flexibility in procurement.
Government has important roles to play.
Government has influence on both public morals and public education.
Government has information and lots of it.
Government has infrastructures.
Government has intentions.
Government has interest.
Government has jobs.
Government has legal responsibility.
Government has limited resources to combat illegal dumping.
Government has many responsibilities and a finite reservoir of money.
Government has metro cities.
Government has neither the resources nor the expertise.
Government has no accountability other than for primary data.
Government has no authority to do that.
Government has no business deciding which companies are worthy of advertising funds.
Government has no business directing what is best for children.
Government has no business in private enterprise.
Government has no business intruding into people's bedrooms.
Government has no business mandating placement of any electronic devices in consumer goods.
Government has no business regulating Internet content.
Government has no business saying who can marry each other.
Government has no intention of floating pound, or fixing dollar exchange rates.
Government has no intention to tax income from savings.
Government has no legitimate interest in how that love is expressed.
Government has no place telling a private individual how to manage their company.
Government has no powers over the Rights of Men because it was given no such powers.
Government has no right to determine the legitimacy of academic research.
Government has no right to intervene.
Government has no right to pursue any citizen on trumped-up charges.
Government has no right to steal from one group of citizens to benefit another.
Government has no right to tell any individual what to do with their body.
Government has no rights, only people have rights.
Government has NO rights.
Government has no role in defining a marriage.
Government has no role in the economy except to get out of the way.
Government has no role, let women decide.
Government has no solution for locum relief .
Government has none.
Government has only limited resources to police cyberspace.
Government has plans to create six additional states.
Government has plans to further develop gas production based on large untapped gas reserves.
Government has policy.
Government has power.
Government has powers to regulate depletion rates in national interest.
Government has protection.
Government has real opportunity to reengineer the client interface.
Government has regulations.
Government has responsibility.
Government has rights.
Government has roles.
Government has services.
Government has several roles.
Government has shut down, new forces seize power, and decay sets in.
Government has slow-moving lines and ponderous paperwork.
Government has some responsibility, but producers have responsibility as well.
Government has surplus.
Government has to allow citizens a way to complain to government about government.
Government has to base itself in the democratic ideal.
Government has to be able to deliver value.
Government has to be accountable and worthy of the public trust.
Government has to be the leader and catalyst of change.
Government has to be the protector of the broader public interest.
Government has to change the way it does business to be successful.
Government has to change, but so does business.
Government has to conduct business whether it be headed by a city manager or mayor.
Government has to deal with the real world where inequities exist.
Government has to do something.
Government has to do with spending it or taking it.
Government has to exercise strong leadership.
Government has to lead.
Government has to learn to get along with itself.
Government has to learn to hold the line on their spending.
Government has to look out for lending of credit and product endorsement issues.
Government has to make sure that there is equal funding for all children in public schools.
Government has to offer a lead, too.
Government has to offer a minister.
Government has to open such dialogue and help to find solutions for the years ahead.
Government has to partner with community agencies, which are already addressing many of the issues.
Government has to play a leading part.
Government has to prioritise carefully and maintain strict fiscal discipline.
Government has to provide basic services.
Government has to recognize that providing decent housing is a core function again.
Government has to regulate exchange control.
Government has to resume the responsibilities it has abdicated.
Government has to rethink on the policy and give certain concessions to private health sector.
Government has to show leadership to reduce the dependence on less efficient transportation.
Government has to step in here.
Government has to think about the politics and the country's economy.
Government has to weigh the alternatives.
Government has too much internal focus.
Government has too much money to give away and too many favors to pass out.
Government has two roles in the economy.
Government has very little to do with our daily lives.
Government has yet to solve any of society's ills.
Government has zero risk, no taxes, and little incentive to do the job cheaper.
Government has, therefore, put forward some preliminary views on the subject.
Government have a role.
Government have an outstandingly poor record of meeting the needs of low income groups.
Government helps businesses thrive.
Government helps produce fiscally unstable agencies.
Government hesitates to interfere with collective bargaining and strikes for good reason.
Government holds no special monopoly on it.
Government ignores local concern for drinking water quality and risk of landslide.
Government ignores local environmental concern for drinking water quality and risk of landslide.
Government ignores ultimate outcomes.
Government impacts our lives in many ways, and has become the dominant force shaping our society.
Government implements policy.
Government implements tests.
Government implies the power of making laws.
Government imposes a dominant monoculture.
Government imposes sin taxes on cigarettes and alcohol.
Government imposes such standards on doctors, lawyers, engineers, architects, etc.
Government improves economic equity in society by redistributing the nation's income.
Government includes federal, state and local government agencies in the United State.
Government includes federal, state, and local government employment.
Government includes the structure of our political system and compares it to other nations.
Government incurs expenditure on a number of types of cash benefits.
Government indeed likes the Internet.
Government indicates military and VA hospitals, other govenment agancies.
Government influences behavior by shaping the cognitions of people in ambiguous situations.
Government influences pricing of services to reflect public policy goals.
Government influences the economy in both a macro and a micro sense.
Government initiates road maintenance to meet the upcoming winter season.
Government injures and kills.
Government inquires dealing with unemployment and social security.
Government intends to outlaw all rickshaws.
Government intends to pursue the matter of restitution of 'looted' art Bonn.
Government intentionally involves all groups.
Government interferes when marriages fail.
Government intervenes through the courts.
Government introduces limited liberalization by giving private enterprise more freedom.
Government introduces pension splitting.
Government intrudes when it asks every taxpayer to pay for it.
Government invests Rs.
Government is a business, a business of people helping people.
Government is a collective body of individuals within a civilized society.
Government is a contract among the governed.
Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants .
Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants.
Government is a critical determinant of the relative health of the economy.
Government is a different and very dirty ball game.
Government is a different story.
Government is a dirty business attracting dirty people.
Government is a dynamic, sometimes fast-moving process.
Government is a generator of social capital and an instrument of collective choice.
Government is a giant, inefficient and often very self-serving beast.
Government is a graduation requirement for the state of Indiana.
Government is a great major.
Government is a growth industry.
Government is a health hazard.
Government is a hobby.
Government is a human construction, and therefore is subject to human cultural influences.
Government is a large and important sector of the economy.
Government is a large employer also.
Government is a large, awkward, bulky institution.
Government is a lie.
Government is a listing of government agencies.
Government is a mainstay of the wage economy.
Government is a major employer in the county with over one quarter of total jobs.
Government is a means of securing freedom and maintaining a system of justice.
Government is a mirror of the nation.
Government is a mistake.
Government is a monopoly on violence.
Government is a monopoly, pal.
Government IS a monopoly.
Government is a natural and collective human responsibility.
Government is a necessary evil.
Government is a necessary tool.
Government is a negative influence no matter at what size it is found.
Government is a our only real tool for solving complex social problems.
Government is a parently figure.
Government is a part of our everyday life.
Government is a partnership.
Government is a people business.
Government is a perfect example of mystification at work.
Government is a poor substitute for a parent.
Government is a prime source for that job growth.
Government is a privately sponsored guide to state, national and international government sources.
Government is a prize.
Government is a reflection of the people who created it.
Government is a relative newcomer.
Government is a reliable, continuous source of business.
Government is a required senior level course.
Government is a serious business.
Government is a servant of the people.
Government is a small part of the institutions of civil society.
Government is a social contract between the governed and the governing.
Government is a spiritual, ethical, honorable commitment.
Government is a steward for public good.
Government is a system based on threat and domination.
Government is a system.
Government is a trust, and the officers of the government are trustees.
Government is a vital outcome and a prerequisite of democracy.
Government is a way of life here.
Government is a way to do that.
Government is a willing and servile participant.
Government is about choices.
Government is about difficult choices.
Government is about finding the balance.
Government is about people.
Government is about popular consent.
Government is about power, and power is a zero-sum process.
Government is about priorities.
Government is about such difficult choices.
Government is about using power and law for the public good.
Government is absolutist in Nigeria because it was so instituted by the colonial authorities.
Government is accountable to no one, to nothing but itself.
Government is accountable to the people.
Government is accountable to the taxpayers.
Government is actually the worst failure of civilized man.
Government is afraid of the economic consequences.
Government is after all a collective effort.
Government is all about improving the lives of citizens.
Government is already aware of the problem and is working on it.
Government is already too big.
Government is also committed to a program for women in agriculture and agro-related businesses.
Government is always an inefficient structure for accomplishing anything.
Government is always the proposed solution, with disastrous results.
Government is always the whipping board.
Government is among the last entities to recognize true innovation and market breakthroughs.
Government is an abstract entity.
Government is an agent of force.
Government is an all-purpose bad guy. . . .
Government is an apparatus of compulsion and coercion.
Government is an auto-toxic institution, reinforcing the petty thievery people mutually inflict.
Government is an auxiliary.
Government is an essential factor in our community life.
Government is an ever present aspect of modern life.
Government is an honorable thing.
Government is an idea.
Government is an important economic sector.
Government is an important source of funding for IDAs.
Government is an inherently parasitic institution.
Government is an institution in the broad sense.
Government is an institution of force , plain and simple.
Government is an institution with a monopoly of legitimized force in a given geographical region.
Government is an integral and inherent part of any healthy community.
Government is an integral part of the business world.
Government is an ongoing institution.
Government is an on-going process.
Government is an organism that breeds corruption on all levels.
Government is as government does.
Government is assumed to be entitled to take as much of the citizens' wealth as it desires.
Government is at best subject to far cruder constraints.
Government is at present moving to extend the Commerce Act to give competition law sharper teeth.
Government is aware of the exciting possibilities which the new technologies are offering.
Government is aware of the link between population factors and national development.
Government is aware of the potential for abuse of the spirit of export controls.
Government is aware that crime is causing concern to farmers.
Government is based on coercion.
Government is based on power buttressed by law, the market on survival, sharpened by want.
Government is based on the principle of equality.
Government is based upon consent .
Government is basically a marketplace.
Government is behind.
Government is best is administered by real people.
Government is big and the bureaucracy is big.
Government is big and weak, failing to propitiate proliferating client groups.
Government is big business.
Government is big enough, and it has no business owning private companies.
Government is big, intrusive, and out of control.
Government is bigger and markets are smaller that way.
Government is bigger than it has to be.
Government is boring.
Government is broke.
Government is broken and it is time to fix it.
Government is busy formulating a police on the ownership of mineral resources.
Government is busy formulating a policy on te ownership of mineral resources.
Government is busy formulating a policy on the ownership of mineral resources.
Government is but a political idea.
Government is by a benevolent monarchy.
Government is by a seven member council and mayor.
Government is by definition inefficient at best.
Government is by no means a homogenous entity.
Government is called upon once more to have that law amended.
Government is called upon to solve complex problems.
Government is capable of arm citizens.
Government is capable of doing good and important work.
Government is capable of school children.
Government is committed to a fair land distribution system.
Government is committed to ensuring sustainability of marine resources and equitable access.
Government is committed to establishment of a capital market and other financial intermediaries.
Government is committed to good governance as a cornerstone of development.
Government is committed to paying the full cost of the items negotiated in the agreement.
Government is committed to promoting accelerated growth in the industrial sector .
Government is committed to promoting the development of the industry.
Government is committed to the project and improvement of the water network is underway.
Government is compassion's least able practitioner.
Government is competent when all who compose it work as trustees for the whole people.
Government is complicated.
Government is concerned about outcomes, concerns about equity.
Government is concerned directly with the first and indirectly with the second.
Government is corrupt and ineffective.
Government is Corrupt.
Government is defined as ultimate authority.
Government is democratic if part or all of citizens take part in and hold office.
Government is deprived of revenue and the much needed foreign currency.
Government is designed to move slowly, and there's a reason for that.
Government is dissolved.
Government is divided into three basic areas, each area having a specific function and jurisdiction.
Government is divided into two basic functions.
Government is dysfunctional.
Government is elected by the people.
Government is empowered only by the consent of the governed.
Government is entitled to place conditions to a ruthless terrorist.
Government is essential for a civilized society.
Government is essentially immoral.
Government is essentially the negation of liberty.
Government is expensive because of the many responsibilities that citizens assign to it.
Government is faced with failure to receive budgeted tax receipts.
Government is fairly upbeat about prospects, but they are probably overly optimistic.
Government is filled with people who are doing well instead of doing good.
Government is firmly committed to improving governance, accountability, and transparency.
Government is first individual, then extends to the home, church, and the community.
Government is force, the state is organized aggression.
Government is force.
Government is formed simply the better to preserve the right to property.
Government is found to be negatively related to each measure of human rights.
Government is France's largest employer.
Government is full of weasels.
Government is fundamental to ensuring continuity and a smooth transfer of operations.
Government is generally responsible for the broad goal of serving the public at large.
Government is good when good people are willing to get involved.
Government is good, and public officials are always well-informed.
Government is held responsible for social problems, and for pollution and sick environments.
Government is here to serve the people.
Government Is Here.
Government is historically the worst violator of individuals privacy.
Government is how people organize themselves to be directed by politics.
Government is in danger of falling.
Government is in people's lives enough already.
Government is in the business of health, welfare and safety.
Government is in the grip of highly specialized bureaucrats who issue orders from above.
Government is incapable of repairing societal ills, economic disparity, or creating jobs and wealth.
Government is indeed proud of what it has accomplished.
Government is inherently negative.
Government is instituted by people to protect their rights.
Government is instituted for their equal benefit, security and protection.
Government is instituted no less for protection of the property, than of the persons of individuals.
Government is instituted to protect individual rights.
Government is intended for the protection of the good people as well as the management of the bad.
Government is invariably oppressive and is used by the powerful solely to maintain the status quo.
Government is jittery about the mass action.
Government is just as fallible, too, when it fixes systems in physics.
Government is just as infallible too when it fixes systems in physics.
Government is just one of the four fundamental institutions that support society.
Government is just one way repression is manifested.
Government is just too big and too complicated.
Government is largely a justice system.
Government is lead by small group.
Government is led by leaders.
Government is legally responsible to provide juvenile justice services.
Government is less accountable than business.
Government is less willing to get involved with regulation of business, or to help social reform.
Government is like a baby.
Government is like a junk picker with information - they collect anything and everything.
Government is like a junk picker with information.
Government is like a public utility.
Government is like a referee calling the balls and strikes.
Government is like fire, a great tool, but also dangerous.
Government is like fire, that dangerous servant and terrible master.
Government is like life.
Government is likely to work better when it is as close as possible to the governed.
Government is limited by Fourth Amendment s prohibition of unreasonable search and seizure.
Government is limited in what it can provide through health-care and information campaigns.
Government is loathe to put businesses out of business.
Government is located in cities.
Government is located in civilization.
Government is located in control.
Government is located in countries.
Government is located in democracy.
Government is located in trouble.
Government is lost and private philanthropy is lost right along with it dollar for dollar.
Government is made of political ideology.
Government is made up of living institutions.
Government is mainly repressive, checking disorder and providing the conditions for instruction.
Government is management rather than national sovereignty.
Government is merely a particular solution to the public problem.
Government is mindful of the importance of holding the line on taxes.
Government is more efficient and doing more with less.
Government is more equitable when there is increased citizen participation.
Government is more lacking in confidence than ever before.
Government is more open now.
Government is more than an arbiter among the wealthy.
Government is most active at the local level.
Government is most responsive to the common needs of a united group of citizens.
Government is much more like commercial in the quality of the product that they re buying.
Government is naturally gnostic.
Government is necessary to help establish a more just, fair, and humane society.
Government is necessary.
Government is neither a mother nor a father.
Government is neither bad nor good.
Government is neither good nor bad.
Government is neither the first nor the last resort.
Government is never a source of goods.
Government is never static.
Government is no longer about making that kind of judgment.
Government is no longer representative of the people, but a self-propagating bureaucracy.
Government is no longer small, nor does it leave people free.
Government is no more a business than New Brunswick families are a business.
Government is no substitute for loving parents.
Government is nothing more than the formalization of the social contract itself.
Government is now in the business of competing directly with products produced by private industry.
Government is now one of the principal users of consensus standards.
Government is nowhere to be found.
Government is obligated to protect the public health.
Government is obligated to treat all citizens equally.
Government is obliged to secure rights.
Government is often at odds with itself, by design.
Government is often repressive and inefficient.
Government is one factor and an important one.
Government is one of the actors in governance.
Government is one of the key social organizations.
Government is one of the largest insurers of all, followed by employers.
Government is one of the seven major departments of planetary work.
Government is only a means.
Government is only a reflection of the people.
Government is only a tool, a means to an end.
Government is only a tool, and for the purpose of education it simply happens to be the wrong tool.
Government is only dangerous when it can be employed by and for antisocial personalities.
Government is organizations.
Government is organized force.
Government is organized violence.
Government is our common vehicle.
Government is our creature.
Government is our only and best defense for the development of a counterforce to corporate capital.
Government is our problem.
Government is out of control.
Government is overpriced because it's inefficient.
Government is part of society.
Government IS part of the problem.
Government is particularly proud of progress made thus far in the reconstruction of our country.
Government is people.
Government is polity
Government is polity.
Government is portrayed as dynamic, human, and vital rather than mechanical and legalistic.
Government is power.
Government is powerless to protect the community from development.
Government is prepared to make changes to the tax system to create a more positive business climate.
Government is problematic.
Government is public.
Government is pure, unadulterated force.
Government is quick to hold individual welfare recipients accountable.
Government is relatively well positioned in terms of having a shared IT infrastructure.
Government is responsible for ensuring the quality and availability of key public services.
Government is responsible for the formulation of laws and policies in all sectors.
Government is responsible to establish just welfare policy.
Government is rewarded with tax revenues climbing because of the doubling of trade.
Government is rife with delineations, many of which baffle an untutored member of the public.
Government is risk-averse by design, and research is quite the opposite.
Government is run, in other words, with the people's consent.
Government is Santa.
Government is seized of all the aspects of the matter and is taking it very seriously.
Government is serious business.
Government is services.
Government is set up to accomplish a lot of different things.
Government is slow to fix things.
Government is so slow.
Government is social control.
Government is society's largest employer.
Government is sometimes on the other side.
Government is sort of the last to get it.
Government is sound asleep.
Government is still safety regulator.
Government is still the primary employer and that exists in Senegal and the other countries too.
Government is still the problem.
Government is supported by resources drawn from the economy.
Government is supposed to be for the people, by the people.
Government is supposed to be self-correcting.
Government is supposed to be shrinking itself.
Government is supposed to be the servant of free citizens.
Government is supposed to be the servant of the people.
Government is supposed to represent the interests of the citizens.
Government is supposed to serve taxpayers.
Government is supposed to serve the people.
Government is supposed to stop train wrecks.
Government is susceptible to lobbying from powerful industries.
Government is systems.
Government is technique.
Government is the act of governing, of exercising control and authority.
Government is the administrative apparatus of sovereignty.
Government is the agency that holds a monopoly on the legal use of physical force.
Government is the agent of depravity.
Government is the agreements by which people live together.
Government is the answer.
Government is the antithesis of the Internet.
Government is the art of managing the affairs of a community.
Government is the availability of broadband.
Government is the biggest patriarchal institution in our culture.
Government is the biggest single advertiser in the country.
Government is the biggest threat to privacy.
Government is the democratic foundation for public participation.
Government is the employer of last resort.
Government is the enemy.
Government is the environment's friend.
Government is the essence of monopoly.
Government is the facilitator of linking information.
Government is the formal institutions that have legitimate decision making authority.
Government is the fount of all that is good in our lives.
Government is the framework through which people work.
Government is the great enabler.
Government is the great invader of our privacy, mail and otherwise.
Government is the great moral hazard.
Government is the great teacher.
Government is the institution that helps balance the needs, opportunities and responsibilities.
Government is the key.
Government is the largest employer on the island.
Government is the largest single creator and collector of information in the country.
Government is the least efficient way to accomplish national goals.
Government is the main patriarchal institution in our culture.
Government is the main problem.
Government is the major employer in the cash economy.
Government is the major source of forced exchanges, the most prominent of which is taxation.
Government is the means by which society seeks to identify, achieve, and protect the common good.
Government is the most cumbersome, ineffective, and expensive way to handle any dispute.
Government is the only structure that can adequately address global problems.
Government is the opiate of the wealthy.
Government is the political engine.
Government is the power of the purse backed by that of the sword.
Government is the principal economic activity, as measured by employee earnings.
Government is the principal economic sector, as measured by employee earnings.
Government is the problem.
Government is the provider of services for customers.
Government is the public's business.
Government is the reflection of collective consciousness.
Government is the servant of the people.
Government is the servant of the sovereigns and the masters.
Government is the single biggest advertising client in the country.
Government is the single largest client of the construction industry.
Government is the single largest employer on the three islands.
Government is the single largest purchaser in the country.
Government is the sole entity authorized to wield coercive power against private citizens.
Government is the source of education.
Government is the sum total of rights transferred-and exists to protect the rights retained.
Government is the team s only focus.
Government is the team's only focus.
Government is the tool of the moneyed powers.
Government is the ultimate repository of force in a society.
Government is the use of force.
Government is the way to do it.
Government is the wooden spoon.
Government is the worst abuser of the environment.
Government is the worst polluter.
Government is there to support the individual against the mob.
Government is therefore an illusion.
Government is therefore most evidently founded on the necessities of our nature.
Government is thus an exercise of sovereignty, or else a power delegated by sovereignty.
Government is to all intents and purposes non-existent.
Government is to be conducted through the ruler's moral example.
Government is to be guided by religious values.
Government is to equally protect individuals.
Government is to protect the righteous and punish the wicked.
Government is to protect the weak for the strong.
Government is to rule with justice for every person.
Government is to stay out of the affairs of religion.
Government is too big and important to left to the politicians.
Government is too big and spends too much of our money.
Government is too big and too bossy.
Government is too big, too bloated and too much involved in our everyday lives.
Government is too big.
Government is too confrontational with labor.
Government is too expansive as well as expensive.
Government is too intrusive already.
Government is top down.
Government is top-heavy.
Government is under increasing pressure to reduce costs.
Government is under intense pressure to reduce public spending.
Government is under pressure from both ends of the divide.
Government is used for management.
Government is used for oppression.
Government is very friendly to business.
Government is very interested.
Government is very much like a force of nature.
Government is very sensitive to privacy issues.
Government is way out of bonds when it says that killing another human being is alright.
Government is way too damn big.
Government is what keeps things running in the community, more or less.
Government is what needs changing.
Government is wider than politics.
Government is worthy of the name only if it has the ability to prevent problems.
Government is worthy of the support of every American citizen.
Government is, above all else, a protection racket.
Government is, after all, only men with power.
Government is, and always has been, a matter of balance.
Government is, in every instance, that point where human imagination has failed.
Government is, in fact, a cluster of little bureaucracies.
Government is, in part, the study of how people and groups compete for power and influence.
Government is, indeed, beginning to work better.
Government isa organization.
Government issues statements.
Government just can t do that.
Government just hands out checks and expects little in return.
Government just moves slowly.
Government kills and injures by, say, sending people to Vietnam.
Government kills off key escrow .
Government knows it exists legally only by the consent of the people.
Government knows nothing except what the people tell it.
Government knows that, when people pray, people have power.
Government lacks the authority to regulate commercial free speech.
Government largely shares the scientists' attitude.
Government launches campaigns.
Government launches investigations.
Government launches Op.
Government leaves young people out in the cold.
Government legends as told from a white perspective areas often amusing as tragic.
Government levies no tax on it.
Government likes to begin things - to declare grand new programs and causes.
Government likes to operate in the dark.
Government looks at innovators as if they are useless.
Government looks to it for industry positions on issues.
Government loves sheep.
Government loves the tax revenue, period.
Government loves to share in our good fortune.
Government lying on enemy atrocities is standard operating procedure in building support for war.
Government maintains total control over policy.
Government makes adjustment.
Government makes authority.
Government makes believe it is fighting corruption.
Government makes concessions.
Government makes decisions.
Government makes effort.
Government makes evidence.
Government makes it possible for the best people to rise to the top.
Government makes laws.
Government makes lots of spending mistakes too.
Government makes no reference to the legality of Trident.
Government makes significant effort.
Government makes the laws that govern our behavior.
Government makes the laws, and decides what s right and wrong.
Government makes two equal payments yearly to the student.
Government makes up about half of our applicants.
Government mandates sound great on the surface.
Government matters a great deal in our country.
Government means a State or local government or a federally recognized Indian tribal government.
Government means always coercion and compulsion and is by necessity the opposite of liberty.
Government means leadership and creative solutions when something terrible happens.
Government means politics.
Government means the best minds of the nation very good minds.
Government means the government of the United States of America.
Government merely lives off the substance of others while producing nothing of any value.
Government merits nary a word.
Government messing for enlisted personnel is available.
Government moves bills on radio, television.
Government moves to restore peace.
Government moves very slowly, technology and computers move very fast.
Government moves very slowly.
Government mucking about in the communications of the public is a much bigger problem.
Government needs accounting lessons, apparently.
Government needs better networks of social service providers, religious and secular.
Government needs checks and balances.
Government needs continuity and consistency.
Government needs entrepreneurs to identify opportunities and implement creative ideas.
Government needs Industry commitment to efficiency, effectiveness and support.
Government needs informed and committed citizens.
Government needs new tools to design and establish new forms of partnerships.
Government needs to actively discourage people from having more than two children.
Government needs to actively listen.
Government needs to address British cultural insularity urgently.
Government needs to address that issue as well as trying to retain what was good about our past.
Government needs to be involved intensely in medical research efforts.
Government needs to be limited to only a small percentage of our income.
Government needs to be more aware of their customers and become more user friendly.
Government needs to be more business friendly, in particular to small business owners.
Government needs to be more cautious when approving developments.
Government needs to be responsive to human needs.
Government needs to be stable.
Government needs to be there for the people who are legitimately poor.
Government needs to become the clinic to establish rules for life.
Government needs to change as a vehicle for funding.
Government needs to close the pay equity gap.
Government needs to come up with innovative and cost-effective ways of dealing with defaulters.
Government needs to continue to meet and coordinate activities in open meetings.
Government needs to do the same thing.
Government needs to establish early warning systems.
Government needs to get smaller and more efficient.
Government needs to have a more common interface.
Government needs to help workers access rapid re-employment.
Government needs to keep up.
Government needs to look at the expense versus the return.
Government needs to make it easier for private market to interact with it and get paid.
Government needs to make mature decisions about what to do with damaged people.
Government needs to make sure that things are zoned appropriately.
Government needs to model that behavior first.
Government needs to recognise it's the prolific development on a few properties causing the problem.
Government needs to recognize the challenge of the digital divide.
Government needs to regulations.
Government needs to share the risk.
Government needs to step in quickly and restore liquidity to the banking system.
Government needs to wiretap under legally restricted circumstances.
Government never creates a healthy economy.
Government never creates anything.
Government never gets anything from a simple quota.
Government never has enough money and the people who earned it always have too much.
Government never lowers costs.
Government normally requires some representation at board level.
Government now embraces it.
Government now faces a new challenge.
Government now intends to increase the extent to which it manages the salt industry.
Government now plays a less direct role in the housing sector than previous governments did.
Government now tries to regulate by law what formerly was regulated by behavior.
Government nowadays is too centralized.
Government observes due process.
Government obviously has a most vital role to play to protect our own computer networks.
Government offers consumer protection advice about home equity loans.
Government offers jobs.
Government offers little incentive to initiate more risk.
Government offers to fund European immigration .
Government offices commercial districts and tourist attractions are just a few steps away.
Government only has a small role to play.
Government only has money that comes from the taxpayers' pockets.
Government operates best in the sunshine.
Government operates by delegated powers.
Government orders the slaughter of infected cattle.
Government organizes itself fairly well on a vertical basis.
Government ought always to ask how legislation is going to impact the family.
Government ought to do all the things for which it is needed and for which it was established.
Government ought to stand on the side of parents.
Government owns land, and restricts the use of privately owned land, for a simple reason.
Government owns refineries.
Government owns the balance.
Government passes mandatory seat belt law.
Government pays a percentage of the wage of a journeyperson.
Government pays for the goods and services it provides through taxing and borrowing.
Government pays interest during in-school period.
Government pays interest during school, grace and deferment periods.
Government pays interest on all money it borrows.
Government pays interest while student is enrolled.
Government pays interest while student is in school.
Government pays on occasion of partisan anniversary for released militarymen.
Government pays portion of students salary as financial aid award.
Government pays the interest on behalf of the borrower while in school, grace and deferment.
Government pays the interest while student is in school and during grace period.
Government pays the interest while student is in school.
Government pays 'volunteers' to lobby for more spending programs.
Government places quantitative restrictions.
Government places restrictions.
Government plans for education there turned against bilingual education .
Government plans for education there turned against bilingual education.
Government plans no longer cover as much as they used to.
Government plans radioactive waste dump.
Government plans to change the law to deter and disrupt the work of terrorists in Britain.
Government plans to put in place temporary measures for the resumption of mining activities.
Government plans to tighten court appeal procedures for refugees .
Government plans tougher norms for exports.
Government plays a critical role as regulator.
Government plays a critical role in the capitalist system.
Government plays a crucial role in establishing the car as the dominant mode of transportation.
Government plays a crucial role in providing recreation land and resource management.
Government plays a major role in business.
Government plays a major role in the professional life of Tennessee's dentists.
Government plays a major role in the professional well being of Alabama's dentists.
Government plays a role.
Government plays a support role.
Government plays a supportive role.
Government plays key roles.
Government plays role in Internet commerce.
Government plays roles.
Government poses a greater threat to privacy than the private sector.
Government prepares deployment of genetically-engineered animal soldiers.
Government preserves inequality and privilege and can never be the means of liberating people.
Government pretends to be in a moral meltdown over fraud by the tobacco industry.
Government proceeds directly from the people.
Government proceeds regardless but government is grounded in politics.
Government produces maps.
Government produces nothing.
Government promises to help pay back losses.
Government promises to restrain the police have yet to produce results.
Government promotes excellence and choice in Ontario's postsecondary education system.
Government promotes foreign investment, particularly in areas of a development nature.
Government promotes smarter travel choices.
Government proposes building a new museum.
Government proposes longer sentences for sexual abusers and compulsory therapy.
Government proposes to introduce legislation dealing with electronic commerce in the near future.
Government proposes to phase out subsidies.
Government propping up of an unfair law relies on fear to stifle dissent.
Government protects against the worst excesses of monopoly.
Government provides a service to people, so it s especially important to have a policy in place.
Government provides a solution.
Government provides a vital role in a well-ordered society.
Government provides a well-rounded undergraduate education.
Government provides alternative food sources.
Government provides alternative sources.
Government provides assistance.
Government provides benefits.
Government provides career opportunities fre quently overlooked by science students.
Government provides components.
Government provides financial assistance.
Government provides food sources.
Government provides functions.
Government provides garbage pickup for sanitary and environmental reasons.
Government provides importance.
Government provides important components.
Government provides jobs.
Government provides money.
Government provides opportunity.
Government provides Rs.
Government provides security.
Government provides services.
Government provides sources.
Government provides support and services to enterprises.
Government provides the curriculum, the schools and universities, and the teachers.
Government provides the framework for prosperity to happen.
Government provides the policing, the justice, punishment and treatment for the victims.
Government provides the strong authority necessary for people to live together.
Government provides the verbs for journalistic sentences.
Government provides various facilities to NRIs.
Government publishes bills.
Government Publishes Implementing Directive for Declassification.
Government publishes new disability bills.
Government purchases for feeding programs can help.
Government pursues a deficit budget lowering taxes.
Government pursues family plan policy.
Government pursues policy.
Government puts convergence draft on the net.
Government puts laws on top of laws in an effort to gain control, yet nothing gets better.
Government puts patents online .
Government raises organized euphemism to a high art.
Government rationing leads three folks to fatten up an illegal pig.
Government realizes that laws that take values require compensation.
Government recalls thousands of children's products.
Government receives high quality, impartial advice.
Government receives intelligence.
Government receives payment for provision of the good through taxation.
Government receives proposals.
Government recognise the long-term impacts on children lives of childhood sexual violence.
Government recognises that small businesses are vital to the well-being of our economy.
Government recognises that the present tax system needs attention.
Government recognises users rights to organise.
Government recognizes problems.
Government recognizes that an educated population is vital to the future prosperity of our province.
Government recognizes that small business is the primary engine of economic growth in the province.
Government recognizes that some of our older persons live in difficult financial circumstances.
Government recognizes the important role that fisheries play in the development of the country.
Government recognizes the important role that nutrition plays as a cornerstone of good health.
Government recognizes the role technology can play in transforming the economy.
Government recommends nurse staffing standards.
Government records for lobster fishing date back over a century.
Government records on gun owners supposedly protect society.
Government regards any such demands as frivolous.
Government regards the current level of the budget deficit as too high, and plans to bring it down.
Government regulates elections today by regulating campaign finance.
Government regulates it and ensures equal opportunity.
Government regulates permissible investments, for safety.
Government regulators credential commercial vehicles.
Government rejects attempts.
Government rejects it.
Government rejects municipalities' request.
Government rejects plans for Chinese university.
Government releases exposure draft legislation on consolidations.
Government relies heavily on historical cost.
Government relies more heavily on payroll taxes to fund a variety of functions.
Government remain committed to normalisation of security as quickly as the threat allows.
Government remains committed to further reductions in the payroll tax as fiscal conditions permit.
Government remains committed to openness and accessibility.
Government remains strong because people think political authority and legal compulsion necessary.
Government remains the dominant institution in society and is highly centralized.
Government repays debt arrears to media sector.
Government reports further tests are needed.
Government reports impacting the steel industry.
Government reports on shell shock cases and so forth.
Government reports, articles, books, and more.
Government reports, hearings, and studies are particularly valuable when available.
Government reports, press releases, institutional information and publications.
Government representatiives requesting info can click here.
Government represents one of the biggest energy markets.
Government represents the best hope for support of clinical research training.
Government represents the people in the muddy waters of world events.
Government requests an observer.
Government requires contributions.
Government requires lenders to disclose the rules and procedures at the time the loan is made.
Government requires more than our money.
Government requires passive restraint system on cars.
Government requires services.
Government requires significant contributions.
Government requires use.
Government rescues big business.
Government resigns over defense policy.
Government resist Passage until few pen from the potato.
Government resources to 'policy' the protection of Tanzania's forests are very limited.
Government respects and protects individual freedoms.
Government respects and protects individual rights.
Government responds to consumer demand.
Government responds to public opinion if it is organized and communicated.
Government responds to report.
Government responds, saying it has no such obligation because no storage site available.
Government restricts our freedom to contract for health insurance and medical services.
Government rests on paper.
Government rests upon the goodwill of the people.
Government retains the right to impose taxes or duties in the future.
Government reveals scheme to get livestock moving again.
Government reviews political scene.
Government rewards irresponsibility and punishes responsibility.
Government rewards it.
Government rises from merely trying to punish and thus prevent violence to being a judge of souls.
Government routinely impedes trade, showing that the traders are owned.
Government rules on exports and imports.
Government run university for finance and commerce.
Government runs on information.
Government runs some of the schools but most schools are run by the churches.
Government says environmental lawsuits stymie endangered list.
Government says it has taken needed precautions, but others worry disease is already here.
Government says it's adequate, but nursing homes say it's inadequate.
Government scanning equipment assumes that the last two figures of any amount are cents.
Government scraps controversial timber deal.
Government seeks Internet encryption key .
Government seeks to expand British colonial cotton growth.
Government seeks to protect the greatest social benefit.
Government seeks to work with everyone.
Government seems bent on ruining the environment under the most ridiculous pretexts.
Government seems distant, yet somehow domineering .
Government seems most likely to act where there is no public interest involved.
Government seems remote and all-powerful.
Government seems slower in accepting the societal role of trade unions.
Government seems to be enforcing the ban with vigour.
Government seems to have put a premium on personal transportation rather than public transport.
Government seems to tend toward centralization and bureaucracy.
Government sees and invokes the penalty.
Government seizes private property.
Government sells it.
Government serves as catalyst and facilitator.
Government serves as the catalyst for action and change.
Government serves best when it welcomes scrutiny and seeks participation.
Government serves citizens by -Promoting economic growth.
Government serves citizens.
Government serves many masters, operates at a deliberate pace and tries to minimize risk.
Government serves no good purpose by policing against actions that no one has incentives to pursue.
Government serves people best when it has the financial resources to meet citizens' needs.
Government serves the people.
Government sets both the wage of a fire fighter and the price of a bench.
Government sets criteria for fees for use of frequencies.
Government sets goals.
Government sets minimum levels of solvency and good management.
Government sets new recycling targets for local councils .
Government sets prices.
Government sets the rules.
Government sets the tone by declaring war - as a result the drug civil war rages.
Government sets up special taskforce to look at economic impact of disease.
Government sets up the rules of the game for many of the structural change factors involved.
Government shakes down a small group to buy votes from a large one.
Government shames smokers with regulations and advertising campaigns.
Government shoots one cow, milks the other, and pours the milk down the sink.
Government shouldtake only what it needs and stop there.
Government shuts down.
Government simply has no right to meddle in such private communications.
Government simply lacks the tools to create a virtuous person.
Government simply pays little or no attention to what it owns.
Government slips into teporary minority.
Government spending itself causes economic damage.
Government spending on health care drives up demand, and makes further subsidies harder to resist.
Government spending on, say, early childhood education is also an act of saving and investment.
Government spends billions to support farmers and bolster their standard of living.
Government spends when the private sector saves.
Government stake All governments have a stake in the protection of their constituents.
Government stands impeached and impoverished, along with democratic politics itself.
Government stands in the way of helping the needy at almost every turn.
Government stands proud to be neutral.
Government stands to profit also.
Government starts database to detaiil medical experiments to help patients.
Government starts new campaign against right wing violence Berlin.
Government stats on employment rates.
Government steals property.
Government steps in to offer a sort of alternative form of welfare capitalism.
Government steps up counter-measures.
Government stifles where it tries to help.
Government still controls all or most of the large-scale manufacturing industries.
Government still denies extend of catastrophe.
Government still has a major impact on employment in the region.
Government still has a role in setting standards.
Government still has a role, despite protestations that the web is uniquely averse to regulation.
Government still has power, and even multinational organizations still obey edicts.
Government still has the primary role in information dissemination.
Government still matters.
Government still owns most of the means of production and property.
Government still plays too dominant a role in the capital markets.
Government still regulates airline safety.
Government stops providing a service and lets the private sector assume the function.
Government stresses no new burdens on basic services.
Government subsidizes science foundations, teacher grants, and such like.
Government subsidizes the premiums for the elderly, disabled, and low-income people.
Government succeed Knives toward representatives between all billiards light after held off a bus.
Government sues an industry with the help of trial lawyers.
Government suffers when it lacks citizen participation.
Government suggests possible link to patriot militia groups.
Government supports agricultural research.
Government supports and protects thievery by market operators selling bogus receipts.
Government supports education in a variety of ways.
Government supports faltering businessmen.
Government supports farmers by affecting the supply or demand.
Government supports some programs for women's ownership and licensing of media outlets.
Government supports the effects of technology and learning.
Government suppresses diversity and takes away responsibility.
Government suspends army counterinsurgency campaigns.
Government takes a very large share.
Government takes action to improve hospital emergency services .
Government takes actions.
Government takes active roles.
Government takes all the risk.
Government takes and spends nearly half of the nation's income.
Government takes care of the basics.
Government takes decisions affecting interest rates, inflation, spending and unemployment.
Government takes few steps.
Government takes first steps.
Government takes important first steps.
Government takes important steps.
Government takes in and spends record amounts of money.
Government takes money from taxpayers and gives it to teachers.
Government takes no action.
Government takes on many of the most difficult issues in our society.
Government takes over all merchant ships over twenty-five hundred tons building in United States.
Government takes roles.
Government takes seriously the call for a racism barometer and a racism audit.
Government takes steps.
Government takes taxes, and government spends taxes.
Government takes the remainder of the money and gives it to other people who are poor.
Government takes the view that subgroups are expendable, an attitude that is unethical.
Government takes two to three times as much in taxes as the oil companies make in profits.
Government taxes too much, regulates too much, interferes too much.
Government tells media, politicians to end conflict.
Government tend to take a little longer for processing due to having to obtain a full appraisal.
Government tenders on-line.
Government tends to be seen as a positive force.
Government tends to be the first thing a neocon reaches for in a crisis.
Government tends to be the limiting factor in much of Africa with respect to business opportunities.
Government then coerces citizens to conform or else.
Government then denies the permit.
Government then passes the profitable components over to private corporations for exploitation.
Government then sets up complex rules about various types of trusts.
Government thinking shapes events.
Government thinks success comes from spending more rather than spending less.
Government thinks they're doing it wonderful.
Government threatens to take licenses and put stations up for sale for speaking out.
Government thus becomes the practical application of the divine in the interests of men.
Government thus reserves the power to decide what is legitimate.
Government too bears some responsibility.
Government tos respond to emergencies.
Government tracks food buyers Just a note on the government tracking our food supply.
Government traditionally pays less than private employers.
Government transcends all sectors in a society.
Government tries to buy books it banned.
Government tries to control inflation through monetary policy.
Government tries to cover up the existence of a deadly organism that has been retrieved from Mars.
Government tries to grab control of the Internet.
Government tries to impose strike deal.
Government tries to take care of all our needs and thus undermines personal responsibility.
Government turns providers into hostages to state funding.
Government undermines the independence of providers.
Government understands development to be a multi-faceted phenomenon.
Government understands their concerns regarding oil prices.
Government units Political boundaries, such as city and county borders.
Government upholds additionality principle.
Government urges coordination with local government.
Government uses a variety of consultation methods.
Government uses assessments.
Government uses death penalty methods.
Government uses fiscal and monetary policy to control the economy.
Government uses force, or the threat of force, to take from some and fund others' projects.
Government uses forced labor.
Government uses methods.
Government uses the driving privilege to enforce unrelated laws.
Government uses wealth where private industry creates wealth.
Government values the clear writing talents that are developed in historical training.
Government vows to penalize doctors who recommend pot.
Government walks a thin line in dealing with cigarette regulation .
Government wants a pipe right to the voters.
Government wants children's programming commercial-free Berlin.
Government wants oversight of biofoods.
Government wants someone to present a good public relations picture.
Government wants to accelerate income tax reform Berlin.
Government wants to do something for promotion of tourism in the valley.
Government wants to free up the telecommunications but at the same time they want to control it.
Government wants to limit competition for electrical power Berlin.
Government wants to promote renewable energy sources Berlin.
Government wants to promote the use of bicycles in South Africa.
Government wants to quell the flourishing poverty through the baby programme poverty alleviation.
Government wants to subsidize the attack on the environment.
Government wants, and needs, to take advantage of the new potential of the networks.
Government wears no clothes.
Government works best when it relies on the good judgment and common sense of the people themselves.
Government works differently.
Government works for the common good.
Government works on an award model and academia works on an expenditure model.
Government works to redistribute income through taxes, subsidies, and transfer payments.
Government works with industries.
Government wrings their hands and forms committees to solve the problem.
Government writing often concerns abstract subjects.
Governments abandon paper publications.
Governments abrogate treaties.
Governments acknowledge it exists and that they have a responsibility to act to eliminate it.
Governments act to implement the formal terms agreed to during negotiations.
Governments adopt a free market, competitive policy stance toward education.
Governments agree it is a global crisis.
Governments agree that many such groups hold views that reflect a broad swathe of public opinion.
Governments agree to intensify efforts to reduce demand and supply of illicit drugs.
Governments allocate enormous resources for social programs.
Governments alone can brutalize thousands, or millions.
Governments already regulate all types of business.
Governments also argue that corruption or incompetent management is causing the non-payment.
Governments also can and do use fraud to avoid using the violence of force.
Governments also contract with the private sector to speed implementation of projects.
Governments also control people and decide things about what morality to accept or punish.
Governments also create opportunities and barriers for entrepreneurship.
Governments also debate between curiosity and stability.
Governments also encourage unsustainable logging practices.
Governments also find it difficult to disseminate early warning.
Governments also have a role.
Governments also have an important role to play.
Governments also have policies.
Governments also have to ensure fair and equitable treatment of users and consumers.
Governments also have to set policy for public employment.
Governments also insure poorly regulated domestic financial markets.
Governments also look set, yet again, to ignore six years of human rights atrocities in Algeria.
Governments also manifest a set of values regarding the rights of their citizens.
Governments also play a role in the outcome.
Governments also profit because they are realizing a windfall in new sales taxes.
Governments also provide subsidies for many purposes.
Governments also provide tax relief to individual and corporate donors.
Governments also publish bibliographies on a broad range of subjects.
Governments also publish hearings, laws, and regulations.
Governments also renounce to levy new taxes or fees.
Governments also subsidize energy prices in more indirect ways.
Governments also use it to highlight safe sex or to warn against drunken driving.
Governments also use such statistics when formulating public and monetary policy.
Governments also use taxes to fund welfare and public services .
Governments announce policies indispensable to independence and viability.
Governments appear as reluctant as lawyers to implement any such proposal.
Governments appear more optimistic, though.
Governments approach ALL problems as problems of making and enforcing regulations.
Governments are a living contradiction.
Governments are absolutely strapped.
Governments are active but require coordinated policy framework.
Governments are already committed to start new negotiations in agriculture and services.
Governments are also likely to adopt appropriate macroeconomic policies to soften the downturn.
Governments are also responsible for the efficient use of resources at their disposal.
Governments are also to blame.
Governments are also very concerned about the availability of certain materials to individuals.
Governments are always coalitions of multiple parties.
Governments are always glad of good advice in complex situations.
Governments are among the most trusted and authoritative sources of statistical information.
Governments are another group that can use lots of buttons.
Governments are as shortsighted as the motorists to whom they pander.
Governments are bad because they try to save money.
Governments are bureaucracies that are typically slow to make decisions.
Governments are by no means perfect, but in most countries they are ultimately accountable.
Governments are cautious in their public statements.
Governments are committed both to trade liberalization and to promoting sustainable development.
Governments are corrupt, and even children are no longer respectful to their parents.
Governments are crummy entrepreneurs.
Governments are desirable business partners.
Governments are different.
Governments are famous for it as well.
Governments are Far from Simple.
Governments are far too much in the pockets of the military.
Governments are flawed in their very nature.
Governments are fond of their taxes.
Governments are for bread and circuses.
Governments are free to flaunt it with no penalty.
Governments are fundamentally inept.
Governments are good at wars.
Governments are good at writing checks.
Governments are here in Geneva now to negotiate and to take decisions.
Governments are important constituents to that process.
Governments are important partners in development cooperation.
Governments are important, but sometimes social problems require changes in hearts and minds.
Governments are in a position to profit from the sale of patient information.
Governments are in charge.
Governments are in complete denial.
Governments are in no position to meet the demand for funds all by themselves.
Governments are in the process of change and transformation.
Governments are in the thick of it, too.
Governments are increasingly powerless to prevent a run on their currencies.
Governments are ineffecient.
Governments are inherently racist.
Governments are insane.
Governments are interested in people as citizens.
Governments are interested in their politics.
Governments are invariably at war with their consumers.
Governments are involved to some extent in every aspect of land tenure and use.
Governments are justified in using force to prevent unions from causing economic harm.
Governments are largely the prisoner of events.
Governments are least interested in looking into the working conditions of the schools.
Governments are liable for damage caused on Earth by their space objects.
Governments are like that.
Governments are likely to do more to protect the environment.
Governments are likely to propose no specified time limits on the derogations.
Governments are looted wholesale.
Governments are lousy managers of businesses.
Governments are mere pieces of paper, to be altered and changed at the whim of man.
Governments are mixed, both good and evil, all the time.
Governments are monopolies because there is only one per country.
Governments are monopoly issuers of fiat currency.
Governments are most likely to develop such systems for computerized records.
Governments are much better at redistributing than creating wealth.
Governments are much like large corporations, funding research that serves their interests.
Governments are much more accountable to the people.
Governments are much more concerned with interests than they are with principles or ethics.
Governments are much more hierarchically organized.
Governments are necessary because of man s sinful nature.
Governments are no better.
Governments are no less critical of the subsidies granted by others.
Governments are no longer the lead players in the economic system.
Governments are now anxious to be seen to be taking a constructive stance.
Governments are now at pains to show they're responsive to citizens.
Governments are now more aware of the role of the industrial minerals in development.
Governments are nowadays encouraging private sector to extend mortgage finance.
Governments are often successful in streamlining regulatory approvals.
Governments are often unaware of innovation among their own services exporting firms.
Governments are often unprepared, ill informed, and slow to take action.
Governments are often very stupid institutions.
Governments are on heightened alert.
Governments are on the bandwagon.
Governments are only factors in the moral order.
Governments are political entities, and respond to consumers and businesses.
Governments are poor insurance agents.
Governments are primary holders of important information sources, ie.
Governments are professionals at stalling reforms.
Governments are reflective of the societies they serve.
Governments are reluctant to cut back on taxes because it limits their power.
Governments are reluctant to make such cuts because of the danger of mistiming.
Governments are reluctant to rein in their cities' growth.
Governments are responsible for ensuring the promotion and protection of human rights.
Governments are responsible for oversight including national emergency contingency planning.
Governments are responsible for protecting refugees on their territory.
Governments are responsible for regulating the economy.
Governments are responsible for respecting, protecting and promoting human rights.
Governments are responsible to citizens.
Governments are scared and reacting.
Governments are servants to achieve earthly justice.
Governments are simply better at coming up with new methods.
Governments are slow learners.
Governments are slow to respond.
Governments are slow to take action.
Governments are sovereign nations that can do what they want.
Governments are stable and committed to promoting computer literacy.
Governments are stable.
Governments are subject to many rules under local and state legislation.
Governments are the acknowledged experts in creating monopolies.
Governments are the biggest.
Governments are the greatest polluters in the world.
Governments are the greatest polluters on the planet.
Governments are the largest human rights violators across the globe.
Governments are the main rule-setters.
Governments are the ones created by man that lend themselves to corruption.
Governments are the only check against rampant capitalism.
Governments are the owner and the operator of many information systems.
Governments are the safest, with the U.S. on top of the list.
Governments are there to be able to interpret properly scientific guidance or advice.
Governments are there to be wise and knowledgeable.
Governments are to be blamed for many things.
Governments are to be laughed at, disregarded, resisted, thwarted or kicked in the butt.
Governments are to consider flood requirements in future infrastructure investments.
Governments are to look at their own policies and practices.
Governments are to maintain justice in the area of taxation.
Governments are to take the lead in persuading parents of the value of educating girls, for example.
Governments are too big and spend too much, they say.
Governments are too big and unwieldy to be humane.
Governments are too bound by the constraints of limited mandates.
Governments are too busy spending billions pushing anti-tobacco frauds.
Governments are unable to achieve ESD on their own.
Governments are under scrutiny.
Governments are under-funding animal control programs.
Governments are uniquely best at producing services which serve collective interests.
Governments are unlikely to trust each others' data without any independent review.
Governments are usually reluctant to reveal the basis on which decisions about immigration are made.
Governments are very crude on most occasions.
Governments are very defensive of non-native species like salmon.
Governments are very inefficient, and a lot of our taxes are wasted.
Governments are very protective of their agents, representatives, and distributors.
Governments are virtual corporations, with their heavy lifting privatized to commercial ventures.
Governments are welcome to apply as associate partners.
Governments are worried about technology that allows people complete security.
Governments are, and always have been, significant stakeholders in our business.
Governments are, of course, a constant threat to any independently evolved money.
Governments are, of course, anxious to blur the distinction.
Governments argue that regulation is necessary to prevent chaos on the airwaves.
Governments assess new ones all the time.
Governments assess progress in reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
Governments assign a different priority for exports.
Governments attempt to capture and punish hostage-takers.
Governments bear an obligation to monitor and enforce safety standards.
Governments become addicted to the money generated by state run lotteries.
Governments become corrupt, and the legal system is abused.
Governments become powerless to rule and anarchy takes over.
Governments begin with crime and conquest.
Governments benefit directly by the economic activity resulting from electronic commerce.
Governments benefit to the tune of millions of dollars.
Governments blame doctors for spiralling health care costs as they slash spending.
Governments borrow money to fulfill the demand for it.
Governments bring in the political dimension of development.
Governments bring media to heel through charges of treason, libel and threats of jail.
Governments build and maintain roads to the smallest mountain villages and prairie towns.
Governments build other roads for trade and to allow settlers into the forest .
Governments build other roads for trade and to allow settlers into the forest.
Governments build roads, sewer and water systems, and other infrastructure.
Governments can accept it, or reject it.
Governments can achieve a better performance when they can count on a majority in the legislature.
Governments can act as role models and market catalysts in developing the information economy.
Governments can act as role models and market catalysts in developing the on-line economy.
Governments can afford as many bogies, springs and shocks as they like.
Governments can also arrange to have public goods produced by other governments.
Governments can also enter the standards arena from a regulatory perspective.
Governments can also help by removing any legal or bureaucratic barriers to new businesses.
Governments can also include any other fund they feel is significant for separate reporting.
Governments can also play a key role in promoting flexibility regarding collateral.
Governments can also provide funding to help make things happen.
Governments can also provide platforms to foster thriving data markets.
Governments can also reform laws that indirectly discourage women's employment.
Governments can also require the purchase for their vehicle fleets of clean and efficient vehicles.
Governments can also take the initiative to adapt education to the digital economy.
Governments can always benefit by seeing what their peers with similar characteristics are doing.
Governments can always do something.
Governments can and do turn on their own people.
Governments can assist the private sector by promoting competition and liberalisation of markets.
Governments can be apathetic about the people, as well as people being apathetic about Governments.
Governments can be big, bureaucratic, and equipped with barriers to block people from access.
Governments can be very destructive if mismanaged.
Governments can become militarist, tribal or racist, communist or fascist.
Governments can become more smart and transparent by using information technology.
Governments can call an election any time in the fourth year after an election.
Governments can choose whether to phase-in emissions cuts slowly or rapidly.
Governments can condemn land only for a public purpose.
Governments can contain costs by targeting services narrowly so that they reach only the neediest.
Governments can contain costs by targeting services narrowly to the most needy children.
Governments can control the information by controlling access to the information.
Governments can coordinate without creating a new bureaucracy.
Governments can count on local organs to support decentralization initiatives.
Governments can decide which services they want to provide.
Governments can deflect criticism by blaming others.
Governments can design bids that make services increasingly available to the poor.
Governments can develop supportive national level legislation.
Governments can do it.
Governments can do much more to promote growth with equity, and equity with growth.
Governments can do much to throw open their doors to public scrutiny.
Governments can easily destroy incentives to build facilities at the right time and place.
Governments can encourage collaboration and nurture the sharing of knowledge.
Governments can encourage the development of new enterprises in a number of ways.
Governments can ensure that good health like economic development is treated as a societal priority.
Governments can facilitate such partnerships.
Governments can facilitate transfer with incentives by regulating and by improving institutions.
Governments can have a profound effect on the growth of commerce on the Internet.
Governments can have a profound effect on the growth of electronic commerce.
Governments can have elections and constitutions.
Governments can help build consensus and provide funding to help make things happen.
Governments can help by ensuring that infrastructure markets are open to competition.
Governments can help by offering incentives such as expedited permit approval and tax credits.
Governments can help by promoting open and competitive communications markets at home and abroad.
Governments can help in creating the right conditions for business and consumer confidence.
Governments can help show the way, but it's up to the private sector to make the running.
Governments can help to document and measure the impact of volunteerism.
Governments can however determine who has wealth and employment and how much.
Governments can influence interest rates by increasing or decreasing the money supply.
Governments can insure habitat protection by designating land and funding for national parks.
Governments can legislate against such efforts.
Governments can lose revenue and domestic companies can lose profitability.
Governments can make evil legal and do it all the time.
Governments can modernize their services, and offer more efficient support to their citizens.
Governments can negotiate market access and remove impediments to competitiveness.
Governments can never quite divorce their international humanitarian aid from the national interest.
Governments can never work alone to tackle major social issues such as racism and intolerance.
Governments can no longer afford to engage in a patron-client relationship with their citizens.
Governments can no longer be both a regulator and operator.
Governments can no longer deal with disasters only after they happen.
Governments can no longer define the rules of competition.
Governments can no longer hammer out agreements in negotiating sessions without public input.
Governments can no longer hide from the world.
Governments can no longer ignore the alternatives that railroads and passenger trains offer.
Governments can no longer increase their staff.
Governments can only act if they are supported by public opinion.
Governments can only do so much to help stop extinction.
Governments can only grant privileges.
Governments can only offer an open door and create an environment for healthy competition.
Governments can only talk effectively with a limited number of associations.
Governments can place tariffs or quotas on imports to restrict imports.
Governments can play a role, as well.
Governments can poll their constituents.
Governments can promote such involvement.
Governments can provide checks and balances.
Governments can provide incentives for volunteerism, including tax incentives.
Governments can provide leadership, advice, and technical and financial assistance.
Governments can provide the foundation, but it is business that really does the job.
Governments can reduce the barriers to the free flow of goods, services and capital.
Governments can regulate business up to a point.
Governments can remove the roadblocks to commerce.
Governments can request access to documents and other conference records contained in the archives.
Governments can resist other governments too.
Governments can restrict ownership of certain businesses.
Governments can rise or fall on their tax policies.
Governments can save specific jobs, however, the cost of doing so can be substantial.
Governments can shape the market to encourage productive investment, and tax away what is parasitic.
Governments can sometimes improve economic outcomes.
Governments can sometimes improve market outcomes.
Governments can take a number of measures to reduce future hurricane damage.
Governments can try to reduce demand.
Governments can use it in horrible new ways against citizens.
Governments can use refunding bonds to restructure debt service payments.
Governments can use their powers to harass, threaten, and intimidate industries.
Governments can use various approaches to supplement earnings for the working poor.
Governments can work with the private sector and establish codes, standards and labels.
Governments cause wars.
Governments cede sovereignty to corporations.
Governments certainly agree that the organisation has hit the big time.
Governments change regularly through an electoral process.
Governments change when nations become independent and new leaders replace old leaders.
Governments change, worlds shatter, stars fall in the space of a moment.
Governments claim also to be the authors of civil order and social stability.
Governments claim the schemes create job opportunities, yet they create few real jobs.
Governments clearly like to contract out to nonprofits.
Governments collect taxes on alcohol products.
Governments come and go and no one system stays in place for long enough.
Governments come and go and often are poor custodians of important items.
Governments come and go but labour always marches on.
Governments come and go every four years.
Governments come and go, but universities usually stay.
Governments come and go, sometimes quickly and without warning.
Governments come and go, technologies change, and economies evolve in that amount of time.
Governments come and go, the state remains.
Governments come and go.
Governments come and governments go.
Governments compete with each other to see who can give a bigger break to corporate prospects.
Governments compete with one another to provide the policies their electorates want.
Governments confirm their requests for Fellows during the placement tours or shortly afterwards.
Governments consider suspension of rules.
Governments consume wealth, while free people and free markets create it.
Governments continually face difficult decisions in a complex world.
Governments continue to believe the opposite.
Governments continue to come under pressure from some producers to maintain protection.
Governments continue to ignore women's work at their peril.
Governments continue to postpone regulation on the assumption that it is a distant reality.
Governments continue to refuse the right to prescribe it for medical use, however.
Governments continue to respond with financial and technical assistance.
Governments continue to set rates.
Governments continue to subsidize water due to opposition from farmers and urban poor.
Governments continue to try to restrict access, usage, and privacy.
Governments continue to violate the Recommendations of the Royal Commission.
Governments control distant public utilities effortlessly through remote data transmission.
Governments control power, and attempt to control the economy.
Governments control water use because it is critical to human and animal survival.
Governments count on ignorance and silence, and information and communication are our best weapons.
Governments create an environment in which entrepreneurship and producers can flourish.
Governments create lotteries.
Governments create monopolies.
Governments deal directly with each other, face to face.
Governments deliver services to their constituents to fulfill promises.
Governments demand all kinds of documents.
Governments deny, look away and forget.
Governments depend on a network of unacknowledged female support to survive.
Governments deploy a range of tactics to keep abuses under wraps and to evade accountability.
Governments derive revenue from goods shipped into their territory.
Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed.
Governments derive their just powers from the consentof the governed.
Governments desire to sell their bonds at the lowest interest rate possible.
Governments develop public policy to solve problems or to prevent potential problems.
Governments develop their own agenda.
Governments devote more of their resources to health and education.
Governments didn t commit to programmes to get rid of the sexually transmitted disease.
Governments differ in their openness to partnering with external donors.
Governments dismiss such scenarios.
Governments display little interest or concern in the provision of goods and services.
Governments disrupt such trends and plans at their peril.
Governments do best when they get on with governing.
Governments do earmark certain of their money for certain projects, so there is influence.
Governments do have a hugely important role.
Governments do have an important role to play, but it's the same one they've always had.
Governments do have an important role to play.
Governments do have choices.
Governments do have government-scale resources, after all.
Governments do have the power to check the power of the markets and global forces.
Governments do it all the time, looking at how things are done elsewhere.
Governments do it all the time.
Governments do it to build cash-rich markets for their businessmen.
Governments do just that, regularly.
Governments do pay attention to our well researched policies.
Governments do react when enough citizens express concern.
Governments do the same.
Governments do their best to restrict cryptography by their citizens.
Governments do what they can to present a pleasant image and prevent disruption.
Governments do, occasionally, take such measures, often in response to unusual market pressures.
Governments do, of course, have charges, and they perform many critical functions.
Governments don t care.
Governments don t save money governments spend money.
Governments dont publicize or make it easy to control and taxing their resources.
Governments employ a swarm of inspectors to enforce their complex web of regulations.
Governments employ approximately one-fifth of the total work force in the United States.
Governments employ it to track ineptitude and corruption.
Governments employ psychologists in hospitals, clinics, correctional facilities, and other settings.
Governments encourage foreign investment.
Governments encourage petitioners to explore submitting petitions from all three countries.
Governments encroach almost instinctively on privacy in their attempts to fight crime or dissent.
Governments enforce rules and regulations to promote social stability and mediate social conflicts.
Governments enjoy the seignorage of spending the money they print.
Governments especially have to care about their financial responsability.
Governments establish laws and regulations to keep names, records and information organized.
Governments eventually do the right thing after they've exhausted all other avenues.
Governments everywhere make their choices.
Governments exhibit a wide range of commitment to financing education.
Governments exist for the protection of the natural rights of every citizen.
Governments exist to decrease unnecessary misery.
Governments exist to ensure certain unalienable rights.
Governments exist to protect our lives, liberty and property from criminals and foreign invaders.
Governments exist to protect their citizenry.
Governments exist to provide basic needs to their citizens.
Governments exist to serve the common good.
Governments extend into every nook and cranny they can unless actively opposed and restrained.
Governments extract the gas from expired tritium drained out of hydrogen bombs.
Governments extracting money from people to fund actions the people abhor is immoral.
Governments face a challenging agenda of transforming incentives and institutional arrangements.
Governments face a number of difficult choices.
Governments face common challenges.
Governments face inherent difficulties in regulating the delivery of distance education.
Governments face two fundamental challenges in ensuring adequate protection of workers' rights.
Governments favour arms deals and advanced technology at the expense of meeting basic needs.
Governments favouring the nuclear option represent most of the world s population and wealth.
Governments fear the recognition of our rights.
Governments fiddle as hockey fires burn Our government is selling out our heritage.
Governments fight cases every step of the way.
Governments finalize persistent organic pollutants treaty.
Governments find little political incentive to commit themselves to an internationalist course.
Governments find themselves being controlled by the financial market.
Governments focus on changes in current spendable resources rather that total resources.
Governments follow the lead of developers.
Governments force mothers to go out to work, While millions of men are unemployed.
Governments form ghettos and institute their own form of apartheid.
Governments form the buffer between the rich and the poor.
Governments generally identify community service obligations and meet their cost.
Governments generate statistics.
Governments get it wrong.
Governments get more bids in a more open marketplace.
Governments get more desperate and unleash a flood of regulations and controls.
Governments get their power from the individuals they govern.
Governments give all manner of excuses for denying asylum and pushing back refugees.
Governments give companies special rights to make and sell products that they invent.
Governments grant privileges.
Governments hate it because it means they lose control of their economy, but it is going to come.
Governments hate it.
Governments hate non-violent direct action because it makes clear when a democracy is failing.
Governments have a crucial role in macro-economic management.
Governments have a disappointing record of picking industrial winners and losers.
Governments have a duty to ensure that basic services are provided on a basis of equality to all.
Governments have a good record in acting on the board's recommendations.
Governments have a huge vested interest in continuing with the expansion of the industry.
Governments have a huge volume of information.
Governments have a key role in minimising regulatory risk.
Governments have a key role to play in alleviating poverty.
Governments have a key role to play.
Governments have a long history of imposing price controls on a wide range of goods and services.
Governments have a moral responsibility to guide development towards what is just and equitable.
Governments have a number of instruments which can be used to affect private markets.
Governments have a police force to make sure people follow the laws.
Governments have a responsibility to implement such policy.
Governments have a responsibility to institute emergency measures to respond to the crisis.
Governments have a responsibility to lead the drive toward greenhouse gas reduction.
Governments have a responsibility to manage water for the national welfare.
Governments have a right to take private property for public use.
Governments have a role in monitoring claims and educating broadly.
Governments have a role to play in allocating responsibility for what happens in the market.
Governments have a significant role to play in environmental challenges.
Governments have a stake in channeling participation to conventional channels to maintain order.
Governments have a tendency to become degraded and corrupt.
Governments have a unique role to play in our lives, as do the other institutions.
Governments have a very short range vision.
Governments have a vital interest in standards as well.
Governments have all sorts of commitments and priorities.
Governments have all sorts of ways to coerce legal compliance.
Governments have an enduring responsibility that spans generations.
Governments have an important role in creating more sustainable patterns of consumption.
Governments have an important role in the new economy.
Governments have an important role to play here.
Governments have an important role to play in poverty reduction.
Governments have an inherent tendency to squander resources.
Governments have an obligation to administer such plans fairly and objectively.
Governments have an obligation to provide a nuclear umbrella for the security of their people.
Governments have an obligation to remedy wrongs that predate and survive living citizens.
Governments have authority.
Governments have both a legal and a moral responsibility to fulfill that obligation.
Governments have concerns as well about collusion and price fixing.
Governments have deeper pockets than citizens.
Governments have important roles in the initial stages as well as in the supportive capacity.
Governments have in place legislation limiting workplace noise levels and exposure times.
Governments have inadequate resources.
Governments have international bonds.
Governments have learn to swim campaigns.
Governments have legitimate roles as representatives of interests of citizens.
Governments have less tax revenues.
Governments have many reasons to continue buying and selling.
Governments have many ways of influencing educational practice.
Governments have multiple budget priorities, and many are cash strapped.
Governments have no accountability.
Governments have no business being in investing.
Governments have no business in business.
Governments have no choice but to react and follow.
Governments have no independent source of income.
Governments have no money other than taxpayers' money.
Governments have no monopoly of wisdom on securing the route to peace and stability.
Governments have no source of revenue other than the tax payers.
Governments have no such incentives, here assumed zero.
Governments have numerous submissions put to it.
Governments have obviously moved well beyond discussing the science - that's a good development.
Governments have only 'aid lip service.
Governments have or are in the process of phasing in tougher legislation to restrict their emission.
Governments have other shortcomings.
Governments have plenty of ammunition to use to fight off recession.
Governments have plenty of architects.
Governments have plenty of guns.
Governments have plenty of tools.
Governments have political power.
Governments have some sort of reverse Midas touch where everything they touch turns to crap.
Governments have the ability to protect consumers from such predatory behavior.
Governments have the duty to help cyclists.
Governments have the option of regulating or taxing a product with a perceived problem.
Governments have the right to be wrong and still be supported in their decisions.
Governments have the right to counter any threat to public order.
Governments have the right to ethnically clean without international interference.
Governments have the right to expect civil obedience.
Governments have the right to intervene in the information relationships among private parties.
Governments have their own mandate on self determination.
Governments have their reasons of state.
Governments have three additional responsibilities related to the establishment of food controls.
Governments have to abide by budgets, or get ready to be in serious trouble or bankrupt.
Governments have to act in an objective manner for there to be a sense of trust.
Governments have to balance potential conflicts between the public good and private monopoly.
Governments have to be able to act.
Governments have to be held accountable to their election promises.
Governments have to be held accountable to their people and responsive to their needs.
Governments have to compete with each other to provide the most lucrative business climate.
Governments have to find alternative resources to fund social programmes.
Governments have to have priorities.
Governments have to keep up.
Governments have to look beyond the next election.
Governments have to rethink openness.
Governments have to take the back seat.
Governments have to urgently determine how to reduce children's exposure to hazards.
Governments have to work with the legacies of past policies and development structures.
Governments have too much say in marketing boards.
Governments have two sorts of policies with profound effects on the development of virtue.
Governments have very strict rules about work permits.
Governments have yet to agree on some aspects of e commerce taxation, for instance.
Governments have yet to agree on some aspects of e-commerce taxation, for instance.
Governments have yet to become learning organizations.
Governments have yet to comment on their plans.
Governments have, but the societies themselves - never .
Governments hold international reserves mostly in dollars.
Governments hold the key to opening their markets to the products of poor countries.
Governments however change, and make no mistake, our future lies in our hands, no-one else's.
Governments impose income distributions by taking from some people and giving to others.
Governments improve policing and introduce interventions to reduce criminal behaviour.
Governments increase spending and cut taxes to boost aggregate demand.
Governments increase the size of espionage establishments and increase domestic surveillance.
Governments increasingly find themselves incapable of managing many of the challenges they face.
Governments incur huge opportunity costs when resources are allocated to the military.
Governments inevitably face great social and political pressures when economies slow down.
Governments influence on economic situations.
Governments inform themselves through intelligence as well as diplomacy.
Governments insist on keeping accreditation in their hands and typically behave inflexibly.
Governments instead prefer to hide behind talk of better aid targeting.
Governments interfere with and control the economy in many ways, and they are also a part of it.
Governments intervene all the time.
Governments intervene in the free flow of trade for cultural, political, and economic reasons.
Governments invariably choose a local investment banker as the lead or co-lead underwriter.
Governments invest heavily to maintain and increase the production of trout and salmon.
Governments invest in sport because it returns both tangible and intangible benefits to the nation.
Governments just can t move fast enough.
Governments just lack the resources to manage the crisis.
Governments just laugh off the stigma they bear.
Governments keep a lot of secrets from their people.
Governments keep all kinds of records about people.
Governments keep changing the rules.
Governments keep increasing their efforts, only to reap ever-growing numbers of homeless.
Governments kill more people than wars.
Governments know how to use the tools they are given.
Governments know that there is a problem with the way investment policy now works.
Governments know the importance of protecting the reputation of the tourist industry.
Governments lack legitimacy, and Middle Eastern leaders are mired in double talk.
Governments lag behind the pace of globalization.
Governments launder ivory by registering stockpiles, regardless of where they came form.
Governments learn from each others' experiences as the process continues.
Governments legislate that consumers get choices, which provokes consumer beneficial competition.
Governments levy taxes, for the most part, to cover the costs of their expenditures.
Governments like to pretend that the value of their currency is greater than it really is.
Governments like to put staff off as well.
Governments like to regulate what comes into their territory.
Governments lose a whole host of revenues including, most obviously, sales and excise taxes.
Governments love addicts.
Governments love sales taxes.
Governments maintain bureaus to investigate and to remedy elder abuse and exploitation.
Governments maintain the right to regulate services.
Governments make a series of investment decisions with uncertain outcomes.
Governments make comments and suggest amendments.
Governments make decisions about the world's climate and atmosphere.
Governments make decisions all the time based on economic projections.
Governments make great alliances to insure a prosperous future.
Governments make it happen.
Governments make laws that help people live safely and fairly.
Governments make laws, rules, and regulations, collect taxes and print money.
Governments make promises in two forms.
Governments make restitution to victims as a group or class.
Governments make rules when there is a problem.
Governments make the laws which enable each party to enforce the terms of the contract on the other.
Governments meet in Montreal to strengthen protection of ozone layer.
Governments monitor allies and enemies alike.
Governments negotiate free trade and investment agreements.
Governments never disarm themselves, only their slaves.
Governments never learn.
Governments never set prices at the right level.
Governments normally provide disaster relief and social services, but then so do private agencies.
Governments now control world supply.
Governments now face the more politically problematic task of implementing cuts in public spending.
Governments now have a visible and strong presence in cyberspace.
Governments now promote affirmative action for machines at the expense of workers.
Governments now seem prepared to work with health care providers to find achievable solutions.
Governments nowadays issue, or sell , bonds when they want to raise money.
Governments offer the world little in hope or vision.
Governments only come from societies whom allow to be governed.
Governments only have a few years between election campaigns to implement their policies.
Governments ought to be able to unload such assets when they are no longer a good investment.
Governments own land and the waters upon the land.
Governments panic and try to hide the facts.
Governments pass laws that maintain profits for the owners as a group.
Governments pay for airport construction, so it goes on interminably.
Governments pay interest on their borrowings, and the interest rate is set by the financial market.
Governments pay no dividends.
Governments pay the subsidies.
Governments play a game either in tax rates on mobile industrial capital or in public expenditures.
Governments play a key role in the provision of public goods.
Governments play catch-up in terms of legal code.
Governments play different roles in different countries.
Governments play leadership roles in disease eradication.
Governments play numerous roles in nuclear energy and radioactive waste management.
Governments pledge their allegiance to it.
Governments prefer unarmed peasants.
Governments privatize and contract-out the provision of services to the lowest bidder.
Governments promote such joint ventures.
Governments protect human rights and assure the freedom to enjoy the fruits of their labor.
Governments protect their citizens primarily from other governments.
Governments provide an opportunity to learn about actual environmental conditions.
Governments provide internal support to their producers in many ways.
Governments provide large subsidies to citizens of large cities.
Governments provide little to no land planning for forests.
Governments provide many excellent web resources for business.
Governments provide minimal services or funding.
Governments provide money to clean up the environment.
Governments provide most essential services, yet serious disadvantage remains.
Governments provide public goods when they use tax dollars to buy items for people.
Governments provide public housing as an important social equity measure.
Governments provide structure to the dealings between people.
Governments provide the legal and social framework for markets to operate effectively.
Governments provide the policy and fiscal framework which motivates private investment.
Governments publish information on a surprisingly large number of topics.
Governments punish marriage and thrift through their welfare and tax policies.
Governments raise revenues from production in the form of taxes.
Governments range from brutal dictatorships to weak democracies.
Governments react by coordinating policies at a regional level.
Governments really do exist to promote public welfare and safety.
Governments receive rather slow official feedbacks from the society at periodic elections.
Governments Regulate Natural monopolies- telephone, cable TV, power, water, sewers, airports, etc.
Governments rely on computers for their national defense, collection of taxes, and demographics.
Governments rely on numerous paper forms to enforce regulatory programs.
Governments represent people s efforts to collectively provide self-defense.
Governments repress their people.
Governments respond in kind.
Governments rest upon the statute book.
Governments restrict foreign competition to protect market share for locally owned banks.
Governments restrict trade through the use of trade barriers.
Governments retain their basic tools of fiscal and monetary policy just as much as they ever did.
Governments review the expert-approved chapters and the summaries.
Governments review their policies continually, as do private businesses.
Governments rise and fall because of it.
Governments rise and fall by the sword.
Governments rise and fall on emotion-energy.
Governments routinely provide quality bike facilities.
Governments routinely say there are too many seals eating too many fish.
Governments run hotels too, called states.
Governments say the agreements balance all forest values.
Governments see bilateral programs serving national interests more effectively.
Governments see forces for stability, prosperity, and security.
Governments see opportunities for stability and security.
Governments see the threat, no matter how far off.
Governments see their development efforts literally being washed away.
Governments see tourism as a logical alternative to industrialization.
Governments seek control, they seek power.
Governments seek enforceable human rights codes.
Governments seek our advice and assistance on reform and governance issues.
Governments seek the voluntary obedience of their populace.
Governments seem determined to end the market revenue insurance program in Ontario, too.
Governments seem incapable of responding.
Governments seem less able to offer social protection.
Governments seem to be making the correct choices.
Governments seem wholly incapable of responding, and public frustration is turning to rage.
Governments seem willing to overlook environmental damage.
Governments send arms to nations whose people are literally starving.
Governments serve the same kind of local political role as does user technology on the network.
Governments set policy parameters for the safe conduct of all modes of transport.
Governments shudder at the prospect of a large mobile home park being built in their jurisdiction.
Governments sift the electronic air for key words and phrases.
Governments sign documents to work together to protect the environment.
Governments sign solemn treaties.
Governments simply have to press on with their reform agendas.
Governments simply have to put in place comprehensive retrofit plans for our buildings.
Governments simply increase counter-terror tactics and harden their attitude to change.
Governments spend billions of dollars preparing for and pursuing war.
Governments spend trillions on everything from paperclips to cleaning services.
Governments spring up as an attempt to centralize the beliefs of a group of people.
Governments stake their credibility on the outcome of transactions or restructuring.
Governments still disagree over the proposed scope of the treaty's regulatory powers.
Governments still have enormous powers to change society through regulation and taxation structures.
Governments still own a substantial proportion of the steel industry, especially in Central Europe.
Governments still place national agendas above global interests.
Governments still prop up unsustainable businesses and underfund green initiatives.
Governments still store massive stocks of gold.
Governments stop and listen to power.
Governments struggle to achieve consensus on change.
Governments stumble in darkness.
Governments substance control policies are the only answer.
Governments suffer revenue losses and increased expenditures because of unemployment.
Governments supervise and regulate securities markets.
Governments support a wide range of cultural activities and venues.
Governments support no one.
Governments take a huge range of decisions which affect industrial success.
Governments take a longer time for such authorizations.
Governments take advantage of the benign environment to continue easing tight-fisted policies.
Governments take precisely the same attitude today.
Governments take steps closer to martial law.
Governments take up that inheritance all over the world, all the time.
Governments talk constantly of lifelong learning, of knowledge economies and of upgrading skills.
Governments tend to ask and answer their own questions.
Governments tend to be quite interested in taxing capital gains in one manner or another.
Governments tend to be very reactive.
Governments tend to go through boom and bust cycles.
Governments tend to impose majority opinion, while markets are the great solvent of prejudice.
Governments tend to impose the opinions and prejudices of the majority.
Governments tend to react to public opinion.
Governments tend to use over-simplified statistics to make decisions, and ignore other facts.
Governments tend to view practitioners and suppliers as quacks who prey on the sick.
Governments tend to view the medical health model as the only legitimate approach to health care.
Governments tend today to be more sensitive to the pressure of the public opinion.
Governments then have to limit both demand and supply.
Governments there tend to be on the weak side and they are easily challenged by small armed groups.
Governments thrive and weaken.
Governments thumb their noses at subpoenas.
Governments thus face a threat that is possible but unlikely to occur.
Governments too can harness the power offered by the information revolution.
Governments tout the Internet, but worry that it undermines their traditional authority.
Governments traditionally have greater access to the airwaves than rebel groups.
Governments train more than most Canadian employers.
Governments treat health care as an entitlement.
Governments trip over themselves to attract investment by offering favorable conditions.
Governments try themselves.
Governments try to be popular and to stay in the seat.
Governments try to decree and to enforce maximum commodity prices and minimum wage rates.
Governments try to soften the blow of free enterprise.
Governments try, every day.
Governments turn the same trick with street crime and criminal justice.
Governments typically borrow to pay for military action, driving up interest rates.
Governments typically encourage aquaculture because it is viewed as economic development.
Governments typically have several goals in trying to change the financing model.
Governments typically identify and regulate dioxin emission by point sources, such as incinerators.
Governments typically institute high tariffs to protect the infant domestic industries.
Governments understandably are desperate to boost their economies, but their task is tricky.
Governments undertake expenditures to pursue a variety of economic, social and political goals.
Governments use different kinds of taxes and vary the tax rates.
Governments use distortionary taxes to finance transfers to politically powerful groups.
Governments use general obligation bonds to finance services and projects for the citizenry.
Governments use it in schools.
Governments use laws primarily to control people so it can impose the maximum taxes possible.
Governments use police and military forces to enforce their desires.
Governments use some of the tax revenue collected to produce goods and services.
Governments use structure loans to make changes in how they operate.
Governments use the Internet in two ways.
Governments use their power to help business when it is in the public interest.
Governments use their power to negotiate down the price of drugs.
Governments use their taxing power to wrest from investors as much wealth as possible.
Governments use to manipulate the energy playing field.
Governments use tremendous amounts of paper to publish laws, regulations and decisions.
Governments view immigration differently, however.
Governments walk a fine line in shaping public opinion and maintaining legitimacy.
Governments walk a perilous line.
Governments warn of cost explosions.
Governments wish to maintain marine areas, a factor important to the tourism product.
Governments work to draw power into themselves, just as corporations do.
Governments worldwide are further behind than regular businesses.
Governments worldwide have a poor track record when it comes to large development projects.
Government always avoids responsibility.
Government always creates more of itself.
Government always gets more power with fear.
Government always regulates what it finances.
Government always takes advantage of the citizens' sense of loyalty.
Government always tends to overcontrol and to be corrupt, unless it is watched very closely.
Governments always continue the work of previous governments.
Governments always forget that.
Governments always impose regulations.
Governments always seem to be barking up the wrong tree.
Governments always verify.
Government frequently provides services because of flaws in private markets.
Governments frequently abuse the human and the minorities' rights in the name of security.
Governments frequently attempt to steer the economy by using fiscal and monetary policy.
Governments frequently commit themselves to quite incompatible conservation and development goals.
Governments frequently face multiple demands which require resources beyond their capacities.
Government often times is insular.
Governments often agree to cut subsidies or tackle corruption, but later backtrack.
Governments often consider it embarrassing to admit the existence of child labour.
Governments often cut funding for statistics under pressure of competing priorities.
Governments often do a poor job of ensuring competitive neutrality.
Governments often enact laws that force businesses to function ethically.
Governments often encourage the citizenry to save energy.
Governments often escape collaboration because they can write their own operating rules.
Governments often fail to make health care a spending priority.
Governments often justify their use of the death penalty saying public opinion favours it.
Governments often make rules about private postal delivery systems.
Governments often pass laws on the total number of school days for public schools.
Governments often promote tourism to promote understanding.
Governments often resort to the regulation of product lines and prices as well as technology.
Governments often stake their credibility on the outcome of transactions or restructuring.
Governments often stake their political credibility on the outcome of transactions or restructuring.
Governments often subsidize the corporate military industrial complex.
Governments often try to achieve tax equity by making their taxes progressive.
Governments often use licensing requirements as a subtle means of repressing speech.
Government sometimes can do the job just as well for a lower price.
Government sometimes conducts itself as if it has all the answers.
Governments sometimes choose to disclose CASs in draft form.
Governments sometimes develop their own voluntary codes, like the National Building Code of Canada.
Governments sometimes encourage the purchase of only domestically produced goods and services.
Governments sometimes impose it to avoid a strike or end one.
Governments sometimes impose it to avoid strike or to end one.
Governments sometimes make exaggerated claims for their human rights achievements.
Governments sometimes operate units that specialize in measurement of the Earth's magnetic field.
Governments sometimes pay legal fees for their officials or employees in criminal cases.
Governments sometimes resort to doubtful science to escape difficult political decisions.
Governments sometimes see judicial independence as a limitation upon their capacity to govern.
Government usually initiates policy to resolve an urgent social problem.
Government usually operates more smoothly.
Government usually works with all of the finesse and subtlety of Texas football.
Governments usually collect delinquent property taxes.
Governments usually get an incomplete and often slow picture from their field agents.
Governments usually get substantial discounts.
Governments usually know about a project beforehand - they have to approve it, generally.
Governments usually play a significant role in the financial system.
Governments usually prevent such people from publicizing their work.
Governments usually pronounce policy in relatively broad, vague terms.
Governments usually refuse to capitulate to the demands of terrorists.
Governments usually undertake major reforms only under the pressure of a crisis.
All government arises from the consent of the governed.
All government can do is compel.
All government can do is confiscate and redistribute wealth.
All government can do is raise the costs of finding it.
All government contracts to be under open contract.
All government departments, all banks and most shops are closed.
All government forms, all personal record change forms, instructions and a checklist.
All government forms, personal record change forms, plus instruction guide and checklist.
All government is founded in opinion.
All government is premised upon decisions today that can be changed by later decision makers.
All government is unjustified.
All government is, strictly speaking, executive.
All government needs to drastically downsize.
All government projects on-line, with documented initiatives.
All government shackles humans unnaturally and creates the conditions for all kinds of inequities.
All governments are big polluters, and the federal government takes a back seat to no one.
All governments are corrupt to one degree or another.
All governments are dictatorships of one form or another.
All governments are evil.
All governments are major energy users.
All governments are more or less combinations against the people. .
All governments are responsible for the health and safety of their citizens.
All governments are under pressure to compete for global business.
All governments are unjust.
All governments benefit from criticism.
All Governments butcher their own people.
All governments can benefit from implementing a long-term financial management plan.
All governments can make mistakes and even overlook minor warning symptoms.
All governments combine coercion and legitimacy.
All governments consider themselves and their countries models of democracy.
All governments do it.
All governments do, for reasons both laudable and questionable.
All governments earn revenue based on the economic activity in their respective taxing jurisdiction.
All governments exist by the abridgement of human liberty, and the more government the less liberty.
All governments face similar dilemmas of priority setting for and rationing of public resources.
All governments force their decrees on the people, and command obedience under threat of punishment.
All governments gather information about their citizens.
All Governments have a duty to ensure the security of their citizens.
All governments have a responsibility to protect and promote human rights.
All governments have economic policies.
All governments have obligations to uphold the rights of civilians and citizens.
All governments have problems with newspaper editors and owners.
All Governments have to make judgments on such strategic issues.
All governments lie, some more than others.
All governments perform nefarious activities - to one degree or another.
All governments readily understand the symbolic performance of construction.
All governments receive their power from the people and sometimes from spiritual sources.
All governments recognise that natural resources have to be carefully managed at the national level.
All governments regulate flows of money, products, and services across their borders.
All governments regulate the private sector in one way or another.
All governments seek to protect their farmers, but for China the stakes are particularly high.
All governments spy, at home and abroad.
All governments survive on theft and extortion, called taxation.
All governments turn into dictatorships of the bureaucracy.
Any government built on oppression is built on sand.
Any government can, if it wants to, ban imports and exports totally as of tomorrow.
Any government consists of only a small part of the total population.
Any government experience a plus.
Any government has a duty to protect people and property.
Any government has a tremendous amount of information.
Any government is able to define their time and time zones at any time relative to Greenwich.
Any government is better than civil war and anarchy.
Any government is better than no government.
Any government needs time to grow into the objectives it has set for itself.
Any government seeking to require tax collection by such a seller faces a formidable challenge.
Every government always contains a peace party and a war party.
Every government are prone to exaggeration of their achievements.
Every government can become genocidal.
Every government degenerates when trusted to the rulers of the people alone.
Every government does it as part of a huge zero-sum game.
Every government faces the issue of encouraging the creation of jobs in the private sector.
Every government falls prey to corruption.
Every government gathers information on a wide variety of subjects.
Every government has a range of Internet based programs and emerging plans.
Every government has policies regarding gambling by their citizens.
Every government has rules.
Every government has such a position.
Every government is a parliament of whores.
Every government is a sovereign government and has the ability to make any law in favour of life.
Every government is from the centre to the circumference.
Every government is the same.
Every government Liberally organized is free-thinking.
Every government needs human beings, but no human being needs governments.
Every government needs reforms at the national level, but in the end it is a global issue.
Every government represents a concentration of power to some degree or other.
Every government talks about it.
Every government tends toward corruption abetted by self-interest.
Every government thinks it's smarter than the ones that came before.
Many government brownfields laws offer some measure of potential tax relief.
Many government reports, for example, are already available online.
Many government reports.
Many governments act as if their job is done once they have signed a contract.
Many governments already have laws to protect private information.
Many Governments also help refugees settle in their countries by providing financial assistance.
Many governments appear willing to do just that.
Many governments are concerned about the proliferation of encryption products.
Many governments are convinced of the necessity of direct negociations between the two parties.
Many governments are currently unable to service their debt .
Many governments are eager to conclude agreement at the earliest possible date.
Many governments are excited about the Web s ability to offer forms online.
Many governments are excited aboutthe Web's ability to offer forms online.
Many governments are in the process of deploying and implementing e-governance.
Many Governments are in the process of reviewing their foreign policy on many fronts.
Many governments are often reluctant to accept refugees.
Many governments are still hostile to independent media.
Many governments ban the transmission of popular culture in their countries.
Many governments begin their fiscal year.
Many governments claim that there is no gender discrimination in the public service.
Many governments claim to be democratic, but few actually are.
Many governments continue to discourage travel to Borneo and Indonesia in general.
Many governments continue to maintain demographic goals as part of their development plans.
Many governments control public transport fares, ostensibly to protect poor public transport users.
Many governments depend on the oil industry for large portions of their revenue.
Many governments don t even admit they have indigenous peoples within their borders.
Many governments find it hard to watch one-time national champions slip into foreign ownership.
Many governments give medal and decorations during war and peace times.
Many governments have a vested interest in increasing drinking rates.
Many governments have both male and female representatives.
Many governments have laws regulating oil spills.
Many governments have laws relating to sex.
Many governments have security forces specifically for the purpose of monitoring people of faith.
Many governments have separate programs and systems dedicated to each.
Many governments incorporate procurement of recycled products into their general operations.
Many governments maintain limited-flexible exchange rate regimes which are prone to realignments.
Many governments now favour standby salvage arrangements.
Many governments oppress their people and abuse human rights.
Many governments rule through force rather than by consent.
Many governments run lotteries as a way to raise revenues for specific projects.
Many governments see election observation as important and it is a well funded activity.
Many governments sign contracts for police to guard private businesses.
Many governments spend billions subsidizing car travel by building elaborate road networks.
Many governments still own their nations' telephone service.
Many governments still use the death penalty to terrorize their opponents.
Many governments support condom promotion.
Many governments use resin to coat paper money.
More government begets more government.
More government is less control.
More government is less representation.
More government is more dealmaking.
More government is unnecessary.
More government means higher taxes, which means fewer private sector jobs.
More government means less freedom.
More governments seek to possess nuclear weapons.
Most government adopts goals.
Most government appoints workers.
Most government bans activities.
Most government builds airports.
Most government conducts investigations.
Most government considers high potential.
Most government considers potential.
Most government creates facilities.
Most government creates stances.
Most government determines policy.
Most government develops areas.
Most government develops residential areas.
Most government does tests.
Most government encourages economic growth.
Most government encourages growth.
Most government establishes areas.
Most government establishes manatee protection zones.
Most government establishes protect areas.
Most government establishes zones.
Most government estimates cost.
Most government expresses concern.
Most government expresses particular concern.
Most government finds recommendations.
Most government focuses on infrastructures.
Most government has ability.
Most government has agencies.
Most government has authority.
Most government has capacity.
Most government has cities.
Most government has critical infrastructures.
Most government has debts.
Most government has evidence.
Most government has functions.
Most government has infrastructures.
Most government has intentions.
Most government has interest.
Most government has jobs.
Most government has legal responsibility.
Most government has metro cities.
Most government has policy.
Most government has power.
Most government has protection.
Most government has regulations.
Most government has responsibility.
Most government has rights.
Most government has roles.
Most government has services.
Most government has surplus.
Most government is dull.
Most government is led by leaders.
Most government launches campaigns.
Most government launches investigations.
Most government makes adjustment.
Most government makes authority.
Most government makes concessions.
Most government makes decisions.
Most government makes effort.
Most government makes evidence.
Most government makes significant effort.
Most government needs to regulations.
Most government offers jobs.
Most government owns refineries.
Most government places quantitative restrictions.
Most government places restrictions.
Most government plays key roles.
Most government plays roles.
Most government produces maps.
Most government provides alternative food sources.
Most government provides alternative sources.
Most government provides assistance.
Most government provides benefits.
Most government provides components.
Most government provides financial assistance.
Most government provides food sources.
Most government provides functions.
Most government provides importance.
Most government provides important components.
Most government provides jobs.
Most government provides opportunity.
Most government provides security.
Most government provides services.
Most government provides sources.
Most government publishes bills.
Most government publishes new disability bills.
Most government pursues family plan policy.
Most government receives intelligence.
Most government receives proposals.
Most government recognizes problems.
Most government requires contributions.
Most government requires services.
Most government requires significant contributions.
Most government requires use.
Most government sets goals.
Most government takes actions.
Most government takes active roles.
Most government takes few steps.
Most government takes first steps.
Most government takes important first steps.
Most government takes important steps.
Most government takes roles.
Most government takes steps.
Most government uses assessments.
Most government uses death penalty methods.
Most government uses methods.
Most government works with industries.
Most governments applaud the efforts of mercenaries.
Most governments are better than chaos.
Most governments are on the lookout for such activity.
Most governments are prime examples of Administrations which have gone awry.
Most governments are the repositories of vast quantities of potentially valuable information.
Most governments consider it essential to the successful completion of economic reforms.
Most governments continue to represent the interests of mining corporations against people.
Most governments currently operate on administrative systems developed in the nineteenth century.
Most governments face a tension.
Most governments finance early childhood interventions out of their general revenues.
Most governments have a patent office, and there are usually branches in main centres.
Most governments have no idea how much it costs to deliver the services they offer.
Most governments have wide powers to levy and collect taxes.
Most governments impose a variety of payroll taxes on firms doing business in their district.
Most governments invest by subsidizing providers.
Most governments lack adequate legislation controlling toxic chemicals.
Most Governments maintain a mechanism to record developments in criminal activity.
Most governments now punish the worst polluters.
Most governments prefer to put money into activities, which are under their control.
Most governments represent the interests of mining corporations.
Most governments seem less interested in the health and well being of such people.
Most governments still like their currencies to be free of the gold standard.
Most governments still put seals on important documents .
Most governments still put seals on important documents.
Most governments still see hunger as a problem of production shortfall.
Most governments take the correct and sensible course of avoiding getting into that debate.
Most governments use the funds raised by tobacco excise taxes for general revenue.
Most governments use the traditional, annual budget.
Some government bans use.
Some government builds homes.
Some government buys cattle.
Some government confirms death.
Some government consists of ministers.
Some government consists of prime ministers.
Some government creates environments.
Some government creates minority parties.
Some government creates parties.
Some government destroys crabs.
Some government does jobs.
Some government employs workers.
Some government establishes parks.
Some government finds authority.
Some government focuses on accelerate agricultural productivity.
Some government focuses on accelerate productivity.
Some government focuses on agricultural productivity.
Some government focuses on obstacles.
Some government focuses on productivity.
Some government focuses on remove obstacles.
Some government gives evidence.
Some government has business.
Some government has communication gaps.
Some government has danger.
Some government has disaster risk reductions.
Some government has gaps.
Some government has hostages.
Some government has reductions.
Some government has regulators.
Some government hires biologists.
Some government hires wildlife biologists.
Some government includes fathers.
Some government increases resources.
Some government informs parents.
Some government is necessary.
Some government lacks experience.
Some government offers trials.
Some government owns countries.
Some government pays attention.
Some government produces convince evidence.
Some government produces convince scientific evidence.
Some government produces evidence.
Some government produces scientific evidence.
Some government provides exchanges.
Some government provides fishermen.
Some government provides goods.
Some government provides quality.
Some government recognizes marriages.
Some government recognizes rights.
Some government recognizes traditional marriages.
Some government requires child support children.
Some government requires children.
Some government requires degrees.
Some government requires farmers.
Some government requires master degrees.
Some government sells cattle.
Some government sells plants.
Some government sponsors literacy campaigns.
Some government sponsors production.
Some government takes care.
Some government takes notice.
Some government uses science.
Some government wills have opportunity.
Some governments actively discourage minority language use.
Some governments allow a third party to charge a convenience fee for the transactions.
Some governments also collect taxes from the owners of such property as stocks and bonds.
Some governments also pay low-income mothers a benefit to care for their children at home.
Some governments also require key recovery for law enforcement purposes.
Some governments also say good things about it that are echoed by the public.
Some governments also watch the Web for political reasons - like hoping to censor dissidents.
Some governments appear to be de-emphasizing their financial support of electric passenger cars.
Some governments are even worse.
Some governments are happy to frustrate progress.
Some governments are much more resolute in honouring their obligations than others.
Some governments are prepared to play America against Russia to get the weapons they want.
Some governments are reluctant to admit to a high prevalence of STDs.
Some governments are reluctant to install the cameras because of concerns over privacy.
Some governments are still, literally, getting away with murder.
Some governments are strongly committed to regional cooperation.
Some governments are too poor to sustain such a program with no outside help.
Some governments are very good at making people disappear.
Some governments argue that the death penalty is necessary in societies scarred by violent crime.
Some Governments believe there was more freedom to operate under the old system.
Some governments commit violations.
Some governments consider birth control morally decadent.
Some governments continue to pressure journalists to print what the government wants.
Some governments determine how accessible the Internet is and who can access it.
Some governments directly select carriers in a process called a beauty contest.
Some governments distribute obsolete equipment to other jurisdictions as a form of aid.
Some governments do better than other governments.
Some governments do, of course, resist establishing good governance.
Some governments even restrict people's choice to change religion.
Some governments even use the endorsement method in handling correspondence from the public.
Some governments exclude mental health from health priorities and planning.
Some governments forbid the capture of rare species of turtles.
Some governments have laws precluded sharing information received as part of a regulatory process.
Some governments have more resources available to dedicate to disaster risk reduction.
Some governments have very innovative programs.
Some governments levy a per-unit severance tax on mineral resources.
Some governments limit individual freedoms with time, place, and manner restrictions.
Some governments limit or restrict the use of cryptography.
Some governments provide group policies for students from their country.
Some governments provide more free services to other governments than they receive.
Some governments require signatories to sign and print their names.
Some governments seem to think there's a simple solution-just make everyone trackable.
Some governments simply cough up the dough, get their citizens back, and move on.
Some governments still have either a pretty skimpy or a rather unsophisticated online presence.
Some governments subsidize geothermal projects.
Some governments think so.
Some governments think the Internet is a bad thing, and block all or part of it.
Some governments undoubtedly do subsidize their exporters.
Some governments use sonar for radar to find submarines and military equipment.
Some governments use the commercial invoice to assess customs duties.
Governmental accountants work for federal, state or local governmental agencies at various levels.
Governmental accounting is concerned mainly with current debt.
Governmental action has to be clearly oriented to development.
Governmental action is needed in reducing expenditure under four major heads of current spending.
Governmental action is needed to limit environmental destruction.
Every governmental action affects each individual.
Governmental agencies are monopolies.
Governmental agencies are no exceptions.
Governmental agencies are subject to a separate fee schedule.
Governmental agencies contain no more of the higher immorality than do business corporations.
Governmental agencies continue to be similarly torn.
Governmental agencies differ wildly in what they require concerning nitrates.
Governmental agencies employ chemists in research and testing laboratories.
Governmental agencies exist to aid the people in the formation and conduct of public policy.
Governmental agencies know the value of maintaining a positive image in the eyes of the public.
Governmental agencies maintain a wealth of information, and the public is welcome to utilize it.
Governmental agencies publish most of their information online.
Governmental agencies require lots of documentation.
All governmental agencies have appeal processes.
All governmental agencies post key information on websites.
Every governmental agency has an office building just a couple miles away.
Many governmental agencies have their own web sites.
Many governmental agencies utilize encryption.
Most governmental agencies are concerned about the public having access.
Most governmental agencies have web sites that contain detailed information.
Governmental audit experience a plus.
Many governmental benefits are exempt regardless of value.
Governmental bodies are the most important source of statistical information.
Governmental bodies have cultures of their own.
Governmental budget is heart of a system of checks and balances with limited flexibility.
Governmental corruption is a continuing problem, particularly in procurement and contract tendering.
Governmental corruption is reported.
Governmental efficiency is one compromise that comes with life in the Virgin Islands.
Most governmental employees providing services on the North Slope remain a limited number of years.
Governmental entities are immune from punitive damages.
Governmental entities are likewise immune from liability for discretionary functions.
Governmental entities are stakeholders.
Governmental entities have a duty to defend and indemnify their employees in such actions.
Governmental entities have no difficulty in getting coverage.
Many governmental entities publish statistical abstracts focusing on data on their regions.
Some governmental entities are particularly difficult to get funds from on a timely basis.
Some governmental entities have their own claim forms.
Governmental failures abound.
Governmental fraud costs the government and all taxpayers.
Governmental funds handle most of the taxes and non business like expenditures.
Governmental immunity depends on the nature of the power the entity is exercising.
Governmental immunity embraces all activities that are incidents of running prisons.
Governmental immunity is applicable only to claims that seek damages.
Governmental inefficiency is the keynote.
Governmental intervention is always dangerous.
Many governmental issues are tax-exempt.
All governmental leases contain a non-appropriations clause.
Governmental measures can only be supplementary in nature.
Governmental officials can serve to coordinate the activities of the different committees.
Governmental officials tend to be negative to non Bangladeshi people.
Governmental organizations are also eligible to apply.
Governmental organizations are organizations.
Governmental organizations can be bureaucratic and typically have high overhead.
Some governmental organizations provide funding for certain students.
Governmental participation is a broader measure of the status of women in China.
Governmental personnel can complete permit and inspection processing at the building site.
Governmental policies are both studied and possibly facilitated as a possible outcome.
Governmental policies foster it.
Governmental policy aims at discouraging foreigners from residing here.
Governmental policy is still more illogical.
Most governmental policy is justified on the grounds to help the small farmer.
Governmental populists question the ability of politicians to resist iniquity.
Governmental positions are always open to any member who wants to occupy it.
Governmental positions are open to all members.
Governmental power belongs exclusively to the people.
Governmental power can also be the aim of populist reforms.
Governmental power ceases to exist for the people, but only for the selfishness of man.
Governmental power is a limited power conferred to the government by the people.
Governmental process exert control over others.
Most governmental processes are boring.
Governmental programs are programs.
Governmental programs can do and have done good.
All governmental programs aimed at the low-income population follow two lines of action.
Many governmental programs are better than private ones.
Governmental programming is quite complex, since it ties in with the person's natural abilities.
Governmental project experience a plus.
Governmental recognition is required to register property in the name of the organization.
Governmental regulation gets more exten-sive and more complete.
Governmental regulation is essential.
Governmental regulations are an enormous hidden tax on our economy.
Governmental regulations intrude into every comer of economic life.
Governmental regulations represent the minimum standards for organizational conduct.
Governmental relations experience a plus.
Governmental response is mostly political.
Governmental restrictions make it extremely difficult for missionaries to work in traditional ways.
Governmental services provide employment.
Governmental solutions help agencies make data-based decisions and policies.
Most governmental sponsors require standard reports used by federal and state agencies.
Any governmental statistics is unusual to find.
Governmental structures are a notable example.
Governmental subsidies make virgin materials less expensive than other alternatives.
Governmental taxes are additional.
Governmental tort claims.
Governmental units can adjust budgets, resulting in property taxes less than the projected amount.
Governmental units have several obligations under the new rules.
Any governmental unit is an entity subject to such an order.
Many governmental units carry debt.
Many governmnt programs are unncecesary.
A governor is a politician
Governor agrees to sign it.
Governor announces an industrial expansion, site to be announced later.
Governor announces appointments.
Governor announces major appointment.
Governor announces opposition to installing toll booths on existing Arkansas interstate highways.
Governor announces the release of eight technology improvement grants.
Governor calls for cutting the state's and the nation's divorce rate.
Governor calls special session on wetlands.
Governor can add other measures.
Governor can either sign a bill or veto it.
Governor comes first.
Governor decides which bills on the general calendar come to the floor.
Governor denies commutation request.
Governor denies commutations.
Governor extends welcome Welcome to Mississippi.
Governor give one reason why they are so powerful.
Governor incorporates load regulator and low lube oil shut down device.
Governor is a member, serves as the lead state entity for workforce development.
Governor is a tough job, but it makes a difference.
Governor is poised to resign for trappings in Ottawa.
Governor is strong education leader and has stayed on promising reform course.
Governor is to state that the requirement is met in the appointment document.
Governor is too remote.
Governor is, feel free to e-mail for questions.
Governor isa politician.
Governor makes decisions on budget allowances and budgets are printed.
Governor plans to form a committee to investigate diversity in the entertainment industry.
Governor pledges commitment to early childhood programs .
Governor presents the budget for Iowa.
Governor proposes to save money by moving patients from state hospitals to community facilities.
Governor refuses to stand up for state services.
Governor releases results of the state's first comprehensive youth tobacco survey.
Governor releases the following grants to local officials.
Governor run on the same ballot.
Governor sees the crisis abating by fall.
Governor selects three.
Governor sets ambitious school goals .
Governor signs anti-abuse laws to protect residents.
Governor submits FY budget to legislature.
Governor supports zero dollars.
Governor takes over.
Governor tops legislative recommendations with crackdown on crime.
Governor tricks Young couple into marriage.
Governor unveils school-violence legislative package.
Governor vetoes abortion-counseling bill.
Governor visits an institution.
Governor warns militants.
Governor works diligently with many groups to promote voting in elections.
Governors also get to pick three of the nine people on each commission.
Governors appoint certify inspectors.
Governors appoint electrical inspectors.
Governors appoint inspectors.
Governors are accountable to parents and the wider community for the performance of the school.
Governors are control.
Governors are elected by the provincial congresses and approved by the provincial party chief.
Governors are executives.
Governors are humans.
Governors are interested.
Governors are key elected officials to engage in any comprehensive impaired driving program.
Governors are oftentimes found on the front-line of catastrophic situations.
Governors are on the leading edge of reform.
Governors are people.
Governors are politicians.
Governors are responsible for how the school is performing.
Governors are responsible for maintaining order in their caucuses.
Governors are responsible for our businesses in the states.
Governors are responsible for overseeing all aspects of performance in their State programs.
Governors are responsible for the main policy decisions within schools, including academic matters.
Governors are sick of the whole thing.
Governors are the employers.
Governors are the natural champions of foster children, who under law are wards of the state.
Governors are typically more conservative than campaigners.
Governors are, by definition, a different type of politician.
Governors are.msde in a variety of forms and with various methods of action.
Governors arrive at helicopter crash scenes.
Governors arrive at scenes.
Governors ask people.
Governors attend but have no vote at the hospital's monthly business meetings.
Governors become governors.
Governors Below are links to contact state governors.
Governors bring a range of experience and interests from many walks of life.
Governors can learn a lot by visiting the school and talking to staff.
Governors can speak out.
Governors come and governors go.
Governors cooperate Landfill pollutes city Can plant opens.
Governors direct agencies.
Governors direct several state agencies.
Governors direct state agencies.
Governors direct the values and performance of the school.
Governors direct wildlife agencies.
Governors discuss effort.
Governors do, however, have some leverage over PICs.
Governors follow recommendations.
Governors gain attention.
Governors gain national attention.
Governors get more control, with no requirement that most federal cash goes to the poorest schools.
Governors have (part) arms.
Governors have (part) body substances.
Governors have (part) cell membranes.
Governors have (part) cells.
Governors have (part) corpi.
Governors have (part) cytoplasm.
Governors have (part) heads.
Governors have (part) human bodies.
Governors have (part) legs.
Governors have (part) material bodies.
Governors have (part) necks.
Governors have (part) nuclei.
Governors have (part) personality.
Governors have (part) plasma membranes.
Governors have (part) sections.
Governors have (part) vacuoles.
Governors have a legal right to ask their employer for unpaid leave.
Governors have a responsibility to ensure schools know how and where they are being represented.
Governors have a significant part to play in their school.
Governors have an increasingly important role in the life of the school.
Governors have authority.
Governors have many options for training educators to use technology as a teaching aid.
Governors have no more important job than maintaining a healthy, growing economy.
Governors have policy.
Governors have supervisory and advisory functions in relation to local self government.
Governors have the same political considerations as prosecutors, maybe even more so.
Governors have to deliver.
Governors have years.
Governors having the upper hand is just one outcome some predict for term limits.
Governors lead communities.
Governors meet regularly, usually twice a term and often in the evenings.
Governors need services.
Governors needs to be given appropriate support in order to participate in the process.
Governors now make decisions on how to spend their budgets.
Governors oppose shifting responsibility of drug coverage for seniors to states.
Governors ration the shots.
Governors really do hate smokestack chasing.
Governors receive no compensation for their service.
Governors recognize that parents are children's first and primary nurturers.
Governors recognize the necessity of blazing a new trail in state government.
Governors review environment protection efforts.
Governors select the issues based on regional interest and impact.
Governors share stories.
Governors support federal preemption of state product liability laws for a number of reasons.
Governors support it.
Governors take approaches.
Governors take departures.
Governors take different approaches.
Governors use trustees as their agents to carry out an agenda.
Governors visit areas.
Governors work as a team.
Governors work closely with the headteacher and school staff.
Governors work with governors.
Governor frequently deviates from text.
Governors sometimes warn of a special session to force action on their pet proposals.
All governors are to continue performing their duties.
All governors can nominate others, including themselves, but all nominations have to have a second.
Any governor has the power to get attention, and get it quickly.
Every governor has an agenda.
Every governor is into legacy-building.
Many governors employ it far less, striking only egregious pork-barrel items.
Most governors agree with that moratorium, but what to do about sales taxes is another question.
Most governors appoint certify inspectors.
Most governors appoint electrical inspectors.
Most governors appoint inspectors.
Most governors arrive at helicopter crash scenes.
Most governors arrive at scenes.
Most governors ask people.
Most governors become governors.
Most governors direct several state agencies.
Most governors discuss effort.
Most governors employ a filtering system in their clemency process.
Most governors follow recommendations.
Most governors gain attention.
Most governors gain national attention.
Most governors have authority.
Most governors have policy.
Most governors have similar authority over state spending.
Most governors have years.
Most governors lead communities.
Most governors share stories.
Most governors take approaches.
Most governors take departures.
Most governors take different approaches.
Most governors visit areas.
Most governors work with governors.
Some governors are weak and others are strong.
Some governors arrive at prisons.
Some governors ask citizens.
Some governors break rules.
Some governors consider own personal power.
Some governors consider power.
Some governors continue courtesy.
Some governors describe contraction.
Some governors die in offices.
Some governors have drinks.
Some governors have guns.
Some governors have limitations.
Some governors learn prisons.
Some governors lose weight.
Some governors offer spots.
Some governors realize daughters.
Some governors retain selves.
Some governors take notice.
Some governors visit men.
Gov't rate is subject to availability.
Gov't regulation seems to cause only more problems.
Gown descriptions are available upon request prior to pick up.
Gown styles differ among bachelor, master, and doctoral degrees.
A gown is a dress
Gown isa clothes.
Gown isa clothing.
Gowns are available if needed.
Gowns are available in a wide variety of sizes.
Gowns are available in six different colors in velvet or satin fabric.
Gowns are black.
Gowns are dresses.
Gowns are garments.
Gowns are located in hospitals.
Gowns are lush, extravagant, and very carefully chosen.
Gowns are optional.
Gowns are plain satin, with trim around the bodice and hem.
Gowns are returnable only if there is a manufacturer's defect.
Gowns are to be removed and discarded in the clinic where the appointment took place.
Gowns are to be returned to the Auditorium immediately after the ceremony.
Gowns are to be worn only in clinical areas.
Gowns are universities.
Gowns are usually now only used for formal or ceremonial occasions.
Gowns fasten at neck.
Gowns fasten at the neck, and hoods draped down the back.
Gowns have (part) collars.
Gowns have (part) hems.
Gowns have (part) sections.
Gowns have (part) zippers.
Gowns require a corset to achieve a period correct look.
All gowns are available in white and ivory.
All gowns come according to a size chart.
Every gown is evaluated and quoted at no cost and at no obligation.
Every gown is fully lined, including the train.
Every gown is handled individually, one at a time, by hand.
Every gown is made to our exacting specifications.
Every gown needs the correct undergarment.
Many gowns can look lovely from the front but awful from the rear view.
Some gowns are great copies of expensive designers.
Some gowns are worn by brides.
Some gowns take as little as six weeks to order, while others can take up to six months.
Gownings are dressings.
Gozo wines tend to be stronger.
Gozyda shamans keep familiar spirits that they can send out to attack their enemies.
GPAA programs provide places to go, local support, free information service and much more.
GPL'd software levels the playing field.
GPLesque software is also in fashion as well.
GPRS technology allows faster access to data through ''always-on'' network connections.
GPRS users pay only for time spent receiving information.
GPSA committees work on dozens of issues across campus.
Graal frames are suitable for leisure-time activities but also for active sprots.
A grab bar is a bar
Grab bars are a boon in shower, tub, and toilet areas.
Grab bars are a good solution.
Grab bars are a very important part of safety in the bathroom.
Grab bars are also available for the bath tub area.
Grab bars are available for tub sides and walls and are great safety items at any age.
Grab bars are bars.
Grab bars are easy to install and fit securely.
Grab bars are especially helpful in preventing falls in the tub or shower.
Grab bars are essential, particularly around the shower, toilet, and bidet.
Grab bars are most useful in bathrooms.
Grab bars are on the transfer steps and the transfer platform.
Grab bars are required, mirrors and dispensers require relocating.
Grab bars can also help in long hallways and other spots where handholds are scarce.
Grab bars come in metal or plastic and in many sizes and colors.
Grab bars help people remain active and less dependent on assistance from others.
Grab bars offer choice - one of the key ingredients to independence.
Grab bars provide added security and comfort for everyone, from children to elderly persons.
Some grab bars look like two strands of spaghetti twisted like a pretzel.
Grab handles are standard.
Grab loop provides a tie-down point.
Grab process is completely interactive.
Grab rails can help a person to move down the hall with a stable means of support.
A grab sample is a sample
Grab samples are the most common method of collection.
Grab straps running across the center of the seat are probably worst of all.
GRAB IS also part of. . .
Grab is mechanical devices.
Grab is touch
Grab is used for use.
Grabs add style points to runs.
Grabs apply to particular displays.
Grabs are local by default.
Grabbable objects are the big detector cylinder and the wooden box behind it.
A grabber is a person
Grabber crawls documents regardless of whether they are generated statically or dynamically.
Grabbings is events.
Grable soils occur on flood plains but are less undulating and occur further back from the river.
A grace note is a note
Grace notes abound.
Grace notes are particularly annoying and strums play as chords.
Grace period applies to purchases only.
Grace period applies.
Grace period begins.
Grace period depends on prospective cash flow.
Grace period is defined differently per loan program.
Grace period is either six or nine months determined by date of first loan.
Grace period is six months.
Grace period is started from the current contract starting date.
Grace period ranges from one to four years , depending on construction and gestation period.
Grace period ranges from one to four years depending on the construction and implementation periods.
Grace periods are time periods.
Grace periods begins the next day.
Grace periods can stretch anywhere from three days to one full year from the date of purchase.
Grace periods can vary from two weeks to a month.
Grace periods vary according to the type of material and whether the item was recalled.
Grace periods vary between loan programs.
Grace periods vary from card company to company.
Grace schools have a rule that no teacher ever is alone with children in a classroom.
Grace abides all things.
Grace abounds in our lives.
Grace abounds in the Tanakh as well as in the Apostolic writings.
Grace abounds more than sin.
Grace abounds, and comfort.
Grace acts in order to bless.
Grace affirms justice in the act of transcending it.
Grace allows hungry seekers to receive spiritual food in a sinful world.
Grace allows the flower to continue to bloom and become a beautiful prize.
Grace alone does everything they say, and so everything can remain as it was before.
Grace alone does everything, they say, and so everything can remain as it was before.
Grace alone means to be accepted in spite of being unacceptable.
Grace alone restores the totality, the wholeness, of life-death existence.
Grace also has a golf and tennis team.
Grace also has an integral part in one's salvation.
Grace also has something to do with beauty .
Grace also makes chairs, tables and arbors.
Grace also provides news, testimony, and guest speakers on related issues.
Grace also shares in exciting community outreach, overseas mission work, and music programs.
Grace applies both to salvation and the post salvation life.
Grace are in the back with bows in their hair.
Grace asks what's going on.
Grace assigns grants and scholarships first, student loans second, followed by federal work-study.
Grace be with thee .
Grace be with thee.
Grace be withthee.
Grace become involved in social work among poor people in London.
Grace becomes fair game for doctors who wish to analyze good and evil in women.
Grace begets grace.
Grace begins manufacturing packaging materials in Russia.
Grace begins to identify their main cultural differences about halfway through the story.
Grace believes in the idea of a white knight .
Grace believes that an independent organization is desirable for several reasons.
Grace breaks down enmity.
Grace breaks out in the strangest places.
Grace brings peace.
Grace brings success.
Grace builds on nature.
Grace calls for faith, and faith accepts the divine righteousness.
Grace calls it all good for the soul.
Grace can be abundant and mixed with faith and love.
Grace can be tricky business, too.
Grace can describe a person's manners and gentility.
Grace can dissolve all sins, all weaknesses, all imperfections, all fears, all limitations.
Grace can frighten.
Grace can mean many things in Scripture.
Grace can perplex.
Grace can prolong a career, brut power though losses it's gloss.
Grace can renew a marriage.
Grace cares very little for dancing, tho.
Grace changes men s language.
Grace changes the greatest sinners to holy people.
Grace changes the principles of a person.
Grace clicks, it moves.
Grace cocks a hip and stares.
Grace combines with discipline and time to produce a life of increasing radiance and deeper luster.
Grace comes after tribulation.
Grace comes before law.
Grace comes before truth.
Grace comes down, joy comes up and generosity overflows.
Grace comes first, then comes command.
Grace comes first.
Grace comes from a devoutly Catholic family.
Grace comes from meditation.
Grace comes from the words for joy and rejoice.
Grace comes into our lives in other unexpected ways.
Grace comes into the kitchen early in the morning.
Grace covers, without conditions, anyone who accepts it.
Grace deals frankly with the reality that biotechnology is first and foremost a commercial activity.
Grace deals more with the freedom and trust that comes with that knowledge.
Grace deftly describes the animals. . .
Grace deli real soon for a huge delicious hero and a happy hour beer.
Grace demands after their initial interview.
Grace demands that it be so, for grace is designed to fill our emptiness.
Grace describes the coordination and fluidity of a dancer or athlete.
Grace determines the academic status of the student.
Grace develops into glory.
Grace directs our attention to an integration clause contained in the parties' option agreement.
Grace discovers something new.
Grace divinizes the human being for the sake of the final goal of the beatific vision.
Grace does build on nature.
Grace does have dominion, does reign.
Grace does most of the work, as it needs to be done properly.
Grace eliminates all boasting.
Grace embraces people where they are.
Grace enjoys cooking, reading and snapping photos, especially along the stunning Pacific Coast.
Grace especially likes to draw pictures for children.
Grace ever humbles.
Grace evokes gratitude like the voice an echo.
Grace exists without limit.
Grace exists, therefore, only where the Resurrection is reflected.
Grace expands construction products business into India and Vietnam.
Grace expands container products operations into Russia.
Grace expands packaging operations in the U.K., France, Germany, Italy and Australia.
Grace expects to receive six patents for the new asbestos-neutralizing process.
Grace explodes in the open heart.
Grace fails to see the advantages of learning their language, rituals or customs.
Grace feels at discovering love.
Grace feels that success is a very personal thing.
Grace finds a perfect solution.
Grace finds goodness in everything.
Grace fixes what is wrong.
Grace focuses on our love of despite, our love of control.
Grace freely given for all people is our heritage.
Grace gets out and works.
Grace gets the heart transplant.
Grace gets the job done and parents know it.
Grace gets the point.
Grace gives faith to the weakest person.
Grace gives generously, and grace regards others.
Grace gives hope by creating the gospel.
Grace gives joy.
Grace gives that power.
Grace goes on to explain very clearly who exactly is doing the protesting, and why.
Grace goes to school sometimes.
Grace goes to the undeserving, to losers, without reproach, even before they ask for it.
Grace gracefully matches the loudmouth's voluminous verbosity with a little Swiss switch.
Grace guarantees the promise in two ways.
Grace happens .
Grace happens here .
Grace happens with uncomprehendable, unpredictable beauty and power.
Grace has a beauty which attracts most all men in the story.
Grace has a significant theological background in biblical tradition.
Grace has a staff in place, but needs volunteers to help with the program.
Grace has a strong position in the silica gel and colloidal silica segments.
Grace has at least two musical's a year, with a hundred percent participation.
Grace has boyfriends.
Grace has complete manuals, service notes etc.
Grace has in place a very strong policy prohibiting sexual harassment.
Grace has more than enough power and adequacy to offset all that sin is able to do.
Grace has no back teeth and requires a special diet.
Grace has no gatekeepers because grace has no gates.
Grace has one brother and five sisters.
Grace has reference to sinful man as guilty, while mercy has respect to sinful man as miserable.
Grace has registration papers and was bred in North Dakota.
Grace has several covenant groups.
Grace has some advice for any aspiring writers who want to copy out the Bible.
Grace has strong views about spreadsheets.
Grace has the quality of universal love, being loved in relation to a person or situation.
Grace has to do with the past, the present, and the future.
Grace has two after-school lunch programs available.
Grace has two different middle names in the series.
Grace has various meanings in the Bible.
Grace heals the wounds of our nature.
Grace hires a new office assistant.
Grace hits the big home run.
Grace implies oppression.
Grace inaugurates steamship service between New York and the west coast of South America.
Grace includes functional salvation.
Grace includes the entry of the water.
Grace introduces new packaging system for bulk liquid and semi-liquid food products.
Grace invites, evokes, enables, and creates our trust.
Grace involves more than salvation.
Grace involves the remission of sins, peace, and a happy conscience.
Grace is a beautiful attitude that causes someone to act in kindness toward others.
Grace is a beautiful word.
Grace is a Bible preaching and teaching church.
Grace is a Bible-based church.
Grace is a body of believers committed to fervent prayer.
Grace is a child crying in the balcony.
Grace is a child playing.
Grace is a church of love and forgiveness for all people.
Grace is a church of people ministering to people.
Grace is a class act.
Grace is a co-defendant with other companies in lawsuits that have been filed across the country.
Grace is a community lying in Gem Valley with mountains to the east and west.
Grace is a conservative, evangelical church.
Grace is a contemporary praise service geared toward college students.
Grace is a difficult word.
Grace is a doctor of osteopathy.
Grace is a fine, mellow wind-down track at the end, but too much of the album sounds the same.
Grace is a free gift, but it is also an awesome responsibility.
Grace is a free gift.
Grace is a friendly church.
Grace is a full bodied character.
Grace is a funny thing that way.
Grace is a generator for direct manipulation graph editors in Java.
Grace is a genuine representation of folk culture.
Grace is a gift that is undeserved.
Grace is a gift.
Grace is a glorious property, which belongs to the royal lordship in the same love.
Grace is a good contact hitter.
Grace is a growing church.
Grace is a growing, exciting congregation.
Grace is a heroine with spunk , but in a good way.
Grace is a high school English language teacher.
Grace is a leader in community outreach and financial support of social service initiatives.
Grace is a legal, alternate source of approval for home schooling parents.
Grace is a lesbian.
Grace is a lie and beauty is vanity.
Grace is a little dog with big dreams.
Grace is a man dying.
Grace is a model of consistency.
Grace is a new applicant for the choice program.
Grace is a new fellowship seeking new creative ways to be in ministry with children.
Grace is a new qualification of our inner being.
Grace is a nice girl who can never seem to get out of go-nowhere relationships.
Grace is a nondenominational church.
Grace is a part of that gospel.
Grace is a person.
Grace is a plant which draws no nourishment from the wilderness in which it grows.
Grace is a poignant and persuasive heroine.
Grace is a position or status of unmerited favor.
Grace is a powerful thing.
Grace is a quarterly magazine dedicated to the lifestyles and interests of Memphis's black women.
Grace is a reality.
Grace is a respectable, well-off woman who winds up in a totally unexpected situation.
Grace is a result of faith.
Grace is a sheer gift.
Grace is a special girl.
Grace is a special kind of tenderness.
Grace is a state
Grace is a strong, but humble woman.
Grace is a student in the department of speech communication, theater and dance.
Grace is a time limit before the soft limit is enforced for a file system with quota enabled.
Grace is a tool to make two-dimensional plots of scientific data.
Grace is a truly amazing thing.
Grace is a truth difficult for many people wiht religious backgrounds to grasp.
Grace is a truth peculiar to divine revelation.
Grace is a variant.
Grace is a very loving, smart, and curious puppy.
Grace is a very skilled and educated worker.
Grace is a waitress.
Grace is a well-respected and beautifully produced magazine.
Grace is a woman in jeopardy.
Grace is a wonderful character.
Grace is a wonderful word.
Grace is a word of various acceptations.
Grace is about giving even at personal cost.
Grace is about miracles.
Grace is about reaching past the barriers and taboos to help.
Grace is about receiving more than doing.
Grace is about the promise yet to come.
Grace is absolutely and totally free.
Grace is absolutely necessary for salvation.
Grace is abundant, varied and is expressed in a variety of ways.
Grace is active in a variety of professional organizations in Chicago and the south suburban region.
Grace is active in missions to Bolivia.
Grace is actually a higher law than the Old Testament Law.
Grace is all-powerful.
Grace is all-sufficient, for all classes, in all circumstances, unto all ages.
Grace is also a knowledge management consultant, specializing in solo and small law offices.
Grace is also about gratitude.
Grace is also that by which Bible doctrine is illuminated.
Grace is also the antithesis of the law.
Grace is also the soothing balm that comforts the downtrodden.
Grace is always first.
Grace is always free and unconditional.
Grace is always the bottom line.
Grace is always the center.
Grace is always undeserved.
Grace is always unmerited.
Grace is amazing still.
Grace is an ardent promoter and provider of midwifery care throughout the Brooklyn community.
Grace is an artist, a photographer and a film projectionist extraordinaire.
Grace is an artist.
Grace is an attribute shown to undeserving human beings.
Grace is an author and longtime advocate for initiatives serving children and families.
Grace is an equal opportunity employer.
Grace is an excellent candidate for agility training.
Grace is an ideal match for Lucas.
Grace is an innocent when it comes to the world.
Grace is an interacial congregation, committed to reaching it's surrounding community.
Grace is an interdenominational, spirit-filled family church.
Grace is an invisible meeting of two distant perceptions.
Grace is an ironic name for someone so clumsy.
Grace is an item that is needed in any church.
Grace is an open transaction.
Grace is an undeserved favor or gift.
Grace is an undeserved free favour.
Grace is an undeserved free gift, undeserved favor, and undeserved love.
Grace is an unmerited gift offered to sinners for salvation.
Grace is another attribute of benevolence.
Grace is at the other end of the spectrum.
Grace is available to all that are humble enough to seek it.
Grace is beneficence.
Grace is benevolence without regard to desert, indeed, notwithstanding ill desert.
Grace is beyond the scope of our reason.
Grace is blessed with an array of ministries specifically geared for women of all ages.
Grace is both free and costly.
Grace is brief.
Grace is busy all of the time with the holiday season quickly approaching.
Grace is but glory begun, and glory is but grace perfected.
Grace is by definition unmerited favor.
Grace is clad in rust colored leather from head to toe.
Grace is considered by nearly all theologians to be a gift that is given.
Grace is deceitful and beauty is vain.
Grace is definitely a team player at work.
Grace is derived from some older programs known as xmgr or xvgr.
Grace is different though.
Grace is different.
Grace is divine empowerment.
Grace is divine favor.
Grace is divine influence.
Grace is dressed in a lavender gown with a metallic overlay fastened with a dark lavender rose bow.
Grace is enough.
Grace is ever the last word.
Grace is everywhere, every day.
Grace is everywhere.
Grace is evidently a forgiveness so far-reaching as to enable the prostrate to walk.
Grace is extravagant.
Grace is for every moment, every day.
Grace is for the worthless.
Grace is free but discipleship is costly.
Grace is freely available to sinful man, but it had to be purchased.
Grace is given willy-nilly and hither and yon, depending on the uprightness of the recipient.
Grace is glory begun.
Grace is gone, lost among the cacti.
Grace is gone.
Grace is good churchy word.
Grace is grace.
Grace is great as well.
Grace is home for the next couple of weeks and mainly peramently.
Grace is iffy.
Grace is immediately on edge.
Grace is in summer school.
Grace is in the centre , with other famous players .
Grace is in the centre, with other famous players.
Grace is in the photo gallery .
Grace is intentionally diverse in age and ethnic background.
Grace is like a breath of fresh air.
Grace is likely to be followed by other patent-holding companies.
Grace is love creating the freedom of the other.
Grace is love displayed to unworthy objects.
Grace is love in action, saving man from sin.
Grace is love remaining love, love remaining faithful to itself despite innumerable frustrations.
Grace is married with a family.
Grace is mightier than sin.
Grace is more powerful than sin.
Grace is more powerful than the law.
Grace is more than boiler plate definitions.
Grace is more than the forgiveness of sins.
Grace is much better.
Grace is necessary for salvation.
Grace is necessary.
Grace is never cheap.
Grace is never intrinsically necessary.
Grace is no doubt the source and cause of our salvation.
Grace is non-existent without committed acts needful of acceptance and pardon.
Grace is now essentially monetary, rather than religious.
Grace is now in a foster home with a couple that have applied to adopt.
Grace is offered at each meal.
Grace is on a collision course with two other weather fronts that are rapidly gathering strength.
Grace is on the editorial boards of six major journals, both in Europe and America.
Grace is on the way.
Grace is one of the most beautiful words in the English language.
Grace is one such outfit.
Grace is only to be found by effort, although it is here and now.
Grace is open to new and creative youth ministries.
Grace is opened like a rose.
Grace is our language.
Grace is our only ray of hope when the future darkens over with storm clouds of fear.
Grace is out of the question when wages is in question .
Grace is out there somewhere.
Grace is part of love.
Grace is personified as a trainer.
Grace is poured into thy lips.
Grace is poured out in thy lips.
Grace is power to advance beyond our own abilities.
Grace is power to serve.
Grace is power.
Grace is prayer.
Grace is precious beyond words.
Grace is predominantly black with white nose, chest and paws.
Grace is pretty good at sprints.
Grace is pure gift.
Grace is rain.
Grace is really about inner strength.
Grace is received through faith and works are an expression of faith.
Grace is received without merit or achievement.
Grace is recited afterward.
Grace is said and proper eating habits are observed.
Grace is said before each meal and snack, and religious celebrations and seasons are explained.
Grace is said.
Grace is sent up to the helicopter.
Grace is simple, yet complex.
Grace is so compelling it converts the disinterested and disenfranchised into Table friends.
Grace is so radical it risks being misunderstood as the affirmation of bad service.
Grace is someone saying goodbye in an airport.
Grace is sore but recovering.
Grace is sorry for the delay but excited about publishing the newsletter now on the website.
Grace is stamped upon the whole thing.
Grace is states.
Grace is still at home and a student in the public schools.
Grace is straight.
Grace is such a powerful concept.
Grace is sufficient.
Grace is sung prior to each meal.
Grace is taken to the hospital.
Grace is that feminity within the feminine.
Grace is that the punishment for our sins went on the Sinless one.
Grace is the anatomy of silence.
Grace is the balancing leaven in the bread of life.
Grace is the basic element of an authentic, healthy faith.
Grace is the beginning of time.
Grace is the blade busy at work pruning the vines.
Grace is the brilliant ribbon of desire.
Grace is the carving of midnight shadows.
Grace is the choreography of star lover's waltzing.
Grace is the church's great distinctive.
Grace is the command used for generating reports.
Grace is the copper enamel of sundown.
Grace is the cornerstone of the gospel-message.
Grace is the cream of that effort our own good Karma.
Grace is the cup which overflows with joy to all.
Grace is the curtain of green pine and cedar.
Grace is the decisive defense.
Grace is the descent of compassion from the spiritual realms.
Grace is the desire to be clean in the first place.
Grace is the determining factor.
Grace is the divine ability to cope with every circumstance.
Grace is the dying embers of forests on fire stealing the breath of stillborn rock.
Grace is the echo of deep cliffs.
Grace is the effectiveness of the Christian life.
Grace is the ending of time.
Grace is the endless reservoir of dream.
Grace is the first and last moving part of the machinery which grace employs.
Grace is the first day of every season.
Grace is the flourescent crimson of dawn.
Grace is the fountain of all blessings.
Grace is the fountain, and faith is the channel.
Grace is the fragrance of the broken.
Grace is the fulfillment of love, and truth is the accomplishment of the prophecies.
Grace is the fulfilment of love.
Grace is the giving up of one's rights in order to benefit another.
Grace is the granite liquid of black sky.
Grace is the Greek salutation , peace the Jewish .
Grace is the ground of our guarantee.
Grace is the hands washing the feet of stubborn pride.
Grace is the introduction of virtue to the soul.
Grace is the invisible thread of common objects.
Grace is the key that unlocks Scripture.
Grace is the key to our Christian faith.
Grace is the key to salvation.
Grace is the key word.
Grace is the loud voices of anxious water flowing backward to the origin of all things.
Grace is the mad blood of thunder.
Grace is the means and faith is the channel.
Grace is the most powerful force in the universe.
Grace is the most prophetic doctrine.
Grace is the motion of calm.
Grace is the motivation for repentance, drives repentance.
Grace is the musical rattle of memory.
Grace is the mutiny of reckless visions.
Grace is the only child of two smart and oddball parents.
Grace is the only true riches.
Grace is the opposite of boasting and pride.
Grace is the opposite of justice.
Grace is the opposite of that which is deserved or earned.
Grace is the power which transforms egoism into love of neighbor.
Grace is the pulsing vein of air and wind.
Grace is the quiet habit of stone.
Grace is the rain which gently falls on good and bad.
Grace is the reason and enabling of our every ministry and expression of worship.
Grace is the redemption of transient souls.
Grace is the ritual of prayer, the faces of nameless saints and the throats of wounded animals.
Grace is the salt which seasons our discourse, and keeps it from corrupting.
Grace is the smooth texture of rainstorms.
Grace is the snowy down of geese's wings.
Grace is the sole basis of our salvation.
Grace is the solution.
Grace is the source and spring of joyful thankfulness.
Grace is the source of salvation.
Grace is the source, faith the condition, of salvation.
Grace is the spirit of the law.
Grace is the start of a new sixth row.
Grace is the stir of velvet and cream lace.
Grace is the superlative teaching of the Bible.
Grace is the thin bones of winter trees.
Grace is the thing that turns the rock of rules into shifting sand.
Grace is the third opposing batter with a splash hit.
Grace is the timelessness.
Grace is the undeserved reward given to someone.
Grace is the unseen force that pushes and prods all things in the direction of wholeness and life.
Grace is the villain.
Grace is the waitress.
Grace is the water to wash.
Grace is the wrath which upturns greed in holy shrines.
Grace is there for the taking.
Grace is thus critical.
Grace is thus the source of three categories of blessings related to mankind's salvation.
Grace is to be found in every facet of life.
Grace is to reign to life eternal.
Grace is to the body what good sense is to the mind.
Grace is trilingual.
Grace is unaffected by the merit and demerit of the object of blessing.
Grace is unconditional love.
Grace is undeserved favor, unearned blessing, and unmerited kindness.
Grace is undeserved favor.
Grace is unfair.
Grace is unmerited favor, undeserved blessing.
Grace is unmerited favor.
Grace is unmerited love.
Grace is unmerited on the part of humans.
Grace is unwilling to be swept aside over a plot of dirt.
Grace is very distinctly and very emphatically love to the ill-deserving.
Grace is well-nigh absent.
Grace is what cools the sweaty feet of faith.
Grace is wheelchair accessible.
Grace is where our hope lies.
Grace is white and the defendant is black.
Grace is wholly divine.
Grace is yet another plotting package.
Grace is, for the most part, a spontaneous happening.
Grace isa bearing.
Grace knows nothing about the ceremony.
Grace knows the importance of mammograms.
Grace knows what it's like to be criticized.
Grace leads to Glory.
Grace leads to obedience.
Grace likes the snacks in class.
Grace likes to write anywhere.
Grace lingers softly among the fairways and putting greens.
Grace looses a leg and is plunged into a deep blue funk.
Grace loves birds, bugs and little animals.
Grace loves making baskets and weaves every day.
Grace loves stories.
Grace makes a sinner humble, but also active as a result of the effectual call.
Grace makes beauty out of ugly things.
Grace makes building materials and catalysts used in chemical and petroleum refining.
Grace makes even trouble a blessing to a man.
Grace makes the heart tender.
Grace manifests itself wherever and whenever trails abound.
Grace matures earlier than traditional maize varieties and can be eaten as green maize.
Grace means coloring outside the lines.
Grace means favor and mercy.
Grace means freedom.
Grace means gift.
Grace means Love at work.
Grace means provision.
Grace means to be accepted in spite of being unacceptable.
Grace means undeserved favor.
Grace means unmerited favor.
Grace meets both.
Grace needs a husband.
Grace never acts with the intent of bringing glory to itself.
Grace never casts nature aside or cancels it out, but rather perfects and ennobles it.
Grace never uses people as objects, but serves people as subjects of our love.
Grace Notes a series of topical bible studies available through the web or via listserver.
Grace now lives near Boston, Massachusetts.
Grace now sits upon the throne.
Grace occupy the balcony across the way.
Grace occurs serendipitously, in unexpected circumstances or through unlikely persons.
Grace occurs when that process can be conceived of as a totality.
Grace offers a small class size that allows for individual instruction.
Grace offers a wide range of medical, surgical, maternity and newborn services.
Grace offers forgiveness as a pure gift.
Grace offers many vital, interesting and varied programs throughout the year.
Grace offers that opportunity to have one's sins remitted.
Grace only demands faith on the part of the sinner who seeks salvation.
Grace opens offices in Brazil.
Grace opens offices in Colombia and Malaysia.
Grace opens offices in Guatemala.
Grace opens offices in Korea and Taiwan.
Grace opens offices in New Zealand.
Grace opens offices in Thailand.
Grace opens offices in Venezuela and Japan.
Grace opens the adjoining door to see who's in the next room.
Grace overcomes all our weakness.
Grace participates in wide-ranging international and local mission programming.
Grace particularly enjoys writing humorous articles.
Grace performs with an all-female jazz ensemble called WhoSheBe.
Grace permits the possibility of abuse, yes.
Grace pervades our understanding of Christian faith and life.
Grace places heavy emphasis upon Christian service and the spiritual life of the student.
Grace plans to major in electrical engineering.
Grace plays the central part in justification of the sinner.
Grace precedes judgment.
Grace precedes qualification.
Grace precedes salvation.
Grace produces godliness and a disciplined moral life.
Grace produces gratitude.
Grace promotes humility, growth, and divine good.
Grace proves irresistible just because it destroys the disposition to resist.
Grace provides a wide spectrum of ministry opportunities.
Grace provides a wonderful model for any child facing obstacles at school or at home.
Grace provides college campus fellowship and Bible studies.
Grace provides divine strength.
Grace provides help.
Grace puts brute strength to shame time and again.
Grace quickly becomes their most valuable employee.
Grace rains on everyone.
Grace really is amazing, as the old hymn states.
Grace really is everywhere.
Grace recognizes the plants.
Grace reigns through righteousness unto eternal life.
Grace reigns through righteousness, which comes from obedience to the faith.
Grace remembers ration coupons for sugar, eggs, butter and gas for people with cars.
Grace remembers that air mail started then.
Grace renews our human purpose despite our human sin.
Grace represents realities that are infinite and eternal.
Grace researches the genetic and ecological components of forest populations.
Grace resists at first, but then gives in.
Grace reveals salvation.
Grace rules out all human merit.
Grace rules through righteousness.
Grace rushes to the lowest place.
Grace saves the worst.
Grace says both are equally binding.
Grace says foundations and nonprofits are appealing as a vehicle for getting things done.
Grace says it another way.
Grace says that in the year following the fires, the plant response has been encouraging.
Grace says women are far behind in both glory and salary.
Grace says yes.
Grace seeks reconciliation whenever possible.
Grace seeks what is best for another-it sacrifices itself to redeem another.
Grace seems willing.
Grace shows a lot of cleavage.
Grace shows cleavage at a wedding reception.
Grace shows the way.
Grace speaks Korean and acquired Spanish while living in Argentina.
Grace speaks very little English.
Grace stands in contrast to the ideas of debt, law, or work.
Grace stands there.
Grace stands up and walks to the window.
Grace stays quiet.
Grace steps up to the plate.
Grace still has a very shapely figure and is a beauty.
Grace strengthens our Inner man.
Grace struggles with fear when left alone in the house.
Grace summarizes the entire salvation process.
Grace supports numerous missionaries in cross-cultural ministries throughout the world.
Grace sustains everything in the Christian life.
Grace takes no prisoners in a town like.
Grace takes some getting used to.
Grace teaches poetry workshops throughout the country at numerous colleges.
Grace teaches positively.
Grace teaches workshops on the history and mystical powers of the labyrinth.
Grace tends to be one of the hardest working committees.
Grace thus rules out all human merit.
Grace touches every area of truth or doctrine in one way or another.
Grace tries to be optimistic.
Grace triumphs over law, humility over pride, and love over self-righteous exclusion.
Grace triumphs over legalism.
Grace turns and there is Tish alone, under the fat tree down near the corner.
Grace waits at the door of their lips.
Grace wants to leave it there.
Grace wants to think that it was a dismal marriage.
Grace watches carefully from the sidelines before enthusiastically exploring new things later on.
Grace wins again.
Grace wins the election by one vote.
Grace works at community involvement.
Grace works just the opposite.
Graces are to be cultivated.
Graces is arranged by thirteen themes to help the reader find just the right words for any occasion.
Grace always comes before peace.
Grace always comes first.
Grace always holds out hands of help.
Grace always precedes judgment.
Grace always precedes peace.
Grace always promotes holiness of faith and holiness of life.
Grace always trumps pedantry.
Grace usually has to do with pardon, mercy, providing a gift of unmerited favor.
All graces radiate from the Holy Eucharist.
More graces go with the medals.
Graceful angel done in pastel colors holds a basket of flowers.
Graceful antelopes eat grass.
Most graceful antelopes eat grass.
Graceful archways bridge the old stone buildings.
Graceful bridges complement natural settings and blend with the environment.
Graceful columns separate the dining room from the living room.
Graceful curves result in the solid metal.
Graceful dancers entertain their audience with local flair.
Graceful degradation is achieved with frame dropping if necessary.
Graceful degradation requires effort from the part of the author - and skill.
Graceful exits are difficult to negotiate in sports.
Graceful grasses sway with the breeze along shore's edge.
Graceful handle has gold trim.
Graceful incongruities bump and grind all night long.
Graceful men lift lovely girls in white.
Graceful paws tiptoe over tumbled boulders beneath the pale winds of dawn.
Graceful ponies fly.
Graceful skyscrapers rise above streets steeped in history, tradition and legend.
Graceful swans move between the anchored yachts, coaxing handouts from sunbathing sailors.
Graceful vines are ideal for training over arbors and trellises.
Graceful wall sconces resembling art glass calla lilies provide gentle illumination.
Graceful writing is persuasive and effective writing.
Gracefulness is posture
Gracefulness means having a beauty of form, composition, and expression.
Gracey curettes are available in stainless steel or in carbon steel.
Gracile capuchins have longer limbs relative to their body size than robust capuchins.
Every gracious disposition is increased while a man is exercised in showing mercy .
Many gracious donors are responsible for the current beauty of the church interior.
Gracious entry leads to inviting living room, formal dining room.
Gracious hospitality abounds and children are always welcome.
Gracious hospitality awaits.
Gracious hospitality is extended to all guests.
Gracious hospitality is our hallmark.
Gracious host welcomes guests.
Gracious hosts arrange nature tours and canoe trips.
Gracious inn features wraparound veranda, fireplace, billiard room, heated pool and spa.
Gracious living is a tradition here.
Gracious locals share their rich colonial history, native customs and relationship with the land.
Gracious love transforms our world and our experience.
Gracious love transforms pain, and ugliness, and awkwardness.
Gracious people love to share meals with others.
Gracious rooms offer Southern charm and canopy bed.
Gracious service is provided by Scandinavian officers and a warm and friendly Filipino crew.
Gracious talk is free from bitterness and bad-mouthing.
Most grackle calls are a mixed series of rattles, squeaks and whistles.
A grackle is a mynah bird
Grackles also feed on acorns and other tree fruits in winter.
Grackles are birds.
Grackles are larger with much longer tails.
Grackles are similar but larger with longer tails.
Grackles are sleek black birds with iridescent purple, green and bronze highlights in their plumage.
Grackles are very agressive in their feeding habits.
Grackles choose discretion, and hop amongst the milkweeds.
Grackles have a black beak, and yellow eyes.
Grackles have more iridescence than crows and their eyes are light.
Grackles have much thinner bills.
Grackles live in suburbs, towns, farming areas and streamside groves.
Grackles return from the south.
Grackles watch from the trees.
Grackles sometimes do the same in osprey nests.
Every grackle faces east, like beads on an abacus.
Grad configurations are just as varied.
Grad expenses are eligible.
Grad housing is about the same as the draft, except the timeline.
Grad night goes haywire for a group of Korean-American teens.
Grad programs are different.
Some grad programs are also interdisciplinary.
Some grad programs look down on teaching.
Some grad programs require commitment to clinical practice, recruitment effort.
A grad school is a school
Grad schools know it.
Grad schools look at tax returns in granting aid, as does the federal government.
Most grad schools offer scholarships or fellowships.
A grad student is a collegian
Grad student kills war hero with a knife.
Grad students are able to fill only part of the gap.
Grad students are the burger flippers of science.
Grad students can use the list for many purposes.
Grad students come in many ages, colors, and from varied backgrounds and life situations.
Grad students do have a life outside the lab, library and classroom.
Grad students drink and gamble every night.
Grad students get none of the above.
Grad students have access at all times.
Grad students have an important role in the life of their department.
Grad students have an important role.
Grad students have one major dept in which they are enrolled for their degree.
Grad students have sound footing on theory and a background of looking at a particular problem.
Grad students live solitary lives.
Grad students pose for a picture.
Grad students proliferate, discussing romantic poetry and physics till closing time.
Grad students seem more interested in getting their conference announcement on-line than faculty.
Grad students seem to already have a say through close professor contact.
Grad students submit term paper topics.
Grad students teach lower division, whereas faculty teaches upper division.
Grad students welcome.
All grad students are welcome.
All grad students suffer from that ennui at points in their career.
Most grad students live off campus.
Most grad students tend to hang around the lounge, drinking coffee and talking.
Some grad students go on to work for oil companies.
Some grad students make excellent teachers because they relate to the students well.
Some grad students run linux on their personal machines, but NO linux labs.
A grad is a student
Grads are also in the adjoining apartment.
Grads are part of quadrants.
Grads can add themselves to the registry free and search for friends world wide.
Grads can pick a state they want to live in and find a job in vocational rehabilitation there.
Grads click here for important info.
Grads get kudos for teamwork.
Grads have limited access to insurance now.
Grads means that the company is mainly interested in hiring graduating seniors and alumni.
Grads mustunderstandtheir Christian faith if they are ever going to be able to minister toothers.
Grads needspecific how-to's and ways to minister to others.
Grads rank it tops again while recruiters tout students' teamwork.
Grads read selected passages in Emile Zola, Le Roman exp rimental .
Grads receive awards for public service .
All grads are welcome.
All grads automatically pay membership fees.
Most grads lack a college degree, with about half coming off welfare.
Some grads focus on the big salary and live it up, others obsess about the debt and feel trapped.
Some grads go on to make music their career.
Gradation can add interest and movement to a shape.
Gradation is a vowel
Gradation is always there, according to our inner position.
Gradation is obtained by decreasing the pressure on the pencil.
Gradation is quantification.
Gradation is rank.
Gradation is unlike contrast which stresses sudden changes in elements.
Gradation refers to the size distribution of the particles in the envelope.
Gradations are a big no-no on the web, particularly subtle ones.
Gradations are perfect in tone and color and edges are unnaturally abrupt.
Gradations are perfect in tone and colour and edges are unnaturally abrupt.
Gradations can occur, eg. where a thin bench breaks free and starts to roll downwards.
Gradations exist between all vein types.
Gradations indicate the part of the track occurring in twilight.
All gradations occur between hogbacks, homoclinal ridges , and cuestas .
Some gradations are clearly expres- sions of environment.
Gradational contacts represent more gradual changes in depositional conditions.
Grade curves can lead to intense competition among law students.
All grade levels are proud to be seen reading the newspaper.
All grade levels are under each subject.
All grade levels are welcome to join.
All grade levels are welcome to participate.
All grade levels are welcome.
All grade levels attend physical education class twice a week at regularly scheduled times.
All grade levels benefit from their help.
All grade levels can participate.
All grade levels can use assistance.
All grade levels continue to operate reading incentive programs.
All grade levels enjoy weekly visits.
All grade levels have a set of guidelines that include instructional objectives and assessments.
All grade levels have access to a multimedia math and science lab.
All grade levels participate each year for one semester.
All grade levels refer to the grade currently in or just completed.
All grade levels share common areas that include the library, cafeteria and gymnasium.
All grade levels study the biology, physiology and human interaction components of marine science.
All grade levels take bus field trips.
All grade levels use the music areas, the pool, and the auditorium.
All grade levels use the reading program to increase reading comprehension and reading skills.
All grade levels utilize technology as part of their curriculum.
Any grade level can benefit from a neuroscience presentation.
Every grade level has a unique curriculum, which is reported to the parents in a monthly newsletter.
Every grade level has literature books that the students read.
Every grade level has specific objectives.
Every grade level has two reading teams.
Every grade level is represented by some group work sent from the art classes.
Every grade level loves to learn about music on the keyboards.
Every grade level uses computer software to augment our content area programs.
Many grade levels are currently full and waiting lists have been established.
A grade school is a school
Many grade schools are overcrowded, while middle and high schools have empty classrooms.
Grade science relate to investigations.
Grade science relate to scientific investigations.
A grade is gathering
Grade isa relation.
Grade isa social group.
Grades also depend dramatically upon conditions.
Grades also operate as a filter, to rid the institution of excess students.
Grades appear on reports and transcripts at the completion of the semester.
Grades apply to the hardest single pitch of a climb.
Grades are a big concern to students and their parents.
Grades are a carrot that encourage learning.
Grades are a carrot that encourages learning.
Grades are a case in point.
Grades are a fact of life in our education system.
Grades are a factor used to motivate students.
Grades are a little different here.
Grades are a necessity of our present academic system.
Grades are a nonissue here.
Grades are a powerful tool.
Grades are a private matter.
Grades are a product of several ingredients.
Grades are a question mark.
Grades are a reflection of completed projects.
Grades are a reflection of the number and types of errors made on written papers.
Grades are a vortex around which all classroom activity whirls, pulled inexorably toward.
Grades are a way to determine success or failure of kids.
Grades are according to use, manufacture, size and moisture content.
Grades are all above last year.
Grades are also a basis for paying the producer what their product is worth.
Grades are also accessible online as they become available at the end of each term.
Grades are also available from the touchtone system, as soon as they are entered.
Grades are also available on the web page.
Grades are also available on-line.
Grades are also available through insite .
Grades are also available to the student on the web.
Grades are also low on business employers list of requirements for an employee.
Grades are also play a great role in the college admission.
Grades are an evaluation of what students have learned and become part of a permanent record.
Grades are an important part of student's life.
Grades are an indication of the quality of student work.
Grades are an obvious indicator of student performance.
Grades are another area in which professors and students sometimes disagree.
Grades are at the bottom of their list of importance.
Grades are at times steep scrambles across loose rocky slopes.
Grades are available approximately one month after the completion of the course.
Grades are available at the end of the semester.
Grades are available by mail or Web.
Grades are available by touch-tone phone at the end of the semester.
Grades are available for molded and extruded articles.
Grades are available for the current semester.
Grades are available here .
Grades are available here.
Grades are available immediately after the final question is answered.
Grades are available on the Web for password protected student viewing.
Grades are available on the Web.
Grades are available online as they are generated.
Grades are available online when they have been submitted and recorded.
Grades are available on-line.
Grades are available that can withstand the temperatures of vapor-phase soldering.
Grades are available the first day of the next fall or spring semester or summer session.
Grades are available through the online gradebook.
Grades are available through the telephone STAR system.
Grades are available with the heat resistance to withstand hot- fill and microwave processes.
Grades are available with the heat resistance to withstand hot-fill and microwave processes.
Grades are available within one week of class completion.
Grades are average to low.
Grades are based on preparation for and participation in class, so attendance is required.
Grades are below average but yields are generally above average.
Grades are by the attached rubric.
Grades are cattle.
Grades are close.
Grades are color coded to indicate strength range, easy inspection.
Grades are coming up, there are more discussions going on and learning is more student centered.
Grades are complete with the 'in-class' final as well as the lowest homework removed.
Grades are complete with the 'in-class' final included as well as the lowest homework removed.
Grades are confidential information.
Grades are confidential.
Grades are cover first then vinyl - refer to the grading page if in doubt.
Grades are criterion referenced, rather than curved.
Grades are determined according to the student's accumulated points throughout the semester.
Grades are determined BOTH by performance on exams and attendance.
Grades are determined each semester by a coin toss.
Grades are determined following evaluation of a graduation portfolio.
Grades are determined in a manner prescribed by the individual instructor.
Grades are determined in a midterm exam, a final exam, and two papers.
Grades are determined in the following manner.
Grades are determined in two ways.
Grades are determined on a percentage of the total points.
Grades are determined on a point scale.
Grades are determined on a point system.
Grades are determined on the basis of class participation and performance on exams.
Grades are determined on the basis of essays.
Grades are determined on the basis of scores earned on tests.
Grades are determined on the basis of the essays and class participation.
Grades are determined on the basis of the total number of points earned.
Grades are determined on the basis of total points.
Grades are determined through accumulation of points on tests and class assignments.
Grades are different.
Grades are down.
Grades are dropping, test scores are at an all time low, and school yard violence is up.
Grades are due during class time.
Grades are due in from instructors approximately one week after the end of the term.
Grades are due on the date established by the registrar.
Grades are due.
Grades are easy and the ponds beautiful.
Grades are elevation.
Grades are e-mailed approximately six weeks after the exam.
Grades are enterable only by privileged instructor users.
Grades are especially important to students thinking about grad school.
Grades are everything for a student.
Grades are extremely important to the wool industry.
Grades are extremely steep and rough.
Grades are final only after review by the divisional review committee described below.
Grades are final only after review by the divisional review committee.
Grades are for cover first, then vinyl - refer to the grading page if in doubt.
Grades are for cover, then vinyl - refer to the grading page if in doubt.
Grades are for next school year.
Grades are for the current marking period.
Grades are for vinyl - refer to the grading page if in doubt.
Grades are from a normal distribution with the same mean and variance for all students.
Grades are generally available for viewing after the grade submission deadline.
Grades are generally available on both systems about a week after the last day of finals.
Grades are generally less than one in four.
Grades are good to fair.
Grades are good.
Grades are gradients.
Grades are here .
Grades are here Syllabus - check it out for any recent policy changes.
Grades are holistic in the sense that they record academic achievement for a whole project.
Grades are important - but are only one piece of the equation.
Grades are important - especially grades in advanced math courses.
Grades are important but are secondary to successful completion of a rigorous academic program.
Grades are important determining factors for a dmission to the college and for transfer of credit.
Grades are important, but so is level of course difficulty.
Grades are important, no doubt.
Grades are important.
Grades are in.
Grades are individual.
Grades are insignificant.
Grades are judgments.
Grades are just one example of an extrinsic reward .
Grades are less important than students' mastery of material.
Grades are like a cruel slave driver, forcing students into academic submission.
Grades are long and steep.
Grades are major determining factors for admission to the college and for transfer of credit.
Grades are meaningless when they have no correlation to effort or results.
Grades are meaningless.
Grades are necessary in order to certify satisfactory completion of the minor.
Grades are necessary, though there is much more to education than just grades.
Grades are necessary.
Grades are never absolutely final or unchangeable if the assignment is submitted on time.
Grades are never steep.
Grades are no issue.
Grades are no longer the sole criterion for admission.
Grades are non-negotiable except in cases of instructor error.
Grades are non-negotiable.
Grades are norm referenced and no one has to fail.
Grades are normally available the first day of the next semester.
Grades are now available at the grade lookup page .
Grades are now available for the final project, exam, and course.
Grades are now available on line.
Grades are now available.
Grades are now online, see below.
Grades are now online.
Grades are number of correct question items.
Grades are numeric scores that are easily translated into common high school grading systems.
Grades are obviously important to certain employers.
Grades are of secondary importance.
Grades are often a way of showing what one can memorize and regurgitate.
Grades are often more easily driven in second.
Grades are often the determining factor in acceptance into graduate school.
Grades are on a normal scale.
Grades are on a ten-point scale.
Grades are on line , protected as usual.
Grades are one, but by no means the only, aspect of a rigorous approach to education.
Grades are only available on REGI for approximately one week after finals.
Grades are only one indicator of the success of the program.
Grades are open only to each individual.
Grades are our top priority and our goal is to be one of the top fraternities each semester.
Grades are out and the overall percentage of passing students is up.
Grades are out.
Grades are part of schools.
Grades are particularly problematic in the writing class.
Grades are pass and fail.
Grades are pass or fail only.
Grades are pass or fail.
Grades are pass, fail, and questionable.
Grades are pass-fail only, assigned by a group of teachers.
Grades are password protected.
Grades are pending.
Grades are private information.
Grades are probably on the hit list, too.
Grades are proficiency-based.
Grades are rank.
Grades are regular letter grades.
Grades are relative to ability and based on contribution to the team.
Grades are relative.
Grades are simple.
Grades are something is still mostly accurate regarding initial job searches after college.
Grades are somewhat less important, however, than learning outcomes.
Grades are still important to potential employers.
Grades are subject to individual effort or lack thereof.
Grades are subject to upward adjustment for thoughtful and appropriate class participation.
Grades are subjective.
Grades are suitable for siding.
Grades are surprisingly low on the list.
Grades are the after-effect of the assignment and the test.
Grades are the best indicator of success in academic work.
Grades are the discretion of the professor.
Grades are the exclusive prerogative of the faculty members teaching the courses.
Grades are the most common.
Grades are the most important initial factor in the selection process for most professional schools.
Grades are the motivating force behind learning.
Grades are the observations of the instructor based upon statistics.
Grades are the only criteria for an award.
Grades are the primary factor in admission.
Grades are the primary factor in selection for admission.
Grades are the result of the student s effort and the teacher s judgement and are therefore final.
Grades are their fates.
Grades are to be accepted on a normal basis for make-up work.
Grades are to law students what profits are to a business.
Grades are unnecessary and there is no comparison of test results.
Grades are up.
Grades are updated real-time.
Grades are updated weekly.
Grades are updated.
Grades are useful in helping students plan their overall academic programs.
Grades are usually available about one week after the end of the quarter.
Grades are usually available by the fourth working day after finals week.
Grades are usually available eight working days after the end of final examinations.
Grades are usually available within three weeks of completing a semester.
Grades are usually lower in science courses.
Grades are usually updated weekly.
Grades are valid for one year.
Grades are variable.
Grades are Very Fine to Extremely Fine.
Grades are very important for many scholarships.
Grades are very rough guess.
Grades are very well controlled and bought at Competitive prices, when possible.
Grades are viewable via the Web.
Grades are, admittedly, a pain in the neck.
Grades are, in part, determined on the basis of attendance.
Grades arrive by mail.
Grades assigned on the report card become a part of the student s official academic record.
Grades automate the cheap educational machine.
Grades automate the system.
Grades awarded are fail, pass, or pass with distinction.
Grades awarded are pass, pass with distinction, or fail.
Grades Be Honest.
Grades become a factor only when students have comparable skill.
Grades become a permanent part of the student's SHSU record.
Grades become final one week after they are announced.
Grades become of no importance and learning is motivating in and of itself.
Grades become secondary to the learning.
Grades become the reason for attending class and doing assignments and studying for test.
Grades can also be on a number scale .
Grades can also be on a number scale.
Grades can also interfere with student-teacher interaction in another way.
Grades can be a source of stress for students.
Grades can be check at any time during the semester by going to the grade inquiry page.
Grades can be compelling reasons for study.
Grades can be either alphabetic or Numeric depending on the faculty member for that course.
Grades can be give for paragrahs, tables, and ideas listed for fire safety.
Grades can be subject to inflationary forces.
Grades can fall, and attendance can suffer.
Grades can get in the way of learning, or they can be used as a learning tool if done well.
Grades can go up, down or remain the same upon being re-graded.
Grades can go up, down or remain the same upon being regraded.
Grades can have such a big effect on students' fortunes.
Grades can incite false incentives to learn.
Grades can incite false incentives to take classes.
Grades can include evaluation of individual contribution as well as the results of a team effort.
Grades can suffer Some campus administrators agree.
Grades carry the weight of the course credits they bear.
Grades come first.
Grades come from periodic testing, quizzes and studio assignments.
Grades consist of labs and tests.
Grades continue to be available on both unofficial and official transcripts.
Grades count in the final year.
Grades count toward students' cumulative averages.
Grades covered include early childhood, primary, and intermediate.
Grades Create a multimedia presentation.
Grades creep up .
Grades depend on assignments and tests.
Grades depend on commercial viability of the final project.
Grades depend on doing the right things.
Grades depend on quality teaching and educational materials.
Grades depend upon the completion of all assignments for the course.
Grades discriminate for maturity, shape uniformity, cleanliness and trim quality.
Grades do count.
Grades do mean something.
Grades do reflect a student's progress.
Grades do reflect aesthetic quality.
Grades drop sharply if students watch more than two hours of TV per day.
Grades earned at the college become a permanent part of a student's academic record.
Grades earned elsewhere are only indi- cators of academic ability.
Grades earned elsewhere are only indicators of academic ability.
Grades end up being very important.
Grades exist to show how well the goal is attained.
Grades fall accordingly.
Grades follow a letter system.
Grades form a relatively minor and incidental part of the course.
Grades generally apply to the average male body type.
Grades generally correlate positively with attendance records.
Grades generally reflect student success.
Grades given are high distinction, distinction, credit, pass, or fail.
Grades go up, literacy rates increase, and confidence rises.
Grades go up-and behavior improves, too.
Grades have a significant impact on an athlete and the sport they play.
Grades have great power to motivate, reward, demotivate and destroy.
Grades have no absolute or objective quality.
Grades have nothing to do with advancement in school.
Grades have seasonal variation.
Grades have their advantages and disadvantages.
Grades have variation.
Grades have very little meaning from one child to another or one teacher to another.
Grades heavily favor good precision and accuracy .
Grades help keep students in line.
Grades impose an arbitrary standard of success on everyone.
Grades impose arbitrary standards of success.
Grades improve, behavior improves, and children become happy and productive.
Grades Interactively explore the world of geometry.
Grades invariably drop.
Grades junior high to high school.
Grades K up.
Grades Listed below are the total points for each assignment.
Grades listed here are from highest to lowest.
Grades mean a lot.
Grades mean nothing.
Grades perform three basic functions.
Grades play a very important part in the selection of judicial clerks.
Grades provide a technique for combining several attributes into a single-valued descriptor.
Grades provide a transferable record of a student's performance for other schools.
Grades provide academic evaluation and are the basis for determining academic standing.
Grades provide information about student progress.
Grades quickly identify and penalize anyone who rebels or deviates from the system.
Grades range widely, based on responses so far.
Grades really do count .
Grades reflect a student's understanding of material, quality of work and class participation.
Grades reflect both effort and achievement.
Grades reflect effort and interest.
Grades reflect many components of instruction and learning.
Grades reflect progress toward the goal.
Grades reflect quality of work submitted.
Grades reflect student progress in course content.
Grades reflect the manufactured quality of the paper, premium versus inexpensive, for example.
Grades reflect the quality of the work submitted.
Grades remain as recorded and can be changed normally only by the instructor.
Grades reports .
Grades represent a level of organization.
Grades represent demonstration of mastery and independent thought.
Grades represent levels of mastery of the material relative to other students.
Grades represent measurable individual effort and progress.
Grades result from a person's intelligence and self-discipline.
Grades resulting from deferred examinations replace the original grade.
Grades run on a seven-point scale.
Grades See grade policies .
Grades See grade policies.
Grades See grades.xls for examples of simple formulas, including a weighted average.
Grades See the general university requirements regarding grades.
Grades See the last two paragraphs of the Overview above.
Grades show more than just content mastery.
Grades shown for individual exams are only approximate.
Grades shown in the descriptions are still provisional.
Grades start dropping, school systems start labeling, and the learners become despondent.
Grades suffer from dis-organization, too.
Grades suffer, dropout rates are high, and few earn college degrees.
Grades tend to be higher when the students' and teachers' concept maps are more similar.
Grades tend to cause stress.
Grades tend to mirror class attendance.
Grades typically have a bad connotation amongst homeschoolers.
Grades typically have a bad connotation amongst home-schoolers.
Grades verify a capacity to be educated and an ability to work smart, rather than hard.
Grades often improve after a session, or several sessions, with a tutor.
Grades often improve dramatically after a session, or several sessions, with a tutor.
Grades often skew the focus of the activity and are very difficult to fairly assess.
Grades often stifle creativity.
Grades often transform the effective coaching role of a teacher to that of a judge and gatekeeper.
Grades usually work themselves out.
All grades also learn how to use age appropriate software programs and CD-ROMs for research.
All grades appear and remain on the official transcripts.
All grades appear on the official transcript.
ALL grades appear on the official transcript.
All grades are available as dry free flowing powders.
All grades are available from plain to presentation.
All grades are available now, please check if there are any discrepancies.
All grades are available.
ALL grades are available.
All grades are color-coded for easy identification.
All grades are compatible.
All grades are confidential.
All grades are cut to size with a straight cut edge.
All grades are due from faculty today.
All grades are due from the faculty.
All grades are either Pass or Fail.
All grades are eligible.
All grades are equally strong and serviceable in any application.
All grades are equally strong and serviceable, yet afford the consumer different looks.
All grades are final and non-negotiable.
All grades are final one week after tests and quizzes have been handed back.
All grades are final one week after the reports have been handed back.
All grades are final, and numerical exam scores are never released.
All grades are final.
All grades are for vinyl.
All grades are hypoallergenic.
All grades are in self-contained classroom settings.
All grades are lightweight, and offer advantages over aluminum, titanium and composite materials.
All grades are negotiable.
All grades are now final.
All grades are now in.
All grades are of equal value.
All grades are of equal weight.
All grades are of the same thickness and all are delicious.
All grades are on a percentage scale.
All grades are on a ten-point scale.
All grades are possible.
All grades are strictly objective.
All grades are subject to curving and there is no set correspondence between numbers and letters.
All grades are tentative and subject to change upon removal of errors.
All grades are tentative until they are part of the completed Portfolio.
All grades are the responsibility of the host-site teacher.
All grades are then related to the best in the class.
All grades are welcome with parents.
All grades are welcome.
All grades assigned remain on the student's permanent record and transcript.
All grades attend gym as part of their regular schedule.
All grades can contain a percentage of recycled fiber.
All grades can handle the measurement part.
All grades can join.
All grades can participate to create their own, distinctive German newspaper.
All grades can participate.
All grades can receive a c.d. cover.
All grades can seek permission to take part in political activity at national and local level.
All grades come from the exams.
All grades come together for an exciting climax to the day's events.
All grades compared are from the second semester of the respective years.
All grades concentrate on the fundamentals with a computer emphasis in a Christian environment.
All grades consistently score above national and state norms on standardized tests.
All grades contain the staurolite mineral with the differences being grain size.
All grades continue learning all year-round.
All grades enjoy guest speakers and performers, take field trips, and participate in performances.
All grades experience various county and state-wide tests.
All grades given are solely on the basis of performance on the above four criteria.
All grades given during the course are provisional only.
All grades have art classes at various points in the year.
All grades have computers in the classroom and come to the computer lab once or twice a week.
All grades have some input on creating and maintaining the school's website.
All grades learn about the composer of the month.
All grades meet API standard specifications.
All grades meet at the same time.
All grades meet together to enjoy an upbeat music program before dividing into classes.
All grades participate in Accelerated Reading.
All grades participate in library instruction and enjoy the stimulating atmosphere.
All grades receive computer instruction.
All grades receive library skills lessons.
All grades reflect attendance, cooperation and achievement.
All grades remain on the permanent record card.
All grades remain on the permanent record.
All grades remain on the student's permanent record even if a course is retaken.
All grades remain on the transcript.
All grades satisfy post-consumer recycle content requirements.
All grades study the Bible, upper levels take college preparatory classes.
All grades study the units on the same day at the same time.
All grades train together.
All grades use a word wall for high frequency words and words that are most often misspelled.
All grades use word problems to promote analytical thinking skills.
All grades view skits on abstinence, which are performed by high school students.
All grades welcome to participate.
All grades welcome.
All Grades Write at least a one page summary of the entire work.
Every grade has a specific time during the year to work.
Every grade performs in one concert a year.
Every grade presents student samples and grade level techology plans.
Every grade undertakes several day trips or excursions per year.
Every grade uses a lesson book.
Many grades are available.
Many grades fill quickly.
More Grades are a means of communicating student achievement within courses of instruction.
Most grades are average or below.
Most grades assigned are conservative.
Most grades have projects built into their curriculum.
Most grades have seasonal variation.
Most grades have variation.
Some grades are almost as corrosion resistant as platinum.
Some grades are higher quality while others are lower.
Some grades are in their third year with the exam.
Some grades have a low level of impurity and a high glass transition temperature.
Some grades have defects.
Some grades have minor defects.
Some grades have such defects.
Some grades have three options which to choose from, while others have only one or two choices.
Some grades have viscosity.
Some grades visit with their pen pals, while others invite representatives to campus.
Graded assignments are due at the start of the period scheduled.
Graded beds occur when a mass of sediment is deposited rapidly.
Graded beds reflect storm reworking of the shoreface.
Graded bedding implies gravity settling.
Graded bedding is also present, making turbidity current deposition a likely candidate.
Graded calories is designed for users of computers.
Graded cards are also available.
Graded case analyses.
Graded classes are part and parcel of institutionalization.
Graded courses guide the beginner safely to an advanced level.
Graded data are, like ranked data, one kind of ordinal data.
Graded finals are in the foyer for pick up.
Graded homework is returned in Lab.
Graded material varies with the instructor.
Graded mesh ensures boundary layers be represented.
Graded midterms are available in the Handout Hangout.
Graded papers lose one letter grade for every late day.
Graded problems are due at the next class meeting following the date of assignment.
Graded ramps are visible on the parking garage.
Graded readers are books specially written for learners at many different ability levels.
Graded requirements are due at the beginning of class as designated.
Graded requirements are due per the individual instructors guidance.
Graded responsibility is directed by the faculty so that consistent supervision is always available.
Graded studies are available for all piano students.
Graded tests are a good source of review for the final exam.
Graded work includes all courses which carry quality points.
Graded work includes chapter quizzes, midterm exams, and the final exam.
Graded work is an opportunity for students to demonstrate their mastery of course material.
Graded work is sent home weekly and is kept at home after each report card period.
A grader is a critic
Grader enters the raw scores and turn-in dates for students.
Grader isa expert.
Grader Needs to Know .
Grader Needs to Know.
Grader selects a leaf level work item or component.
Grader selects the appropriate team and enters the score for the team with the turn-in date.
Graders accomplish the grading within a certain number of weeks.
Graders are also available to discuss a particular individual's results.
Graders are critics.
Graders are responsible for reliably and accurately grading each examination.
Graders check shell egg weights during the grading process to ensure their accuracy.
Graders gather information.
Graders have (part) arms.
Graders have (part) body substances.
Graders have (part) cell membranes.
Graders have (part) cells.
Graders have (part) corpi.
Graders have (part) cytoplasm.
Graders have (part) heads.
Graders have (part) human bodies.
Graders have (part) legs.
Graders have (part) material bodies.
Graders have (part) necks.
Graders have (part) nuclei.
Graders have (part) personality.
Graders have (part) plasma membranes.
Graders have (part) sections.
Graders have (part) vacuoles.
Graders look closely at development, organization, sentence structure, mechanics and spelling.
Graders mark each board with the grade as determined by the standards established by the industry.
Graders normally work three to six hours per week.
Graders use either an articulated or rigid frame.
Graders use gloves at all times when handing the books.
Graders use hand-held data collection terminals to enter data on individual trees.
Graders always use model answers to essay questions.
Graders sometimes make mistakes too.
Most graders gather information.
Some graders can operate multiple attachments.
Some graders create books.
Some graders make easy transitions.
Some graders make transitions.
Some graders stay in the city equipment yard all winter while others stand by at the contractors.
Gradient centrifugation is used to remove red cells, white cells and smooth muscle cells.
Gradient elution is possible, using decreasing concentrations of acetonitrile.
Gradient elution is used to aide in the elution of components with a wide range of polarities.
Gradient fields can induce current or peripheral nerve stimulation.
Gradient fields try to flow toward maximizers. .
Gradient fill is applied straight down since the light source is directly from the top.
Gradient methods tend to fail when the objective function contains many local extrema.
Gradient wind consists of forces.
Gradient wind consists of pressure gradient forces.
A gradient is a relation
Gradient decreases as stream moves from the mountains towards the sea.
Gradient fill in caption bar is supported as well.
Gradient fills for text and backgrounds is a really useful feature.
Gradient flows on Lie Groups and homogeneous spaces.
Gradient flows on nonpositively curved metric spaces and harmonic maps .
Gradient isa relation.
Gradients are also more complex for a computer processor to handle than a solid color.
Gradients are cool.
Gradients are flattest in the Indian Ocean .
Gradients are high and valley-deepening is rapid.
Gradients are killers on low end displays.
Gradients are only linear or radial.
Gradients are positions.
Gradients are practically non-existent and curves are easy.
Gradients are representative of other studies.
Gradients are slight.
Gradients are the schemes used in transitions from one color to another.
Gradients are treated as images with no intrinsic dimensions or intrinsic proportion.
Gradients can also create some nice effects.
Gradients can also occur with differences in pressure, temperature or electric charge.
Gradients can be continuous or stepwise.
Gradients can be linear or radial, with directions and colors adjustable.
Gradients can be user-provided or numerically calculated.
Gradients can be very large, and concentrations are highly time-dependent.
Gradients can be very versatile.
Gradients have a high color depth and reducing it creates visible color separations.
Gradients now offer multiple colors and transparency levels at each color point.
Gradients take up more space than solid colours.
Gradients always go from a weak eluent to a strong eluent.
All gradients point toward the central vertex.
More grading activity is proposed.
Gradings are construction.
Gradual acclimation is the key.
Gradual adaptation is an option.
Gradual analysis is simple and time saving.
Gradual ascent is crucial.
Gradual ascent is desirable to try to avoid acute mountain sickness.
Gradual change is accompanied by the possibility of losing sight of long-term goals.
Gradual change leads to permanent change.
Gradual changes are easier to keep track of.
Gradual changes are inevitable, but the rate of change is variable.
Gradual changes go a long way toward healthy, life-long habits.
Gradual changes lead to turning points, where one force overcomes the other.
Gradual climb turns to technical grind with soft dirt and sharp rocks.
Gradual conditioning is the key to preventing muscle fatigue.
Gradual curves look nice.
Gradual damage is due to chronic conditions.
Gradual decline is projected over the next thirty years.
Gradual deployment is a prescription for catastrophe.
Gradual depth makes swimming off dock ideal for children.
Gradual dilation is safer than having it done all at once.
Gradual divergence offers an explanation.
Some gradual effects bring rain.
Gradual emancipation is also out of step with modern sensibilities.
Gradual evolution results from small genetic changes that are acted upon by natural selection.
Gradual exposure is the key.
Gradual flares accelerate mostly protons and last for several days.
Gradual geology brings a new, dry climate.
Gradual implementation allows for evaluation prior to large time investments.
Gradual implementation has several distinct advantages.
Gradual improvement is seen in patients with allergic aspergillosis.
Gradual improvement is still improvement.
Gradual improvement suggests that there has been systemic change.
Gradual introduction is the key.
Gradual metamorphosis has stages.
Gradual metamorphosis is development from egg to nymph to adult.
Most gradual metamorphosis has stages.
Gradual muscle stretching and strengthening often help shin splint conditions heal faster.
Gradual pollution is insurable after a survey.
Gradual progress is made until launches result in flight attempts from the grass training slope.
Gradual progress is more important to the athlete than a fast time in a given race.
Gradual progress works well.
Gradual progression is the key to success.
Gradual recovery can occur after withdrawal of the offending drug.
Gradual recovery is a far more reliable indicator.
Gradual reductions aimed at enhancing a continued stability, on the other hand, are useful.
Gradual reductions provide comfortable conditions without overbrooding and wasting energy.
Some gradual reductions take places.
Gradual resolution occurs after uterine hypertonus is treated with terbutalin.
Gradual senescence is exhibited by all placental mammalian life histories.
Gradual slopes are ascended, but it seems as if our progress is halted before reaching the summit.
Gradual starts are divinely safe, compared to a jerk and go.
Gradual steps are more likely to win acceptance and lead to lasting change.
Gradual stops are safer than sudden stops.
Gradual undulations make for a generally easy walking course.
Gradual use turns to regular use, abuse to addiction.
Gradual withdrawal is almost always the best approach.
Gradual withdrawal is recommended to prevent acute exacerbation of parkinsonian symptoms.
Gradual withdrawal is recommended.
Graduate assistance is provided to help students decide what program to take.
Some graduate assistance is available.
Graduate assistants act as a bridge between undergraduates and faculty.
Graduate assistants aid faculty in their teaching, research, and extension responsibilities.
Graduate assistants aid the faculty with their instructional and research activities.
Graduate assistants are a unique temporary employee.
Graduate assistants are also eligible for tuition scholarships.
Graduate assistants are available for tutoring as requested.
Graduate assistants are current graduate students at Chicago, who assist faculty in courses.
Graduate assistants are eligible for special tuition awards.
Graduate assistants are eligible for supplemental funds.
Graduate assistants are exempt employees.
Graduate assistants are exempt from paying tuition.
Graduate assistants are exempt from the nonresident fee.
Graduate assistants are half time appointments compensated by tuition and a stipend.
Graduate assistants are highly trained, technically skilled, and hard working.
Graduate assistants are responsible for room and board expenses.
Graduate assistants are responsible for the payment of all student fees.
Graduate assistants carry an academic load of nine to twelve hours per semester.
Graduate assistants complete a one - two semester rotation in the center.
Graduate assistants engage in instructional and research activities and work with a faculty member.
Graduate assistants gain teaching or other professional experience.
Graduate assistants have a separate tuition benefit program.
Graduate assistants have flexibility.
Graduate assistants have individual mailboxes in the vicinity of their offices.
Graduate assistants have mailboxes located in the department office.
Graduate assistants have many responsibilities as instructors and as students.
Graduate assistants help faculty members with research activities.
Graduate assistants help faculty teach courses and carry out research.
Graduate assistants help faculty teach or conduct research.
Graduate assistants help with grading and other types of instructional support.
Graduate assistants holding half-time assistantships are exempt from nonresident tuition.
Graduate assistants pay a reduced academic fee.
Graduate assistants pay in-state tuition and fees.
Graduate assistants pay special academic fees.
Graduate assistants perform general service tasks for faculty, including grading, research, etc.
Graduate assistants provide administrative or research support to faculty.
Graduate assistants provide research, instruction, or related project assistance for the department.
Graduate assistants re ceive a waiver of a por tion of matriculation fees only.
Graduate assistants receive a monthly paycheck.
Graduate assistants receive a salary and tuition scholarship.
Graduate assistants receive a stipend and a waiver of tuition and fees.
Graduate assistants receive a stipend and have one-half of their tuition waived.
Graduate assistants receive a stipend and partial remission of fees.
Graduate assistants receive a stipend and pay substantially-reduced fees.
Graduate assistants receive a stipend and tuition assistance.
Graduate assistants receive a stipend for the academic year plus a tuition waiver for two semesters.
Graduate assistants receive a tuition scholarship and a monthly stipend.
Graduate assistants receive a waiver of a portion of matriculation fees only.
Graduate assistants receive a waiver of tuition.
Graduate assistants receive free tuition and a stipend.
Graduate assistants receive free tuition.
Graduate assistants receive full medical coverage at a nominal cost.
Graduate assistants receive health insurance as part of their compensation.
Graduate assistants receive state premium sharing.
Graduate assistants receive student decals.
Graduate assistants receive tuition and a stipend.
Graduate assistants receive tuition credit and a stipend as compensation.
Graduate assistants receive tuition waivers and monthly stipends as part of their assistantships.
Graduate assistants receive tuition waivers for fall semester, spring semester, and one summer term.
Graduate assistants register for a minimum of nine credit hours.
Graduate assistants serve as both research and teaching assistants.
Graduate assistants supervise undergraduate laboratory activities.
Graduate assistants take a maximum of nine hours of credit.
Graduate assistants teach less than three percent.
Graduate assistants teach no classes.
Graduate assistants teach one class of composition per semester.
Graduate assistants work as teachers or researchers.
Graduate assistants work in a team setting alongside librarians and library staff.
Graduate assistants work in the reading clinic and help faculty members with research activities.
Graduate assistants work with professional staff to make assessment referrals.
Graduate assistants work with their fellow students in peer education and health education.
All graduate assistants are also eligible to apply for a remission of tuition and most fees.
All graduate assistants are eligible for tuition remission.
All graduate assistants pay in-state tuition.
All graduate assistants pay resident fees.
All graduate assistants pay resident Wisconsin or Minnesota tuition and fees.
All graduate assistants receive a stipend for their work.
All graduate assistants receive their checks according to a predetermined schedule.
All graduate assistants receive waivers of the standard matriculation fee charged to all students.
Most graduate assistants get nine credits of free tuition per semester, or about three classes.
Most graduate assistants have flexibility.
Most graduate assistants require two years to complete the requirements for a master's degree.
Some graduate assistants teach primary classes at the freshman and sophomore level.
Graduate business courses other than accounting or taxation courses.
Graduate certificates can also be attractive to the post-master's population.
Most graduate classes are in a way set up more like undergraduate classes at home.
Graduate colleges are friendly and informal.
Graduate colleges offer a community that continues all the year round.
Graduate colleges offer facilities tailored specifically to graduate students.
All graduate courses meet once a week.
More graduate courses are in development, possibly emphasizing math in the middle school context.
Most Graduate courses have a cut-off date for applications.
Most graduate courses meet once a week in the fall and spring semesters.
Some graduate courses are also available.
Some graduate courses are open to undergraduates during their second semester in Madrid.
Some graduate courses require Internet access.
Graduate coursework is more attentive to epistemological issues.
Graduate coursework is more attentive to research.
Graduate coursework is more creative.
Graduate coursework is more rigorous.
Graduate coursework is more self-directed.
More graduate credit is available at an additional cost.
Graduate decisions are dependant upon the academic department.
Graduate degrees are also available.
Graduate degrees are available in about ninety fields.
Graduate degrees are available in sports management, sports administration, or wellness management.
Graduate degrees are beneficial for advancement and for positions in the larger organizations.
Graduate degrees are generally much more focused and require clearer definition of career goals.
Graduate degrees are possible as well.
Graduate degrees can require a minimum of thirty-six to a maximum of ninety credits.
Graduate degrees can take two or three additional years.
Graduate degrees command a premium.
Graduate degrees count toward experience.
Graduate degrees count toward the experience requirement.
Graduate degrees demonstrate vast knowledge, ability and determination.
Graduate degrees emphasize research, administration, instruction, and policy studies.
Graduate degrees increase lifetime earnings even more.
Graduate degrees lead to positions in educational institutions in teaching or research capacities.
Graduate degrees open the door to teaching positions at the college-university level.
Graduate degrees pay off in bigger paychecks.
Graduate degrees provide experienced educators with more advanced and in-depth studies.
Graduate degrees receive credit towards the experience requirement.
All graduate degrees require a research-based thesis.
Some graduate degrees are academic and others are professional in orientation.
Graduate departments have distinct academic focuses.
Most graduate departments require at least two recommendations.
Most graduate departments require genetics and microbiology for their advanced degrees.
Some graduate departments offer research or teaching assistantships to international students.
Graduate education assumes competence and knowledge at a baccalaureate level.
Graduate education can be an exciting experience in learning and discovery.
Graduate education can be costly.
Graduate education includes masters and doctoral study.
Graduate education increases employment possibilities for supervisory and management positions.
Graduate education involves a significant commitment of time and financial resources.
Graduate education involves learning how to present research ideas and results.
Graduate education is a complicated endeavor.
Graduate education is a continuation of a process begun in undergraduate teacher education.
Graduate education is a core product of the university.
Graduate education is a joint enterprise between student and advisor.
Graduate education is also a gateway to other professions, such as law or public health.
Graduate education is also the pipeline for higher education faculty.
Graduate education is an important mission of the college.
Graduate education is an important part of the department's instructional effort.
Graduate education is an integral goal of the center.
Graduate education is an opportunity for the student to develop into a professional scholar.
Graduate education is another area of interest.
Graduate education is at the head of all education.
Graduate education is basic to achieving national goals in two ways.
Graduate education is centered in academic program areas.
Graduate education is central to our identity as a research university.
Graduate education is central to our identity as a world-class research university.
Graduate education is conducted in five research focus groups.
Graduate education is considered as a major responsibility.
Graduate education is considered our highest priority.
Graduate education is encouraged as an avenue to expand career opportunities.
Graduate education is expensive.
Graduate education is fundamentally about becoming an independent scientist.
Graduate education is important to the university for other reasons as well.
Graduate education is in a congenial environment with supportive active faculty.
Graduate education is increasingly diverse and dynamic.
Graduate education is most often necessary for employment as a historian.
Graduate education is now essential for many fields of endeavor.
Graduate education is offered in most medical specialties.
Graduate education is one of the most important missions of the department.
Graduate education is over-rated.
Graduate education is significantly different from the undergraduate experience.
Graduate education is strongly encouraged and rewarded.
Graduate education is structured around the transmission of knowledge at the highest level.
Graduate education is the final stage in the development of intellectual independence.
Graduate education is the key to intellectual and disciplinal maturity.
Graduate education is the responsibility of our individual units.
Graduate education is vital to the quality of university teaching.
Graduate education offers great opportunities for international links and cooperation.
Graduate education offers opportunities for accountants.
Graduate education offers significant benefits to society.
Graduate education prepares students for advanced practice roles in a variety of settings.
Graduate education prepares students to make significant contributions to society.
Graduate education provides preparation for assumption of advanced practice roles.
Graduate education remains one of Nashville's best assets.
Graduate education requires students to actively take control of their own learning.
Graduate employment is spread across local, interstate, and overseas firms.
Most graduate engineers hold top-priority positions in a wide range of professional fields.
Graduate enrollment continues to remain strong.
Graduate enrollment is approximately twenty-five students.
Graduate enrollment is consistent.
Graduate enrollment is down nationally.
Graduate enrollment is down.
Graduate enrollment is small, affording the graduate student close faculty attention and support.
Graduate enrollment is typically in the upper thirties to low forties.
Graduate enrollment remains the university's highest priority.
Graduate enrolment is up.
All graduate faculty are eligible for membership.
Graduate fellowships are also available for support.
Graduate fellowships are also available for the most highly qualified candidates.
Graduate fellowships are also available which provide waiver of tuition.
Graduate fellowships are also available.
Graduate fellowships are available for students who meet specific criteria.
Graduate fellowships are available for students working in the addiction area .
Graduate fellowships are available on a competitive basis to both entering and continuing students.
Graduate fellowships are available on a competitive basis.
Graduate fellowships are available.
Graduate fellowships are tuition plus stipends.
Graduate fellowships provide financial support to some of our most promising graduate students.
Graduate funding comes from a number of sources.
Graduate funding is available for teaching courses in both literature and languages.
Graduate funding is available.
Graduate houses have a common area living space, kitchen facilities and double bedrooms only.
Most graduate institutions offer similar programs.
Graduate level requires additional features in the course project.
Graduate level requires additional features in the project.
Graduate level requires research on effective use of digitized video-audio for instruction.
Graduate levels are good.
All graduate levels have library orientations offered as well.
Graduate life can be the best of times, but it can often seem like the worst of times.
Graduate materials are now available on line.
Graduate membership is open to graduate students meeting the criteria listed above.
A graduate nurse is a nurse
Graduate nurses are nurses.
Graduate nurses are prepared to administer direct nursing care in a variety of clinical settings.
Graduate nurses are welcome to apply.
Graduate nurses prepare themselves to practice in diverse rural and urban settings.
Some graduate offerings are available at selected extended studies campuses.
Graduate outcome looks at the graduation rate and college board scores.
All graduate papers are eligible for the graduate prizes.
Graduate procession closes ranks and marches to seating area.
Graduate Program Find out about the graduate program.
Graduate program offers Ph.D. degree in seven of the basic sciences and medical zoology.
Graduate programs accept students from most biological and chemical backgrounds.
Graduate programs are also available in Asheville.
Graduate programs are also available.
Graduate programs are an integral component of the department's basic and applied research program.
Graduate programs are an integral part of the university research environment.
Graduate programs are approximately two years long, with accelerated summer semesters.
Graduate programs are available for students choosing third option.
Graduate programs are available in education, business, and accountancy.
Graduate programs are available in education.
Graduate programs are available in engineering, the sciences, mathematics and industrial management.
Graduate programs are available in the following areas of study.
Graduate programs are available through all three schools.
Graduate programs are available through the Ph.D. level.
Graduate programs are available to students at the master level and at the doctoral level.
Graduate programs are available.
Graduate programs are by research only and can be tailored to individual requirements.
Graduate programs are central to the department's research and generation of knowledge efforts.
Graduate programs are comprehensive, and interdisciplinary study is encouraged.
Graduate programs are courses of study.
Graduate programs are essential for recruiting top faculty members.
Graduate programs are highly individualized.
Graduate programs are highly specialized and much more advanced than undergraduate programs.
Graduate programs are in areas of administration and management.
Graduate programs are individualized to meet the respective needs of the students.
Graduate programs are limited to three nominations for Bevier fellowships per year.
Graduate programs are more individualized.
Graduate programs are similar.
Graduate programs are strong and offered in selected areas that have emphasized our mission.
Graduate programs are the heart and soul of a research institution.
Graduate programs are, by nature, expensive.
Graduate programs augment the university's curricular offerings.
Graduate programs demand higher grades than undergraduate programs.
Graduate programs do require some coursework.
Graduate programs emphasize both laboratory work and original research.
Graduate programs focus on concentrated study in the areas of teaching and learning.
Graduate programs focus on minorities and women.
Graduate programs focus on the disciplines of education, counseling, health science and theology.
Graduate programs follow strict rules.
Graduate programs have master and doctoral programs.
Graduate programs have more applicants than money, but try to divide it among the best applicants.
Graduate programs have vigorous community connections for student placements.
Graduate programs impart a broad spectrum of knowledge and develop independent thought.
Graduate programs lead to either research or professional degrees.
Graduate programs leading to master's and Ph.D. degrees also are available.
Graduate programs necessitate advanced requirements and a range of credits.
Graduate programs prepare nurses to be educators, administrators, practitioners and researchers.
Graduate programs provide additional professional development experiences for In service teachers.
Graduate programs provide additional professional development experiences for inservice teachers.
Graduate programs provide additional professional development experiences for in-service teachers.
Graduate programs provide advanced professional education and intellectual depth.
Graduate programs provide continued professional development for in-service teachers.
Graduate programs provide opportunities for advanced study in computer engineering.
Graduate programs provide regionally appropriate professional and academic studies.
Graduate programs provide students and faculty opportunities for advanced scholarship and learning.
Graduate programs qualify as well.
Graduate programs rely on a wealth of expertise from several disciplines.
Graduate programs remain small.
Graduate programs require a great deal of reading and writing.
Graduate programs seek to model cooperative and reciprocal learning.
Graduate programs send letters to awardees.
Graduate programs serve as a base for the strong research capabilities of our universities.
Graduate programs stress scholarship as a basis for all professional endeavors.
Graduate programs vary according to department.
All graduate programs are eligible to apply for enhancement funding.
All graduate programs begin in the fall.
All graduate programs designed for research professions or doctoral programs require a thesis.
All graduate programs follow the scientist-practitioner model of training.
All graduate programs have assistantship support available for qualified applicants.
All graduate programs maintain a favorable student-faculty ratio.
All graduate programs meet national standards of excellence.
All graduate programs offer advanced seminars and at least a modicum of practical training.
All graduate programs offer flexibility in course choices.
All graduate programs offered are full-time and available to international students.
All graduate programs require a classical audition.
All graduate programs require an interview with the theory faculty.
All graduate programs require one or more courses in research design and quantitative methods.
All graduate programs require three letters of recommendation.
Any graduate program requires work, dedication and commitment to learning.
Every graduate program gets far more applicants than can be trained.
Every graduate program requires a significant culminating project or capstone experience.
Many graduate programs admit students into specific labs with a specific faculty member.
Many graduate programs award fellowships to students majoring in specific areas.
Many graduate programs have a limited number of assistantships they can offer graduate students.
Many graduate programs have a minimum cut-off for the combined verbal and quantitative scores.
Many graduate programs have earlier application deadlines.
Many graduate programs have earlier deadlines.
Many graduate programs host a departmental orientation program as well.
Many graduate programs incorporate foreign research experiences into the curriculum.
Many graduate programs like to meet prospective students.
Many graduate programs offer training in specialized sub-divisions of anthropology.
Many graduate programs require a reading knowledge of French, German, or Russian.
Many graduate programs require additional information along with the basic application.
Many graduate programs require knowledge of a second language.
Many graduate programs require master's degree candidates to prepare a thesis.
Many graduate programs require proficiency in a foreign language.
Many graduate programs require reading knowledge of French, German, or Russian.
Many graduate programs schedule classes in the evening and on weekends.
Many graduate programs view ABET accreditation as consideration for admissions.
Most graduate programs admit in the spring and in the fall.
Most graduate programs are at large universities where faculty are under pressure to publish.
Most graduate programs are closely related to our research activities.
Most graduate programs assume a working knowledge of computers.
Most graduate programs demand some degree of specialization.
Most graduate programs have earlier dates.
Most graduate programs have earlier deadlines.
Most graduate programs have many more applicants than there are openings in their programs.
Most graduate programs list admissions requirements on their website.
Most graduate programs offer research in inorganic, organic and physical chemistry.
Most graduate programs offer specializations within a major.
Most graduate programs offer top graduate students an assistantship.
Most graduate programs pay tuition costs and a stipend for basic living expenses.
Most graduate programs require an admissions test.
Most graduate programs require oral defense of theses and dissertations.
Most graduate programs require people who have completed university level study in recent years.
Most graduate programs require scores from a standardized graduate admissions test.
Most graduate programs require that two language exams be passed within the first two years.
Most graduate programs require three letters of recommendation.
Most graduate programs require two or more letters of recommendation.
Some graduate programs accommodate opportunities for off-campus internships.
Some graduate programs admit students only at specific times of the year.
Some graduate programs are much more selective than others.
Some graduate programs are relatively large with more than one hundred graduate students.
Some graduate programs have a limited number of tuition scholarships available to students.
Some graduate programs have additional admission requirements.
Some graduate programs have additional requirements for admission.
Some graduate programs have earlier deadlines.
Some graduate programs have higher minimum admission requirements.
Some graduate programs have specific undergraduate course prerequisites.
Some graduate programs have their applications posted on their website.
Some graduate programs have very limited openings and require an early filing date.
Some graduate programs have work experience requirements and some admit only every other year.
Some graduate programs offer scholarships based on different criteria.
Some graduate programs offer special courses that give each school a unique opportunity.
Some graduate programs prefer that students have several years of work experience.
Some graduate programs require a reading knowledge of one or more languages other than English.
Some graduate programs require a thesis.
Some graduate programs require a written comprehensive examination.
Some graduate programs require students to own a personal computer.
Some graduate programs require style manuals or guides designed for journal articles.
Some graduate programs require teaching as part of the Ph.D. requirements.
Some graduate programs require the establishment of a supervisory committee for each student.
Some graduate programs require writing samples, artwork samples, etc.
Some graduate programs seek students with backgrounds in liberal arts or science backgrounds.
Some graduate programs specialize in creative writing.
All graduate projects are due today.
Graduate registration is a different process.
Graduate registration occurs during the first week of classes.
Graduate research is an essential part of students' theses and dissertations.
Graduate research is assisted by the newly equipped archaeology laboratory.
Graduate research is completed at the corporate site and tied to corporate applications.
Graduate research is conducted by five research focus groups described in further detail below.
Graduate research is facilitated by access to computer facilities and a central computer network.
Graduate research is supported by a curriculum strong in biological control and supportive fields.
Graduate research is the creative life force of all the research programs on both campuses.
Graduate residence is free.
Graduate salary is based on the number of credits and academic years completed.
A graduate school is a school
Graduate school awaits.
Graduate school can be a difficult, draining experience.
Graduate school can be a traumatic experience.
Graduate school can be a wonderful time full of happy moments and personal and intellectual growth.
Graduate school can be an extremely humbling experience.
Graduate school can be difficult, but it can also be rewarding.
Graduate school can be intense.
Graduate school can be the best period in a student's life.
Graduate school can be very intimidating, at times.
Graduate school can do a lot to undermine one's sense of self.
Graduate school can last from two to five years.
Graduate school does little to nurture personal skills.
Graduate school involves work on a time scale that is somewhat unique.
Graduate school is extremely expensive and every little bit helps.
Graduate school is far more difficult than undergraduate.
Graduate school is hard enough without outside obstacles.
Graduate school is hard work, and students approach it like a full time job.
Graduate school is much more analytical.
Graduate school is tough, and the support of one's peers can make all the difference in the world.
Graduate school offers more specialized study.
Graduate school requires more than intelligence.
Graduate school requires quite a bit of reading, writing, research, and presentations.
Graduate school teaches perspective, a sense of the limits of what one knows.
Graduate schools are also more interested in skills.
Graduate schools are pretty good at selecting students who can succeed.
Graduate schools are quite selective.
Graduate schools are reluctant to accept students who appear to be fishing for something to do.
Graduate schools are schools.
Graduate schools can accept only a small percentage of the applicants.
Graduate schools consider a number of factors in their admissions decisions.
Graduate schools consider a variety of factors in selecting students.
Graduate schools encourage students.
Graduate schools expect high initiative and self-discipline from students.
Graduate schools expect to give partial support to incoming students.
Graduate schools keep their own lists of financial aid resources.
Graduate schools live by the law of supply and demand.
Graduate schools recruit and educate candidates for the profession.
Graduate schools require different information and materials for admission.
Graduate schools require scores on a specified standardized exam.
Graduate schools tend to want students with intellectual ability and a good work ethic.
Graduate schools use grades as a dividing line, high grades show strong study skills.
Graduate schools vary a great deal in their organizational structure.
Graduate schools vary greatly in their attitudes toward language requirements in the sciences.
Graduate schools vary widely in how selective they are.
All graduate schools are open to international students.
All graduate schools require official transcripts.
Many graduate schools have a minimum GPA requirement for students applying to their programs.
Many graduate schools offer assistantships to help defray the cost of a graduate education.
Many graduate schools offer assistantships to help defray the costs of a graduate education.
Many graduate schools offer programs in applied and computational linguistics.
Many graduate schools offer teaching and research assistantships on a very competitive basis.
Many graduate schools offer teaching and research assistantships.
Many graduate schools offer theatre arts as an academic or professional area of study.
Many graduate schools provide loan funds for emergencies or unexpected expenses.
Many graduate schools recommend a broad background in different areas of psychology.
Many graduate schools require a reading knowledge of either German or French.
Many graduate schools require additional course work in literature.
Many graduate schools require reading competency in one or more languages.
Many graduate schools require that entering students have passed an inferential statistics course.
Many graduate schools require that students have had research experience at the undergraduate level.
Many graduate schools weigh letters very highly.
Most graduate schools admit new students for the fall term only.
Most graduate schools attempt to diversify their students.
Most graduate schools consider it a major responsibility to help their graduates find employment.
Most graduate schools encourage students.
Most graduate schools have fellowship offices.
Most graduate schools have web pages with program information, much like an on-line catalog.
Most graduate schools offer an array of programs.
Most graduate schools pay stipends and grant tuition remission for their students.
Most graduate schools provide a form designed to provide that information.
Most graduate schools require a personal statement as a part of the application.
Most graduate schools require a standardized test score as part of the application procedure.
Most graduate schools require a test for entrance.
Most graduate schools require applications with essays as well as entrance exams.
Most graduate schools require at least three letters of recommendation.
Most graduate schools require chemistry, physics, and mathematics through calculus.
Most graduate schools require some form of standardized entry exam.
Most graduate schools require the successful completion of a summer geological field camp.
Most graduate schools require three letters of recommendation.
Most graduate schools require two or three letters.
Some graduate schools allow statistics as a substitute for a required foreign language.
Some graduate schools consider it better preparation for graduate study.
Some graduate schools hold examinations for foreign exchange students and general people.
Some graduate schools offer special screening examination for students from other countries.
Some graduate schools offer specialized scholarships and awards.
Some graduate schools require a few years of work experience first.
Some graduate schools require a personal interview.
Some graduate schools require entrance exams for admission.
Some graduate schools require the score as a part of admissions application.
Some graduate schools require the subject test.
Some graduate schools use undergraduate research in their admission decisions.
Graduate seminars offer intensive study of selected authors, works, and topics.
Some graduate space is also available.
Graduate status is required.
A graduate student is a collegian
Graduate student Correct the program of study, if necessary, with the committee chair's approval.
Graduate student develops a model to assist with sizing and timing catalytic igniters.
Graduate student moderators compile summaries of the discussions at each table.
Graduate student presents a formal seminar based on thesis research or scholarly paper.
Graduate student stipends fully cover tuition, living expenses and health insurance.
Graduate student stipends vary according to student status.
Graduate student stipends.
Graduate students achieve greater confidence in the knowledge and skills already acquired.
Graduate students act as graders for many courses, and supervise lab sessions for courses with labs.
Graduate students act as teaching assistants who lead discussion sections.
Graduate students advise the undergraduate editorial staff.
Graduate students answer all six questions.
Graduate students answer five questions.
Graduate students answer the hot line weekday evenings.
Graduate students apply for and receive financial aid from a number of sources.
Graduate students apply to, and are admitted to, one of the participating departments.
Graduate students approach the job search with a highly specialized field of knowledge.
Graduate students are a growing area of concern on campuses.
Graduate students are a large, untapped and under appreciated resource.
Graduate students are a needed leavening in any academic community.
Graduate students are a valuable component of the department.
Graduate students are a vital component of our department.
Graduate students are a wonderful resource as well as undergraduate TAs.
Graduate students are able to obtain a degree with an equine emphasis in research.
Graduate students are able to take upper division undergraduate professors, with permission.
Graduate students are already underpaid and overworked.
Graduate students are also afraid to speak up.
Graduate students are also eligible for membership.
Graduate students are also eligible for various scholarships and fellowships.
Graduate students are also eligible if enrolled less than half-time.
Graduate students are also eligible to apply for co-op jobs.
Graduate students are also eligible to apply for graduate assistantships.
Graduate students are also eligible to apply for loans and work study programs.
Graduate students are also eligible to apply.
Graduate students are also eligible to join.
Graduate students are also eligible to participate.
Graduate students are also eligible.
Graduate students are also particularly welcome with award opportunities for best graduate papers.
Graduate students are also there to talk about student life.
Graduate students are also welcome to enrol in the Advanced Diploma.
Graduate students are also welcome to join.
Graduate students are also welcome to take the course.
Graduate students are also welcome to use our conference room.
Graduate students are also welcome.
Graduate students are among the most important members of a research university community.
Graduate students are among the most isolated group on campus.
Graduate students are an important aspect of the teaching process.
Graduate students are an important part of the research program.
Graduate students are an integral part of the community.
Graduate students are an integral part of the department's research activities.
Graduate students are an integral part of the research and outreach conducted by faculty.
Graduate students are an integral part of the research community.
Graduate students are an integral part of the research ef fort of the department.
Graduate students are an integral part of the research effort.
Graduate students are an irreplaceable link in the chain of any thriving intellectual community.
Graduate students are an unusual breed.
Graduate students are available for peer tutoring.
Graduate students are both students and employees.
Graduate students are by far the heaviest library users, however.
Graduate students are collegians.
Graduate students are competitive, and some faculty members have their favorites.
Graduate students are easy to teach.
Graduate students are eligible as well.
Graduate students are eligible by faculty nomination.
Graduate students are eligible for all summer jobs also.
Graduate students are eligible for apartments in Cliff .
Graduate students are eligible for certain financial aid programs, including student loans.
Graduate students are eligible for fellowships, assistantships, and other awards.
Graduate students are eligible for financial aid from the programs described below.
Graduate students are eligible for further reduced rates.
Graduate students are eligible for graduate assistantships and graduate scholarships.
Graduate students are eligible for graduate school fellowships and general academic scholarships.
Graduate students are eligible for library carrels for study and research.
Graduate students are eligible for loans and work-study.
Graduate students are eligible for many of the same types of financial aid as undergraduates.
Graduate students are eligible for most of the same types of financial aid as undergraduates.
Graduate students are eligible for only one Seed Money award.
Graduate students are eligible for regular part-time student worker positions.
Graduate students are eligible for student membership.
Graduate students are eligible for student memberships.
Graduate students are eligible for study carrels located in the bookstacks.
Graduate students are eligible for teaching and research assistantships through the department.
Graduate students are eligible for teaching and research assistantships.
Graduate students are eligible for the program.
Graduate students are eligible on a space-available basis only.
Graduate students are eligible only at the end of their degree program.
Graduate students are eligible though undergrads are given preference.
Graduate students are eligible to apply for assistantships and departmental scholarships.
Graduate students are eligible to apply for on-campus housing.
Graduate students are eligible to apply.
Graduate students are eligible to compete for many fellowships.
Graduate students are eligible to enroll in all courses offered in the program.
Graduate students are eligible to participate in intramural sports and some varsity teams.
Graduate students are eligible to participate, but only undergraduate credit is available.
Graduate students are eligible.
Graduate students are encourage to apply.
Graduate students are encourage to submit proposals or papers.
Graduate students are especially encouraged to present their work.
Graduate students are especially encouraged to present.
Graduate students are especially encouraged.
Graduate students are especially welcome as participants, panelists, and paper givers.
Graduate students are especially welcome.
Graduate students are essential for faculty members to carry on important research.
Graduate students are essential for research as they are the ones involved in the hands-on aspect.
Graduate students are essential for teaching lab courses.
Graduate students are essential participants in carrying out the research programs of the college.
Graduate students are essential to a research university.
Graduate students are fine.
Graduate students are free to negotiate a grade scheme for the class with the professor.
Graduate students are free to work in a friendly, politically neutral environment.
Graduate students are from throughout the United States and other nations.
Graduate students are generally impressed with the congenial, collegiate atmosphere that prevails.
Graduate students are generally professionals enrolled on part-time basis.
Graduate students are highly encouraged to submit proposals.
Graduate students are in a perfect position to reflect on freshman year.
Graduate students are ineligible to apply.
Graduate students are ineligible.
Graduate students are integral members of our research teams.
Graduate students are intelligent people.
Graduate students are just too old for that.
Graduate students are limited to five rush requests per semester.
Graduate students are limited to sixteen units for the total summer.
Graduate students are limited to two years.
Graduate students are list in alphabetical order.
Graduate students are located in universities.
Graduate students are more likely to get a scholarship.
Graduate students are more of a mixed bag.
Graduate students are more than welcome to give a seminar on their thesis or project.
Graduate students are necessary professionals.
Graduate students are needy, almost by definition.
Graduate students are nervous.
Graduate students are of high quality and are in demand for employment.
Graduate students are often co-advised.
Graduate students are particularly welcome to participate.
Graduate students are particularly welcome.
Graduate students are partners in the research effort.
Graduate students are poor enough already.
Graduate students are preferred.
Graduate students are prepared for professional careers in foods and nutrition, or further studies.
Graduate students are quick to join causes.
Graduate students are responsible for all of the work assigned to undergraduates.
Graduate students are responsible for coordinating and supervising the programs.
Graduate students are responsible for finding their own housing.
Graduate students are responsible for keeping there area clean.
Graduate students are responsible for keeping track of final drop dates.
Graduate students are responsible for meeting with the program chair to develop a degree plan.
Graduate students are some of the unhappiest people on earth.
Graduate students are students.
Graduate students are subject to all eligibility rules.
Graduate students are the entrepreneurs, educators, and researchers of tomorrow.
Graduate students are the faculty's young disciples who ensure the continuity of learning . . .
Graduate students are the faculty's young disciples who ensure the continuity of learning. . . .
Graduate students are the first to register for each semester.
Graduate students are the key to creativity.
Graduate students are the leaders of tomorrow.
Graduate students are the least satisfied with circulation hours.
Graduate students are the life and inspiration of a research program.
Graduate students are the very blood of our department.
Graduate students are to do all readings.
Graduate students are to do all the recommended reading.
Graduate students are to meet with the instructor to determine additional course requirements.
Graduate students are to utilize other resources.
Graduate students are too serious.
Graduate students are ultimately responsible for their own programs.
Graduate students are university students.
Graduate students are usually doctoral candidates, but occasionally, masters' candidates.
Graduate students are usually only eligible for loans.
Graduate students are very important.
Graduate students are welcome and encouraged to apply.
Graduate students are welcome and encouraged to get involved.
Graduate students are welcome if space is available.
Graduate students are welcome on a space-axailable basis.
Graduate students are welcome to affiliate with one of the colleges.
Graduate students are welcome to apply under more stringent requirements.
Graduate students are welcome to apply, however preference is given to undergraduate students.
Graduate students are welcome to apply.
Graduate students are welcome to attend any event of interest.
Graduate students are welcome to inquire.
Graduate students are welcome to nominate themselves.
Graduate students are welcome to participate.
Graduate students are welcome to propose pre-constituted panels.
Graduate students are welcome to take the course.
Graduate students are welcome too.
Graduate students are welcome, but only undergraduate credit is available.
Graduate students are welcome.
Graduate students are well trained to criticize existing research.
Graduate students are workers.
Graduate students are, by definition, the future of the academic profession.
Graduate students are, virtually by definition, a money-losing prospect.
Graduate students arrange for necessary adjustments directly with their instructors.
Graduate students arrange their own housing off-campus.
Graduate students assist in grading and in the instruction of undergraduate laboratories.
Graduate students assist in peparation and presentation of lecture.
Graduate students assist in the provision of all services offered through the institute.
Graduate students associate with a wide range of research programs conducted by faculty members.
Graduate students attach themselves early and tightly to individual professors.
Graduate students attend the lecture portion of the undergraduate psychopharmacology class.
Graduate students attend the same classes and lectures as the undergraduates.
Graduate students become proficient in a wide variety of computer techniques.
Graduate students benefit from a diverse base of research and training opportunities.
Graduate students benefit from a highly productive research atmosphere in the department.
Graduate students benefit from greater focus and also enjoy close interaction with faculty members.
Graduate students benefit from our small class sizes and excellent student to faculty ratio.
Graduate students can acquire information regarding funding and registration there.
Graduate students can also apply for per-course teaching positions.
Graduate students can also apply.
Graduate students can also become wellness peer health consultants.
Graduate students can also do course work and practice teaching in other countries.
Graduate students can also participate in study abroad.
Graduate students can also receive financial aid through either fellowships, loans or bursaries.
Graduate students can apply for an unsubsidized loan by requesting one from their counselor.
Graduate students can apply for one of several graduate assistantships.
Graduate students can apply for teaching and research assistantships awarded by the department.
Graduate students can assume at least three hours, and perhaps more.
Graduate students can attend at a reduced rate.
Graduate students can be either part or full time.
Graduate students can be instrumental in helping to recruit.
Graduate students can check out fifteen books for two months.
Graduate students can choose an area of focus or work with various techniques and styles.
Graduate students can choose to concentrate either in literature or linguistics.
Graduate students can defer both interest and principal while in school.
Graduate students can defer even further.
Graduate students can develop a high language proficiency by attending on a non-credit basis.
Graduate students can earn a stipend, room and board, or both, by working in residence halls.
Graduate students can easily find comfortable accomodations within walking distance of the campus .
Graduate students can either run particular programs or volunteer hours to aid programs.
Graduate students can establish their own accounts.
Graduate students can feel intimidated by their PI and co-workers.
Graduate students can find computer facilities at several places.
Graduate students can find out about possible funding for postdoctoral positions.
Graduate students can focus their program of study on foodservice or hospitality management.
Graduate students can gain direct teaching experience by preparing and teaching a short module.
Graduate students can give poster sessions at local industry and biotech companies.
Graduate students can go on internship for credits.
Graduate students can have two pages if necessary.
Graduate students can locate funding sources and fellowships.
Graduate students can major in nuclear science, specializing in several areas of interest.
Graduate students can no longer afford to be apolitical.
Graduate students can normally get scholarships or asistantships.
Graduate students can now apply for admission on-line by clicking here .
Graduate students can now make appointments with a graduate consultant.
Graduate students can obtain additional information from their advisers.
Graduate students can often arrange thesis projects that have direct industrial relevance.
Graduate students can participate in a large number of research activities.
Graduate students can participate in on-grounds recruiting.
Graduate students can pass the exams in the introductory course.
Graduate students can play for the second team.
Graduate students can prepare for their language exams.
Graduate students can present the fine points of their research with posters.
Graduate students can provide concepts and approaches if the client s needs require new knowledge.
Graduate students can provide considerable professional or paraprofessional project support.
Graduate students can pursue their research in the sections listed below.
Graduate students can receive financial support in several ways.
Graduate students can receive grant writing assistance on a by-appointment basis.
Graduate students can receive help by consulting with their major professor.
Graduate students can register all four days.
Graduate students can request a key card for night access.
Graduate students can see graduate advisors at the times and locations listed below.
Graduate students can select among a variety of seminars taught by excellent professors.
Graduate students can specialize in either geology or geophysics.
Graduate students can submit an abstract for an oral or poster presentation.
Graduate students can take advantage of the many fine restaurants and live music venues.
Graduate students can take part in the dialogue with the submitter while in a class on the topic.
Graduate students can use the center to conduct research on food products.
Graduate students can use the department photocopier.
Graduate students can use the lab at any time.
Graduate students can use the lounge to study, hold meetings and socialize.
Graduate students can work with professors on research topics in any participating department.
Graduate students carry a full load of three classes per semester.
Graduate students carry large debts.
Graduate students change of registration deadline . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Graduate students choose courses and a thesis topic according to their own interests.
Graduate students click Here to apply for graduate admission.
Graduate students come from a rich mix of disciplines, cultures and experiences.
Graduate students come from a variety of academic and professional practice experiences.
Graduate students come from a variety of backgrounds and from different colleges and universities.
Graduate students come from all over America.
Graduate students come from all over the United States and abroad.
Graduate students come from all over the world.
Graduate students come from all parts of the United States and a number of foreign countries.
Graduate students come from many different states and several foreign countries.
Graduate students come from most of the fifty states and from more than seventy countries.
Graduate students come from throughout the U.S. and around the world.
Graduate students come from varied backgrounds and from different parts of the country and world.
Graduate students come in for one year.
Graduate students come into offices.
Graduate students come to study the literatures and cultures of Spain and of Latin America.
Graduate students come to the architecture program with diverse backgrounds and life experience.
Graduate students come with much better technical skills than many faculty members.
Graduate students complete a degree program approved by the individuals above.
Graduate students complete a research master's degree in two years and a PhD in four years.
Graduate students complete three summer sessions and two regular semester evening classes.
Graduate students completing their research also present a seminar.
Graduate students comply with standards described in the graduate catalog.
Graduate students conduct individual research project.
Graduate students conduct original research for a thesis or project.
Graduate students conduct specialized research rather than taking courses in the classroom.
Graduate students conduct their research in one of the participating departments.
Graduate students conduct their research in the laboratory of their major professor.
Graduate students consider a large number of graduate programs.
Graduate students contact the graduate office .
Graduate students contact their graduate advisors.
Graduate students continue to be productive in their research and writing.
Graduate students continue to pay on a credit hour basis.
Graduate students contribute energy, commitment, ideas, and new techniques.
Graduate students contribute greatly to the functioning of the university.
Graduate students create an on-line journal about technology in middle schools.
Graduate students defend proposals and dissertations online.
Graduate students deserve a forum to get that training.
Graduate students deserve a much larger share of attention than they currently get.
Graduate students develop original works with the guidance of dance faculty.
Graduate students develop strong teaching skills.
Graduate students do a longer research paper and lead discussion for half a class period.
Graduate students do a project instead of the final.
Graduate students do an advanced project.
Graduate students do an extra content report and write a course paper.
Graduate students do have that thirst for new knowledge.
Graduate students do have the option of requesting conventional letter grades.
Graduate students do indeed become experts within their field of study.
Graduate students document questions and provide solutions.
Graduate students document the questions and, when possible, provide solutions.
Graduate students earn only one credit for internship work no matter how many hours worked.
Graduate students elect nine representatives at large.
Graduate students elect representatives to all relevant departmental committees.
Graduate students emphasize physiological or behavioral aspects of human movement.
Graduate students emphasize physiological or behavorial aspects of human movement.
Graduate students enjoy a variety of support services on campus.
Graduate students enjoy excellent athletic and recreational facilities as well.
Graduate students enjoy extended borrowing periods.
Graduate students enjoy small classrooms and ease of access to the faculty.
Graduate students enroll first and usually have no trouble obtaining classes needed.
Graduate students enroll for supervised teaching credits in their department.
Graduate students enroll for two years of field instruction.
Graduate students enroll in courses from multiple departments inside and outside of engineering.
Graduate students enroll to pursue degrees in any of the four sub-disciplines.
Graduate students enter doctoral and master's level degrees.
Graduate students enter their doctoral training with enthusiasm, joy, and openness.
Graduate students entering the Ph.D. program have diverse backgrounds and levels of preparation.
Graduate students escort individual applicants to rooms for individual interviews.
Graduate students excel in learning and picking up new skills.
Graduate students exploring dissertation topics are especially welcome.
Graduate students find that their academic and social lives tend to center around their departments.
Graduate students form a core element of the proposed activities.
Graduate students gain practical experience while providing a service to the community.
Graduate students gain the opportunity to learn firsthand about industry's needs.
Graduate students gain valuable experience in the gallery.
Graduate students get a step ahead on their research projects.
Graduate students get replacement permits from their departments.
Graduate students get single rooms, undergraduates double.
Graduate students give both written and oral presentations of data analyses.
Graduate students give careful consideration to research, information, and bibliographic references.
Graduate students graduate student pages and projects .
Graduate students greet applicants and host the reception.
Graduate students have a broad range of options from which to complete and enrich their education.
Graduate students have a common goal of doing good thesis research.
Graduate students have a great deal of independence and are immersed in all aspects of a project.
Graduate students have a lot of responsibilities to fulfill with teaching and attending classes.
Graduate students have a lounge and offices, in addition to access to several computer rooms.
Graduate students have a new home on the south campus.
Graduate students have a responsibility to participate in the campus community.
Graduate students have a right to professional training.
Graduate students have a right to reasonable confidentiality in their communication with professors.
Graduate students have a right to respectful mentorship.
Graduate students have a specific time limit to complete their degrees.
Graduate students have access to a computer lab for project work with faculty members.
Graduate students have access to all telescopes and instruments.
Graduate students have access to computers in their research laboratories.
Graduate students have access to departmental E-mail and laser printers and a networked computer.
Graduate students have access to the stacks.
Graduate students have access to the xerox machine for work-related purposes.
Graduate students have additional course requirements for design and implementation of a project.
Graduate students have an additional financial resource.
Graduate students have an excellent opportunity to become involved in funded research projects.
Graduate students have an important role in the life of their department.
Graduate students have an opportunity to emphasize either nutrition or food science.
Graduate students have an opportunity to emphasize in either nutrition or food science.
Graduate students have an opportunity to gain teaching experience during their years of study.
Graduate students have appointments as teaching or research assistants during the academic year.
Graduate students have even higher expectations for using technology.
Graduate students have exclusive access to a bank of workstations and Xterminals.
Graduate students have full access to the many nearby manuscript repositories.
Graduate students have full access to university libraries.
Graduate students have full world email and Web access.
Graduate students have great flexibility in their course choices.
Graduate students have have success.
Graduate students have many opportunities to engage in research at virtually all campuses.
Graduate students have many opportunities to exercise communication skills.
Graduate students have many opportunities to work closely with advisers of their choice.
Graduate students have many unique opportunities in the department.
Graduate students have much at stake in the allocation of projects.
Graduate students have much the same reaction as they make the transition from undergraduate life.
Graduate students have no territorial limit.
Graduate students have no territorial limits.
Graduate students have no way of planning out the rest of their careers.
Graduate students have offices in the lab complex.
Graduate students have one year to make arrangements with the instructor to remove the incomplete.
Graduate students have passwords for web access.
Graduate students have priority for core undergraduate courses they are required to take.
Graduate students have priority.
Graduate students have semester loans.
Graduate students have similar priviledges to check out resources as do faculty.
Graduate students have six calendar years to complete their degree.
Graduate students have some additional participation requirements.
Graduate students have some additional requirements.
Graduate students have the answers themselves.
Graduate students have the benefits, rights and privileges of other members.
Graduate students have the choice of living on or off campus.
Graduate students have the opportunity for internships as well.
Graduate students have the opportunity for literacy research.
Graduate students have the opportunity to invite and host speakers.
Graduate students have the opportunity to work closely with faculty in their fields of study.
Graduate students have the option to purchase the university Insurance coverage if they desire.
Graduate students have the right of an explanation if exceptions are made.
Graduate students have the right to academic freedom.
Graduate students have the right to pursue their chosen career path.
Graduate students have the right to reasonable confidentiality in their communications with faculty.
Graduate students have the right to receive advice and encouragement from faculty and advisors.
Graduate students have the right to regular guidance, discussion, and feedback from their advisors.
Graduate students have the same check out privilege as faculty for periodicals.
Graduate students have the support of undergraduates.
Graduate students have two years to develop their work and critical skills.
Graduate students have unlimited renewals.
Graduate students have work appropriate to the master's level.
Graduate students having completed their course work are eligible for one or two years of support.
Graduate students help in teaching the department's basic course.
Graduate students help in the undergraduate laboratories and as tutors in undergraduate courses.
Graduate students help with implementation and development of the computer programs.
Graduate students involved in the research also act as additional resources for high school interns.
Graduate students join undergraduates for the lectures, but have their own discussion section.
Graduate students know one another and enjoy supportive, congenial working conditions.
Graduate students know that cheating on academic work results in failure.
Graduate students know what graduate students' needs are.
Graduate students lead the activities and assist in program administration.
Graduate students lead writing group sessions.
Graduate students learn firsthand about industry's needs.
Graduate students learn techniques.
Graduate students learn to analyze and critique scholarly research.
Graduate students learn to do research in an apprenticeship with one or more faculty members.
Graduate students lecture on background material for colloquia using recent publications.
Graduate students live all over the place, and have a wide range of living expenses.
Graduate students live both on and off campus.
Graduate students live in off-campus housing.
Graduate students live off campus in the surrounding community.
Graduate students live very busy, stress-filled, and intense lives.
Graduate students look on in the background.
Graduate students maintain their accounts provided they are registered.
Graduate students make adjustments directly with their instructors.
Graduate students make up nearly one-third of the university's on campus enrollment.
Graduate students meet for lunch with speakers, allowing for informal interactions.
Graduate students meet formally with their advisors and advisory committees at least once per year.
Graduate students meet with individual committees composed of three faculty members.
Graduate students mutter in alarm.
Graduate students obtain teaching experience in laboratory and lecture courses.
Graduate students occupy a central place in the university as a community of scholars.
Graduate students open doors.
Graduate students organize an international annual colloquium around French and francophone themes.
Graduate students participate as research assistants and as collaborators in faculty research.
Graduate students participate as tutors in the courses.
Graduate students participate at all levels of equipment construction, data taking, and analysis.
Graduate students participate in a rigorous three year program.
Graduate students participate in a variety of programs to prepare for work after graduation.
Graduate students participate in activities.
Graduate students participate in all aspects of research.
Graduate students participate in all the research projects.
Graduate students participate in intramural programs such as basketball, softball and volleyball.
Graduate students participate in laboratories and problem-based learning.
Graduate students participate in laboratories, problem-based learning and poster exercises.
Graduate students participate in our most advanced degree programs.
Graduate students participate in research activities.
Graduate students participate in six masters programs.
Graduate students participate on a variety of university, college and department committees.
Graduate students pay a higher fee than undergraduates do.
Graduate students pay full rates.
Graduate students pay graduate tuition and fees regardless of the level of the courses being taken.
Graduate students pay half of the cost.
Graduate students pay reduced dues.
Graduate students pay slightly higher fees.
Graduate students pay their fees at the time textbooks are checked out.
Graduate students pay tuition during the summer as well as the regular academic year.
Graduate students perform clinical practice.
Graduate students play a crucial role in the intellectual life of undergraduates and faculty alike.
Graduate students play a strong role in the activities of the department.
Graduate students play a vital role in research and dissemination.
Graduate students play an essential role in what occurs in the motor learning lab.
Graduate students play an important role in determining benefits for graduate assistants.
Graduate students play an important role in the sponsored research program active in the department.
Graduate students play an invaluable role in our research and outreach endeavors.
Graduate students play an invaluable role in our research endeavors.
Graduate students play roles.
Graduate students prefer to use computer labs either at home or in their home departments.
Graduate students prepare the topic presentation one or more times each semester.
Graduate students present a formal seminar based on their research endeavors.
Graduate students present a public seminar.
Graduate students proceed directly to third floor advisement area.
Graduate students provide training and on site tutor supervision.
Graduate students publish an annual, Undercurrents, of critical environmental studies.
Graduate students purchase all textbooks regardless of the level of the course.
Graduate students pursue course-related projects and thesis research.
Graduate students pursue studies in two fields.
Graduate students pursuing master's and doctoral degrees concentrate fully on physics.
Graduate students push for reforms.
Graduate students qualify for a non-resident tuition remission if they meet the following criteria.
Graduate students read additional texts and submit one additional written assignment.
Graduate students read their papers as well.
Graduate students receive a full tuition scholarship plus a stipend as research assistants.
Graduate students receive a high level of financial aid.
Graduate students receive a one-time allocation for printing.
Graduate students receive a twelve-month stipend and quarterly tuition waivers.
Graduate students receive fellowships that are renewable for up to three years.
Graduate students receive individual and group supervision by licensed senior staff.
Graduate students receive individual attention in a friendly environment.
Graduate students receive individual attention.
Graduate students receive in-state tuition and a stipend.
Graduate students receive intensive exposure to personal computers through their coursework.
Graduate students receive it in their campus mailboxes.
Graduate students receive mail within their departments.
Graduate students receive order forms from their individual schools or programs.
Graduate students receive overload approval from their academic advisor.
Graduate students receive priority in the assignment of either private or semi-private space.
Graduate students receive quality mentoring and advising.
Graduate students receive the Ph.D. degree in Neuroscience.
Graduate students Receive their usual term loan .
Graduate students register first, followed by seniors, juniors, sophomores and freshmen.
Graduate students register first, then seniors, etc.
Graduate students rely on the faculty to make choices that are in their long-term interests.
Graduate students represent about one-third of the total enrollment.
Graduate students represent more than one half of the student body each semester.
Graduate students represent the future of research.
Graduate students require a different application.
Graduate students retain the right to publish approved theses.
Graduate students search the archives for an overview of previous discussions on topics of interest.
Graduate students secure positions in universities and in the private or public sector.
Graduate students see the possibilities.
Graduate students seeking part time employment are welcome to apply.
Graduate students select art history courses at an advanced level.
Graduate students select course work to complement their research.
Graduate students select research and teaching options in their program.
Graduate students select research and teaching pathways in their program.
Graduate students serve as museum interns during their second year in the program.
Graduate students serve as seminar session moderators.
Graduate students serve as teaching assistants for two semesters as a part of the training program.
Graduate students serve on most departmental committees.
Graduate students share a private composition studio.
Graduate students share results.
Graduate students specialize in epidemiology and population medicine.
Graduate students specializing in African American history usually also study American history .
Graduate students spend a minimum of three hours of outside preparation per contact hour.
Graduate students spend many years in higher education.
Graduate students spend their first quarter taking courses and selecting a thesis advisor.
Graduate students staff the lab and assist users as needed in preparing multimedia projects.
Graduate students stimulate intellectual exchange.
Graduate students study criticism, directing, and acting.
Graduate students study the carbon balance of fruit crops by measuring net carbon assimilation.
Graduate students studying to become social workers are likely to share a desire to help others.
Graduate students submit papers on significant historical topics.
Graduate students suffer, and so does programmatic quality.
Graduate students supervised by certified faculty serve as clinicians.
Graduate students take a required research methods course.
Graduate students take a very active role in the acquisition of new equipment for their use.
Graduate students take advantage of our affiliations with industry in many ways.
Graduate students take advantage of societies with whom they can publish articles.
Graduate students take an interdisciplinary course of study in family ecology.
Graduate students take courses, and they teach courses.
Graduate students take on research projects while associated with race teams.
Graduate students take the same exams, but write a more serious paper.
Graduate students taking the course for credit have three types of assignments.
Graduate students taking undergraduate courses pay graduate fees.
Graduate students teach a total of two semesters.
Graduate students teach the courses, and the students receive no college credit.
Graduate students tend to be older then undergrads.
Graduate students tend to be responsible adults.
Graduate students tend to have closer relationships with faculty than do most undergraduates.
Graduate students tend to have more family responsibilities.
Graduate students undertake development of programs designed for their unique fields of research.
Graduate students undertake their research under the supervision of one, or more, members of staff.
Graduate students use studio facilities more than undergraduates.
Graduate students use the farm to conduct their research.
Graduate students use the graduate catalog.
Graduate students use the lab for analysis, paper preparation, and Internet study.
Graduate students utilize the clinic for research in addition to clinical training experiences.
Graduate students visit local high schools and discuss careers in science and technology.
Graduate students welcome to enroll.
Graduate students welcome.
Graduate students wil display their summer work.
Graduate students work around the globe documenting, analyzing, and preserving sites.
Graduate students work closely with faculty in the design and completion of research.
Graduate students work closely with faculty on research and publication projects.
Graduate students work closely with faculty who are doing cutting-edge research.
Graduate students work closely with the faculty.
Graduate students work closely with their advisors.
Graduate students work closely with their faculty mentors and interact extensively with each other.
Graduate students work in a supervised manner with faculty to provide additional expertise.
Graduate students work in a variety of methods, processes and media.
Graduate students work independently under the guidance of a faculty advisor and thesis committee.
Graduate students work on particular projects within the organization.
Graduate students work on real-world problems, ideas that are applicable now.
Graduate students work on string theories.
Graduate students work on the long-leg brace designed for individuals with spinal cord injury.
Graduate students work on theories.
Graduate students work side by side with faculty members in small research groups.
Graduate students work with one or several faculty members on a sponsored research project.
Graduate students working on political philosophy are also welcome to attend.
Graduate students write a complete research paper, which accounts for one-half of the grade.
Graduate students write a review of two books.
All graduate student have assistantships or scholarships.
All graduate students are eligible for an account on the mainframe computer.
All graduate students are eligible to apply.
All graduate students are eligible to attend and interested participants are being sought.
All graduate students are eligible to attend.
All graduate students are eligible to live off-campus.
All graduate students are eligible to participate in the article delivery program.
All graduate students are eligible to purchase one packet per year.
All graduate students are eligible to take our courses.
All graduate students are eligible to vote.
All graduate students are eligible.
All graduate students are encourage to attend the meetings.
ALL graduate students are highly encouraged to participate.
All graduate students are to complete a final examination.
All graduate students are welcome and encouraged to attend meetings.
All graduate students are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All graduate students are welcome to attend and encouraged to participate .
All graduate students are welcome to attend and encouraged to speak.
All graduate students are welcome to attend any and all meetings.
All graduate students are welcome to attend.
All graduate students are welcome to participate.
All graduate students are welcome.
All graduate students are, however, encouraged to do an internship.
All graduate students assist in the undergraduate laboratory and course offerings of the department.
All graduate students attend a Research Seminar series.
All graduate students attend weekly departmental seminars.
All graduate students attending the meeting are eligible to vote.
All graduate students continue to be recruited via the same rotational mechanism.
All graduate students continue to receive free primary care services.
All graduate students enroll in the A.M.-Ph.
All graduate students enter the doctoral program.
All graduate students have a permanent computer account and an e-mail address.
All graduate students have a significant exposure to modeling throughout the curriculum.
All graduate students have access to barus .
All graduate students have accounts.
All graduate students have private bedroom accomodations.
All graduate students have the option of having a PC on their desk.
All graduate students live off campus, and most share rent with other students.
All graduate students obtain extensive training in research.
All graduate students participate in a seminar during each term of residence.
All graduate students participate in local research projects and internships.
All graduate students participate in presentation of material each semester.
All graduate students participate in research and teaching in the department.
All graduate students participate in the three-semester seminar sequence.
All graduate students receive a scholarship for their first two years of study.
All graduate students receive a stipend that is competitive with other programs in the area.
All graduate students receive an email account and shared mailbox space.
All graduate students receive basic health care free.
All graduate students receive considerable faculty and peer support.
All graduate students receive full financial support, as explained here .
All graduate students receive funding as long as they remain in good standing.
All graduate students teach under faculty supervision.
All graduate students welcome.
Any graduate student attending a Georgia institution of higher learning is eligible.
Any graduate student can get a commuter pass free of charge.
Any graduate student is eligible to apply for scholarships.
Any graduate student is welcome.
Any graduate student taking three or more credits can join a committee.
Any graduate student working on a thesis or dissertation and faculty are eligible for carrels.
Every graduate student becomes a member upon registration at the university.
Every graduate student becomes disillusioned from time to time.
Every graduate student has a mailbox in the department office.
Every graduate student is a member.
Every graduate student is assigned an academic adviser on entry to the department.
Every graduate student is eligible for membership.
Every graduate student is given a personal e-mail account and free access to the Internet.
Every graduate student is required Every graduate student is required to have an adviser.
Every graduate student is required to have an adviser.
Every graduate student is required to have an advisor.
Every graduate student is welcome to attend.
Many graduate students amke their own medieval costumes to participate in the festivities.
Many graduate students are adults with families, who require fellowships to pursue their studies.
Many graduate students attend Miami with the aid of an assistantship.
Many graduate students choose off-campus housing in Houghton or in the surrounding areas.
Many graduate students complete their degree programs on a part-time basis.
Many graduate students direct their frustration with the program at their committee.
Many graduate students elect to spend at least their first year in a residence hall.
Many graduate students elect to spend at least their first year in one of the graduate dormitories.
Many graduate students enjoy the benefits of living on-campus.
Many graduate students feel pressures in graduate school.
Many graduate students find a second-hand car affordable.
Many graduate students function like part-time faculty.
Many graduate students fund their graduate work through employment as a T.A.s.
Many graduate students give presentations at professional conferences much like faculty do.
Many graduate students have one, or have convenient access.
Many graduate students hope to teach and to conduct research upon graduation.
Many graduate students join together in renting off-campus apartments.
Many graduate students obtain employment to help fund their studies.
Many graduate students opt to live in private housing.
Many graduate students prefer to be in a more mature community.
Many graduate students publish collaborative work with faculty members.
Many graduate students pursue careers in managerial or administrative positions.
Many graduate students pursue dual degrees in science and engineering.
Many graduate students receive financial support in the form of teaching or research assistantships.
Many graduate students receive financial support through teaching and research assistantships.
Many graduate students receive higher stipends than the minimum.
Many graduate students receive research or teaching assistantships.
Many graduate students receive teaching or research assistantships.
Many graduate students receive tuition reimbursement from their companies.
Many graduate students reduce costs further by sharing rented apartments and houses.
Many graduate students relocate to the Binghamton area along with their families.
Many graduate students rely on loan money to pay for living expenses such as rent and food.
Many graduate students rent private apartments or houses off campus.
Many graduate students return to school after years of absence from the classroom.
Many graduate students return to the academic setting after years in professional fields.
Many graduate students return to the academic setting after years working as a professional.
Many graduate students serve as teaching assistants to help pay the bills.
Many graduate students serve on university committees.
Many graduate students teach or are teaching assistants.
Many graduate students work while attending school.
Most graduate students acquire assistantship funding.
Most graduate students are able to meet their living expenses with their stipends.
Most graduate students are eager to contribute knowledge to their field of study.
Most graduate students are eligible for some type of student loan.
Most graduate students are heavily dependent on loans.
Most graduate students are married, and about one-quarter have dependents other than their spouses.
Most graduate students attend part-time, combining graduate study with a regular job or career.
Most graduate students attend part-time.
Most graduate students become involved with funded research projects.
Most graduate students can borrower without a cosigner if they have an established credit history.
Most graduate students can obtain teaching positions which pay graduate school expenses.
Most graduate students carry a full semester load.
Most graduate students choose the option of living off-campus.
Most graduate students choose to live in nearby rooms and apartments, which are readily available.
Most graduate students choose to live off-campus in nearby apartments.
Most graduate students come into offices.
Most graduate students continue to receive tuition scholarships after their seventh semester.
Most graduate students cook in their apartments.
Most graduate students do get funding somehow.
Most graduate students do some undergraduate teaching during each semester of graduate school.
Most graduate students do their computing on workstations or microcomputers.
Most graduate students do.
Most graduate students end up with funding for their first term.
Most graduate students find private housing in the community.
Most graduate students have other interests in addition to chemistry.
Most graduate students learn techniques.
Most graduate students live in abundant but affordable off-campus housing.
Most graduate students live in apartments in Boston, Cambridge, and the surrounding areas.
Most graduate students live in apartments in the surrounding Boston area.
Most graduate students live in dormitories or private apartments or share rental houses in town.
Most graduate students live in off-grounds housing.
Most graduate students live in private apartments and homes near the campus.
Most graduate students live in rooms or apartments in residential areas near the campus.
Most graduate students live off campus in apartments in the area.
Most graduate students live off campus in nearby apartments, and costs vary widely.
Most graduate students live off campus in nearby apartments.
Most graduate students live off campus where housing is available.
Most graduate students live off campus.
Most graduate students live off-campus in adjacent neighborhoods.
Most graduate students live off-campus in nearby rental apartments.
Most graduate students live off-campus, and many share housing as a way of lowering the rent.
Most graduate students obtain some form of financial assistance.
Most graduate students opt to live off campus at a slightly higher price.
Most graduate students participate in activities.
Most graduate students participate in research activities.
Most graduate students play roles.
Most graduate students prefer off-campus housing.
Most graduate students receive A s or B s in most of their courses.
Most graduate students receive financial assistance.
Most graduate students receive financial support.
Most graduate students receive grants each year.
Most graduate students receive multi-year support.
Most graduate students receive some form of financial aid.
Most graduate students receive some form of financial assistance.
Most graduate students receive some type of financial assistance.
Most graduate students rent apartments in the residential neighborhoods near campus.
Most graduate students run as write-ins.
Most graduate students serve as teaching assistants in their first year.
Most graduate students share results.
Most graduate students stay off-campus, because it turns out to be cheaper and more flexible.
Most graduate students study part time in evening and in weekend classes.
Most graduate students take courses in computer technology and proposal writing.
Most graduate students teach during their first year or two of graduate school.
Most graduate students teach one course per semester, usually first year calculus.
Most graduate students turn to student loans.
Most graduate students work as teaching assistants at some point in their careers.
Most graduate students work in one of the laboratories described below.
Most graduate students work on research projects or projects with local industry.
Most graduate students work on string theories.
Most graduate students work on theories.
Some graduate students appreciate having roommates.
Some graduate students are eligible for federal financial aid, primarily loans.
Some graduate students are home owners.
Some graduate students are married and family responsibilities add to stress levels.
Some graduate students come away from their first conference and immediately throw in the towel.
Some graduate students complete degrees.
Some graduate students contribute to instruction.
Some graduate students do like it and swear by it.
Some graduate students earn money as tutors.
Some graduate students enroll part-time.
Some graduate students find experience.
Some graduate students find faculty.
Some graduate students have personal web sites.
Some graduate students have significant experience, but expect less responses.
Some graduate students involve in enterprises.
Some graduate students live on campus, but most reside in off-campus housing.
Some graduate students opt for low-interest loans with provisions for deferred repayment.
Some graduate students perceive a relationship between gender and success in an academic discipline.
Some graduate students pursue their research with faculty in residence in Galveston.
Some graduate students qualify for graduate assistantships.
Some graduate students receive teams.
Some graduate students serve as assistants.
Some graduate students serve as teach assistants.
Some graduate students sound ready to kill to get themselves onto the tenure track.
Some graduate students specialize in computer science.
Some graduate students specialize in science.
Some graduate students study chemistry.
Some graduate students study ecology.
Some graduate students study wildlife ecology.
Some graduate students teach.
Some graduate students use graduate trains.
Some graduate students use trains.
Some graduate students work in fields.
Some graduate students work with authors.
Graduate studies are a lot more than attending lectures and turning in assignments.
Graduate studies are academic programs.
Graduate studies are also possible.
Graduate studies are available.
Graduate studies are difficult, no doubt about it.
Graduate studies are today the most important growth sector in Mexican higher education.
Graduate studies begin.
Graduate studies culminate in the oral defense of a written Ph.D. dissertation.
Graduate studies internship In learning disabilities.
Graduate studies is one of the distinctive competencies of our university.
Graduate studies is, in effect, a partnership between the student and the faculty supervisor.
Graduate study broadens employment opportunities.
Graduate study can be a solitary and arduous undertaking.
Graduate study can be a very rewarding experience both personally and professionally.
Graduate study can lead to a variety of career opportunities.
Graduate study can lead to careers in scholarship, in research, or in the professions.
Graduate study comes next.
Graduate study consists of courses, field studies, internships, seminars, and workshops.
Graduate study follows the completion of undergraduate education at the bachelor's degree level.
Graduate study involves participating in research and academic mentorship with the faculty.
Graduate study is a demanding and exhausting experience.
Graduate study is a distinct organizational element within the institution.
Graduate study is a full-time commitment.
Graduate study is a goal structured program providing opportunity for concentrated study.
Graduate study is a partnership between the student and graduate faculty.
Graduate study is a prerequisite for a career in academia.
Graduate study is a prerequisite for most professional work in the earth sciences.
Graduate study is a rewarding and challenging experience.
Graduate study is a time of growth.
Graduate study is also likely to become more available to nonacademic members of society.
Graduate study is also much more rewarding.
Graduate study is also usually necessary for careers in slide library or art library work.
Graduate study is an intense and stimulating intellectual experience.
Graduate study is an option, of course.
Graduate study is available at any of Australia's thirty-nine universities.
Graduate study is available at postgraduate diploma, master and doctor of philosophy level.
Graduate study is available at the same costs.
Graduate study is available in all fields of biology.
Graduate study is available.
Graduate study is conducted at both Masters and Ph.D. levels.
Graduate study is desirable.
Graduate study is more than work , it is also a great time of life for making lifelong friends.
Graduate study is necessary for all professional careers in psychology.
Graduate study is necessary for the student who seeks a career in the field of history.
Graduate study is necessary to prepare for a career as a professional economist.
Graduate study is one solution for such problem.
Graduate study is particularly important in research or highly technical work.
Graduate study is radically different from undergraduate study.
Graduate study is recommended for students pursuing careers beyond entry level positions.
Graduate study is recommended for students pursuing careers beyond entry-level positions.
Graduate study is tailored to the individual student.
Graduate study is usually necessary for careers inside slide library or art library work.
Graduate study is, in many ways, an apprenticeship.
Graduate study leads to the master of arts degree in music.
Graduate study leads to the master of science degree in nursing with a specialty in family nursing.
Graduate study leads to the master's and doctoral degrees.
Graduate study leads to the master's degree in English.
Graduate study leads to the master's degree in mathematics.
Graduate study leads to the master's degree in physical education.
Graduate study leads to the master's degree in sociology or criminology and criminal justice.
Graduate study prepares students for careers in academia, health care, industry, and government.
Graduate study requires excellence of character as much as excellence of intellect.
Graduate study requires greater independence on the part of students.
Graduate study stands as a top priority.
Graduate study takes full advantage of the opportunities offered by Boston's museums and libraries.
Graduate study takes too long and includes no preparation at all for classroom teaching.
Some graduate studies offer degrees through interactive television.
Graduate supply is the key to locating the site.
Graduate support helps the entire academic program.
Graduate teach assistants have flexibility.
Graduate teach assistants work with faculty members.
Graduate teach assistants work with members.
Graduate teaching assistants Environmental studies.
Graduate teaching includes courses in international communication.
Graduate teaching includes courses in the rhetoric of electronic environments and multimedia design.
Graduate teaching includes video production and multimedia design.
Graduate teaching includes video production, media theory, and digital aesthetics.
Some graduate teaching is possible.
Graduate tenure is comparatively short.
Graduate training entails a substantial amount of original and independent research and writing.
Graduate tuition can be expensive.
Graduate tuition depends on the number of credit hours elected.
All graduate tuition is waived for graduate teaching and research assistants.
Many graduate units have additional requirements.
Some graduate units require a higher grade point for courses taken in the discipline.
Graduate work appears on a separate transcript.
Graduate work differs greatly from undergraduate work.
Graduate work is a plus.
Graduate work is a significant commitment for an individual to assume.
Graduate work is encouraged once individuals have gained experience at entry levels.
Graduate work is extremely important in Psychology.
Graduate work is increasingly important.
Graduate work is introduced in the junior year.
Graduate work is necessary for a career in counseling or professional Psychology.
Graduate work is necessary if planning to do college teaching or industrial research.
Graduate work is only one of the factors considered in evaluating an application.
Graduate work is organized around students' professional interests.
Graduate work is required for all professional work in psychology.
Graduate work is required for most openings in research as well as in teaching.
Graduate work is required for teaching at the college or university level.
Graduate work is required in many of the career areas associated with earth science.
Graduate work is still essential for many jobs in Geology.
Graduate work is supported by the department's well-equipped laboratory facilities.
Graduate work is time-intensive and demanding.
Graduate work is under the jurisdiction of the various departments.
Graduate work requires a high degree of student initiative and independence.
All graduate work is based upon a core of professional skills courses at the undergraduate level.
All graduate work is carried our under the direct and regular supervision of faculty.
Most graduate work is offered at night and during the summer.
A graduate is a student
Graduate assistantships Available in the fall and spring for various assignments in the department.
Graduate credits older than seven years are non-transferable.
Graduate demonstrates health promotion skills for individuals and groups.
Graduate demonstrates personal characteristics that reflect positively on the practice of dietetics.
Graduate denotes a person pursuing a master s or doctoral degree.
Graduate excludes most readmits.
Graduate follow up surveys.
Graduate has testimonials from some of our graduates over the years.
Graduate isa individual.
Graduate isa person.
Graduate isa somebody.
Graduate isa someone.
Graduates accept important academic, government, or business positions .
Graduates accept positions within the construction industry and with real estate service providers.
Graduates accept responsibilities in a wide range of situations.
Graduates achieve high test scores from the area high schools.
Graduates acquire a mix of natural science, programming theory and resource management skills.
Graduates acquire employable skills and problem solving skills.
Graduates acquire skills in word processing, written communication and office procedures.
Graduates advance rapidly in their career fields.
Graduates affirm that the training has been essential to their later success.
Graduates agree to use their Degree in a lawful manner.
Graduates also are eligible for certification by several other national agencies.
Graduates also are eligible to apply for licensure in any other state or territory.
Graduates also are well positioned to enter medical or doctoral degree programs.
Graduates also begin as business analysts bound for promotion.
Graduates also can go on for advanced graduate work in doctoral or professional programs.
Graduates also can order announcements or class rings through the book store.
Graduates also choose to use the reciprocity of their certification to work in other states.
Graduates also consider self employment in the mechanical field.
Graduates also continue on to pusue doctoral studies at other universities.
Graduates also contribute to service and teaching on campus.
Graduates also differ in the type of work they do.
Graduates also earn some credits toward a master's degree.
Graduates also enter careers in research, either in industry or as PhD students.
Graduates also enter careers in research, either within industry or as PhD students.
Graduates also find careers in public health, teaching and research, and health administration.
Graduates also find employment in the areas of land and geographic information systems.
Graduates also find employment in the many health related industries.
Graduates also find employment overseas.
Graduates also find employment with mining organisations involved in off-shore exploration.
Graduates also find job leads through college placement offices and on-campus recruitment.
Graduates also find many opportunities in farm credit and finance, appraisal, and insurance.
Graduates also find positions in consulting, research, technical management, and teaching.
Graduates also find work in settings other than traditional veterinary clinics.
Graduates also find work writing for business sections of newspapers, wire services and magazines.
Graduates also go on for further education and enter Ph.D. programs.
Graduates also go on to further study.
Graduates also have a sophisticated organization and system of communication.
Graduates also have the critical ability to think independently and analytically.
Graduates also have the opportunity to continue their education at other colleges.
Graduates also have the opportunity to study for a higher degree by research.
Graduates also have the option of pursuing further education.
Graduates also have the training necessary to operate their own business.
Graduates also hold a variety of jobs in and out of the performing arts.
Graduates also hold positions in state fish, wildlife and parks departments, and private companies.
Graduates also learn advanced experimental methods for analyzing materials and structures.
Graduates also learn to consult in hospitals and other settings, and to participate in research.
Graduates also obtain employment in museum and community arts education programs.
Graduates also obtain employment in various communication-related industries.
Graduates also ought to possess a social and environmental consciousness and compassion.
Graduates also participate in space research.
Graduates also participate in study groups led by faculty to prepare for the oral boards.
Graduates also play an important role in identifying prospective students.
Graduates also possess a basic understanding of American history, business, and political systems.
Graduates also pursue advanced degrees in communication.
Graduates also pursue advanced degrees in exercise physiology and biomechanics.
Graduates also qualify for certification and licensure in many other states.
Graduates also qualify for research, management, and development in business and industry.
Graduates also rate the program highly.
Graduates also receive aftercare substance abuse services for one year after departure.
Graduates also receive assistance in job placement.
Graduates also receive green lapel pins, which are as sentimentally valuable as a class ring.
Graduates also serve as judicial clerks at the federal and state levels.
Graduates also serve in the civil service in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Graduates also teach in high schools and colleges throughout the country.
Graduates also transfer to baccalaureate programs in other parts of the country.
Graduates also work as teachers, researchers, project leaders and planners.
Graduates also work in conservation, recycling and many other areas of environmental engineering.
Graduates also work in the private sector.
Graduates also work in website development.
Graduates apply appropriate statistical methods for the analysis of experimental data.
Graduates apply general engineering principles to the solution of agricultural problems.
Graduates apply their skills directly to their careers.
Graduates apply to the nine justices following an initial clerkship with another judge.
Graduates appreciate the extrinsic and enactment consequences of compliance.
Graduates are able to apply course content and theory to practical situations.
Graduates are able to apply nursing knowledge in diverse situations.
Graduates are able to articulate teamwork principles.
Graduates are able to assess physical needs and develop a personal fitness and nutrition program.
Graduates are able to assume professional leadership roles.
Graduates are able to care for children, adults and families in a primary care setting.
Graduates are able to choose from several entry-level technologist positions in hospitals.
Graduates are able to choose the type of business and the geographical location for their venture.
Graduates are able to choose their final placement.
Graduates are able to communicate effectively and work well in teams.
Graduates are able to communicate effectively.
Graduates are able to communicate the results of their work to chemists, as well as non-chemists.
Graduates are able to conduct high-quality, doctoral research.
Graduates are able to design and implement experimental approaches to address specific questions.
Graduates are able to enter graduate school to earn a master's degree.
Graduates are able to evaluate physical education, athletic and sports programs.
Graduates are able to expand their practice into education, supervision, and as managers of care.
Graduates are able to function as base station physicians and as medical directors.
Graduates are able to function effectively individually and within teams.
Graduates are able to function in a variety of rehabilitation, community, and home settings.
Graduates are able to gain full independent professional status, accreditation and registration.
Graduates are able to graphically communicate.
Graduates are able to install and maintain computer peripherals.
Graduates are able to integrate field and laboratory data and to prepare reports.
Graduates are able to interpret scientific data.
Graduates are able to make formal presentations.
Graduates are able to perform tasks according to plumbing codes and specifications.
Graduates are able to plan, script, direct and produce television programs.
Graduates are able to present experimental results through appropriate graphical display.
Graduates are able to procure employment in many locations throughout the United States.
Graduates are able to provide quantitative support for decision making activities.
Graduates are able to see change involving both work flow and the human element.
Graduates are able to select and apply appropriate statistical methods for basic data analysis.
Graduates are able to select, obtain, and use information effectively.
Graduates are able to set up and conduct engineering experiments.
Graduates are able to solve defined and open-ended engineering problems.
Graduates are able to teach by precept and example, the way to a healthier and happier life.
Graduates are able to use computers to solve engineering problems and to evaluate solutions.
Graduates are able to work with a multi-disciplinary team.
Graduates are able to write effectively.
Graduates are active in professional organizations.
Graduates are adaptable to change.
Graduates are albums.
Graduates are also active in family life education and enrichment in a variety of contexts.
Graduates are also eligible for advancement in rank in the military.
Graduates are also eligible for associate membership of many professional societies.
Graduates are also eligible for counselor licensure in Texas.
Graduates are also eligible to apply for book grants.
Graduates are also eligible to apply for licenses in other states.
Graduates are also eligible to apply.
Graduates are also eligible to seek state approval to practice.
Graduates are also eligible to sit for national certification examinations.
Graduates are also eligible to take the national certification examination in phlebotomy.
Graduates are also prepared for advanced study in social sciences and human service fields.
Graduates are also prepared for advanced study in the fields of law or business.
Graduates are also prepared for advanced study in the profession.
Graduates are also prepared for careers in other types of information environments.
Graduates are also prepared for graduate study in nursing and many related fields.
Graduates are also prepared for graduate study.
Graduates are also prepared for professional school or advanced study.
Graduates are also prepared for transfer to bachelor's degree programs.
Graduates are also prepared to enter graduate school.
Graduates are also prepared to go on to graduate school.
Graduates are also prepared to pursue advanced degrees.
Graduates are also prepared to pursue graduate studies in dental hygiene or related fields.
Graduates are also prepared to pursue research, scholarship, and professional development.
Graduates are also prepared to respond to future advances and changes in their profession.
Graduates are also prepared to work with children in a range of out of school settings.
Graduates are also qualified for advanced studies in graduate schools.
Graduates are also qualified for employment as private investigators and private security officers.
Graduates are also qualified for employment in private industry and environmental consulting firms.
Graduates are also qualified to fill civil service positions.
Graduates are also well equipped for self-employment.
Graduates are also well prepared to pursue advanced degrees.
Graduates are also well prepared to pursue doctoral study.
Graduates are also well prepared to pursue graduate training in engineering or the life sciences.
Graduates are also well prepared to pursue graduate work in history.
Graduates are also well qualified for certain positions in chemistry laboratories.
Graduates are America's current and future astronauts, engineers andmission support specialists.
Graduates are application oriented individuals prepared to meet the challenges faced by industy.
Graduates are application-oriented individuals prepared to meet the challenges faced by industry.
Graduates are appropriately qualified for professional employment in a wide range of industries.
Graduates are as likely to pursue a career in teaching as they are in medicine or law.
Graduates are attractive to agencies, media, and client organizations.
Graduates are automatically eligible for corporate membership of that body.
Graduates are available throughout the year.
Graduates are better prepared.
Graduates are board eligible in both specialties.
Graduates are board-eligible for the pediatric gastroenterology subspecialty certification.
Graduates are capable of excellence in their professional practice.
Graduates are capable of functioning in a variety of educational settings.
Graduates are capable of performing residential and commercial communications cabling installations.
Graduates are committed to life-long learning and the pursuit of excellence in their chosen field.
Graduates are committed to students and their learning.
Graduates are committed to their roles as helping professionals.
Graduates are competent independent researchers.
Graduates are competitive in job prospects world-wide .
Graduates are concerned about education, crime, the environment, violence and health care.
Graduates are confident their skills are in demand and enjoy growth and advancement opportunities.
Graduates are currently busy on local Boards, as elected officials, in their schools and churches.
Graduates are currently in very high demand.
Graduates are doctors in the church.
Graduates are eligible for acceptance into the Advanced Course.
Graduates are eligible for admission to all German colleges and universities.
Graduates are eligible for assignment to a fire camp.
Graduates are eligible for board examinations and licensure in all fifty states.
Graduates are eligible for campus positions as peer counselors.
Graduates are eligible for certification as associate engineering technicians.
Graduates are eligible for certification as engineering technologists.
Graduates are eligible for certification as public health nurses in the State of California.
Graduates are eligible for certification exams in the various areas of specialization.
Graduates are eligible for college semester credit hours.
Graduates are eligible for elementary teaching certification in New Hampshire.
Graduates are eligible for employment as primary teachers in all states of Australia.
Graduates are eligible for employment as primary teachers.
Graduates are eligible for employment as secondary teachers in all states of Australia.
Graduates are eligible for entry-level work in hospitals, clinics, and doctors' offices.
Graduates are eligible for licensing and professional credentialing.
Graduates are eligible for licensure in Michigan.
Graduates are eligible for licensure in Virginia and in thirty-two other states.
Graduates are eligible for licensure throughout the United States.
Graduates are eligible for national certification as medical technologists.
Graduates are eligible for national certification examinations and for career entry.
Graduates are eligible for national certification.
Graduates are eligible for New York state licensure and national certification as acupuncturists.
Graduates are eligible for professional accreditation throughout Australia and overseas.
Graduates are eligible for registration as a psychologist in the State of Victoria.
Graduates are eligible for several programs and services designed for alumni.
Graduates are eligible for state and national certif ication as nurse practitioners.
Graduates are eligible for state and national certification as neonatal nurse practitioners.
Graduates are eligible for state and national certification as nurse practi tioners.
Graduates are eligible for state and national certification as nurse practitioners.
Graduates are eligible for state examination to become licensed pharmacists.
Graduates are eligible for State licensing examination.
Graduates are eligible for state licensure to practice at the baccalaureate level.
Graduates are eligible for teacher licensure in Virginia and many other states.
Graduates are eligible for teaching licenses in most states.
Graduates are eligible for the national certifying exams.
Graduates are eligible for the nurse licensing examination.
Graduates are eligible to apply for admission to practice in any state.
Graduates are eligible to apply for board certification in genetic counseling.
Graduates are eligible to apply to sit for the California bar examination.
Graduates are eligible to become board certified in both general and child psychiatry.
Graduates are eligible to become certified school counselors in the State of Florida.
Graduates are eligible to become licensed professional engineers.
Graduates are eligible to become registered as a dietetic technician.
Graduates are eligible to become registered dietetic technicians.
Graduates are eligible to continue their education at an upper-level institution.
Graduates are eligible to develop and supervise such courses in geography.
Graduates are eligible to perform medical imaging in all States of Australia.
Graduates are eligible to seek licensure as registered nurses.
Graduates are eligible to sit for any of the nationally-recognized certifying examinations.
Graduates are eligible to sit for both national certification examinations.
Graduates are eligible to sit for national board certifying exams.
Graduates are eligible to sit for national certification exams appropriate to their role specialty.
Graduates are eligible to sit for national certification.
Graduates are eligible to sit for the bachelor level social work licensing examination.
Graduates are eligible to sit for the certification exam.
Graduates are eligible to sit for the entrance examination for the postgraduate course.
Graduates are eligible to staff the free clinic on a volunteer basis.
Graduates are eligible to take a bar examination in all fifty states and the District of Columbia.
Graduates are eligible to take a national certification examination.
Graduates are eligible to take any of the national certifying examinations for phlebotomists.
Graduates are eligible to take examinations that lead to nationally recognized certification.
Graduates are eligible to take the bar in any state.
Graduates are eligible to take the examination for licensing as a registered nurse.
Graduates are eligible to take the licensing examination required to practice physical therapy.
Graduates are eligible to take the licensure examination upon completion of the degree.
Graduates are eligible to take the Mississippi social work licensing examination.
Graduates are eligible to take the national board examination.
Graduates are eligible to take the national certification exam for medical assistants.
Graduates are eligible to take the national certification examination.
Graduates are eligible to take the national certification examinations.
Graduates are eligible to take the national examination for certification.
Graduates are eligible to take the national phlebotomy certification examination.
Graduates are eligible to take the national registration examination.
Graduates are eligible to take the national registration examinations.
Graduates are eligible to take the national registry exam.
Graduates are eligible to take the Omnibus Reconciliation Act Examination.
Graduates are eligible to take the registered nurse licensure examination.
Graduates are eligible to take the state and national board exams.
Graduates are eligible to take the state and national licensure examinations for paramedics.
Graduates are eligible to take the state certification examination.
Graduates are eligible to take the state examination for certified nurse aide.
Graduates are eligible to take the State licensing exam.
Graduates are eligible to take the state licensing examination.
Graduates are eligible to take the state licensure examination to become a registered nurse.
Graduates are eligible to teach in public and private elementary education settings.
Graduates are eligible to teach in public and private elementary settings.
Graduates are eligible to teach in public and private settings.
Graduates are eligible to transfer to senior colleges and receive junior year status.
Graduates are eligible to work on various faculty research projects.
Graduates are eligible to write any of the national certifying examinations for Phlebotomists.
Graduates are employable as machine operators or quality control inspectors.
Graduates are engineers who accept positions in design, development, research, and consulting.
Graduates are familiar with the software and hardware components of electronic publishing.
Graduates are films.
Graduates are first on the list to receive a dog.
Graduates are fully prepared to meet the challenges of a career in primary care internal medicine.
Graduates are fully qualified to practice in any state in the nation.
Graduates are generally more articulate, confident and knowledgeable than other candidates.
Graduates are good at learning in classrooms.
Graduates are graduates.
Graduates are guaranteed transfer to four year colleges and universities in Colorado.
Graduates are highly employable.
Graduates are immediately capable of making significant contributions to their firms.
Graduates are immediately employable by government, industry and environmental consultants.
Graduates are immediately useful in tasks related to the objective analysis of information.
Graduates are in a good position to make a variety of contributions within an established company.
Graduates are in a wide variety of professions.
Graduates are in demand and generally receive excellent starting salaries.
Graduates are in demand as technology becomes increasingly complicated.
Graduates are in demand for employment in nursing homes, home health agencies, and hospitals.
Graduates are in demand for positions in government, industry, and consulting.
Graduates are in demand in both the public and the private sectors.
Graduates are in demand in hospital pharmacies and retail pharmacies.
Graduates are in demand in hospitals, medical clinics, laboratories, and physician's offices.
Graduates are in demand Many American companies are actively recruiting on campus.
Graduates are in demand throughout the industry.
Graduates are in demand.
Graduates are in for a shock when they go out on their first jobs.
Graduates are in government positions as well as in law school and graduate school.
Graduates are in great demandas freelance court reporters.
Graduates are in high demand and have excellent advancement opportunities.
Graduates are in high demand and have found positions in the private and public sectors.
Graduates are in high demand.
Graduates are in leadership positions across the country's nursing and health care systems.
Graduates are in strong demand by employers.
Graduates are insurance agents, estate attorneys, CPAs and financial planners.
Graduates are just about guaranteed employment as well.
Graduates are knowledgeable about key features of transportation systems.
Graduates are knowledgeable about processes of aging and problems of the elderly.
Graduates are leaders in the fields of education and training as technology directors or managers.
Graduates are likely to be employed in areas that emphasise molecular biotechnology and health care.
Graduates are likely to be self employed or seek employment as centre managers.
Graduates are likely to change jobs, sectors, and even careers several times.
Graduates are management-oriented and administratively skilled.
Graduates are marketable for positions relevant to their academic experience.
Graduates are marketable in education and business settings.
Graduates are members of college and university faculties.
Graduates are members of learning communities.
Graduates are motivated individuals prepared to meet the challenges demanded by industry.
Graduates are multi-skilled operators with a good understanding of company policies and systems.
Graduates are no longer eligible for offices through the office draw.
Graduates are now blissfully ignorant of history and mathematics and science.
Graduates are obligated to serve a minimum of five years on active duty.
Graduates are occupationally ready for employment in business and industry.
Graduates are often more ready for kindergarten than classmates, according to teachers.
Graduates are often preferred.
Graduates are often self-employed artists, who show and sell their works.
Graduates are people.
Graduates are preferred.
Graduates are prepared to accept responsibility for their professional behaviors.
Graduates are prepared to assist the pharmacist in the packaging and distribution of medication.
Graduates are prepared to assume greater responsibilities in professional settings.
Graduates are prepared to assume positions in academic, clinical and other research areas.
Graduates are prepared to be competitive for jobs as fishery managers and aquaculturists.
Graduates are prepared to be effective adminstrators and managers in their agencies and facilities.
Graduates are prepared to become leaders and managers in a variety of organizational settings.
Graduates are prepared to become primary health care providers for women.
Graduates are prepared to begin a career as professional performers.
Graduates are prepared to compete and perform on a global scale.
Graduates are prepared to conduct research and promote the use of research findings.
Graduates are prepared to continue their studies in either experimental or clinical psychology.
Graduates are prepared to deliver emergency care to patients prior to their arrival at a hospital.
Graduates are prepared to enter a variety of marketing related positions upon graduation.
Graduates are prepared to enter and succeed in business on the day they graduate.
Graduates are prepared to enter graduate study in nursing.
Graduates are prepared to enter into career fields leading to positions in management.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as a childcare group leaders and childcare workers.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as arc, plate and construction welders.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as certified medical assistants and medical assistants.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as clinical medical assistants and medical assistants.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as computer apecialists.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as data-entry and office clerks.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as lathe operators.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as machine tool operators.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as mill operators.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as nurse aides and home health aides.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as receptionists and office clerks.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as special education aides and teacher s aides.
Graduates are prepared to enter positions as welders and arc welders.
Graduates are prepared to enter the exciting and fast-paced world of the travel industry.
Graduates are prepared to enter the field as engineers or to continue into a graduate program.
Graduates are prepared to enter the field or go on for doctoral study.
Graduates are prepared to enter the interior design profession and begin the licensing process.
Graduates are prepared to enter the master's program in schools of social work.
Graduates are prepared to enter the postdoctoral licensing process.
Graduates are prepared to enter the workforce as mechanical engineering technologists.
Graduates are prepared to enter the workforce in the telecommunications area of a company.
Graduates are prepared to follow a wide variety of professional career paths.
Graduates are prepared to fulfill responsibilities of a full-time ministry in a church.
Graduates are prepared to function as family nurse practitioners in primary care settings.
Graduates are prepared to function as leaders on the fire science team.
Graduates are prepared to function at an advanced level in clinical practice and clinical research.
Graduates are prepared to function in a variety of positions that require advanced nursing practice.
Graduates are prepared to function in interdisciplinary teams in a variety of clinical settings.
Graduates are prepared to give competent, safe nursing care to clients in a variety of settings.
Graduates are prepared to go into their chosen fields as valuable employees.
Graduates are prepared to have a high impact on an organization's bottom line.
Graduates are prepared to immediately become productive employees or to pursue graduate degrees.
Graduates are prepared to install and maintain industrial equipment and systems.
Graduates are prepared to make an impact on the current and future health care of society.
Graduates are prepared to make significant contributions in research.
Graduates are prepared to make strong contribution to either industry or academia.
Graduates are prepared to make the equine industry their career.
Graduates are prepared to measure, evaluate and implement programs for pollution reduction.
Graduates are prepared to practice within and across diverse health care settings.
Graduates are prepared to practice within and across diverse healthcare settings.
Graduates are prepared to provide comprehensive nursing care for people in a variety of settings.
Graduates are prepared to pursue a variety of post high school options.
Graduates are prepared to pursue advanced study in applied and academic fields.
Graduates are prepared to pursue doctoral education.
Graduates are prepared to respond to the competitive challenges of the ever-changing global economy.
Graduates are prepared to seek employment in entry-level management and supervisory positions.
Graduates are prepared to serve as entry level health information administrators.
Graduates are prepared to serve as entry level medical record technicians.
Graduates are prepared to serve as entry-level health information technicians.
Graduates are prepared to serve as mentors to help others garden in an environmentally friendly way.
Graduates are prepared to take the national certification exam.
Graduates are prepared to teach high school mathematics through the first course in calculus.
Graduates are prepared to teach in schools of nursing and other healthcare institutions.
Graduates are prepared to teach in secondary education following certification.
Graduates are prepared to think critically, communicate effectively and become lifelong learners.
Graduates are prepared to use greater discrimination in making nursing judgements in key positions.
Graduates are prepared to work as nutritionists in a variety of settings.
Graduates are prepared to work in a physician s office, clinic, hospital or other medical facility.
Graduates are prepared to work in a variety of health care settings.
Graduates are prepared to work in a variety of health related positions.
Graduates are prepared to work in a variety of organizations and settings, such as in.
Graduates are prepared to work in international corporations or overseas.
Graduates are prepared to work in the interest of consumers.
Graduates are prepared to work in top corporations as managers.
Graduates are prepared to work professionally in either journalism or law fields.
Graduates are prepared to work to enhance the lives of children and their families.
Graduates are prepared to work with a variety of ages and populations.
Graduates are prepared to work with electronic circuits, control systems, computers.
Graduates are proficient in designing complex software systems and technical computer applications.
Graduates are qualified as refrigeration service helpers and service technicians.
Graduates are qualified for a career involving clinical and medical office procedures.
Graduates are qualified for a career involving entry level clinical and medical office procedures.
Graduates are qualified for any entry-level professional interior design position.
Graduates are qualified for employment in industries and businesses that utilize computer graphics.
Graduates are qualified for entry level jobs in agribusiness and farming.
Graduates are qualified for entry-level accounting positions in business, industry and government.
Graduates are qualified for entry-level positions in business, industry and government.
Graduates are qualified for jobs as entry level business application programmers.
Graduates are qualified for positions as a typist or secretary in a legal office.
Graduates are qualified for positions in which they work with fairly minimal supervision.
Graduates are qualified in network software and hardware installation, management and repair.
Graduates are qualified to assist in all aspects of veterinary medicine.
Graduates are qualified to become licensed in their specialty in most states.
Graduates are qualified to become officers in city, county and state police departments.
Graduates are qualified to continue studies in the field of alternative dispute resolutions.
Graduates are qualified to enter graduate programs leading to masters and doctoral degrees.
Graduates are qualified to enter graduate programs leading to masters, and doctoral degrees.
Graduates are qualified to enter the field at the management level, and employers know it.
Graduates are qualified to enter the health-care workforce or college.
Graduates are qualified to instruct in either a self-contained or departmentalized classroom.
Graduates are qualified to pursue careers in private practice, teaching, and research.
Graduates are qualified to seek employment in elementary, middle, or secondary schools.
Graduates are qualified to seek employment in human services, government, business, and education.
Graduates are qualified to serve as a ship's officer, engineer, electrician, or other role.
Graduates are qualified to sit for the Certified Therapeutic Recreation Specialist examination.
Graduates are qualified to sit for the New Jersey certification examination.
Graduates are qualified to teach in both government and non-government schools.
Graduates are readily employable and find upward mobility to be a reality.
Graduates are ready for entry-level and promotion to management positions.
Graduates are ready for licensure upon graduation.
Graduates are ready for roles in practice, administration, education, and research.
Graduates are ready to hit the ground running in one of today's fastest growing career fields.
Graduates are registerable and employable as teachers in all States of Australia.
Graduates are renown for their adaptability and work readiness.
Graduates are responsible for informing their family and friends.
Graduates are responsible for managing and monitoring student learning.
Graduates are responsible for the cost of caps and gowns.
Graduates are responsible to pick up their report cards and diploma.
Graduates are satisfied or highly satisfied with the skills they have acquired in higher education.
Graduates are satisfied with their academic experience.
Graduates are self-directed and engage in continual learning and development.
Graduates are sensitive to and well-informed about scientific, ethical and environmental issues.
Graduates are skilled at conducting research and preparing thorough research summaries.
Graduates are skilled in communications, problem-solving, and working effectively with others.
Graduates are skilled in design drafting with both manual and computer-aided techniques.
Graduates are skilled in problem solving, critical thinking, and analytical reasoning.
Graduates are soundtracks.
Graduates are specialists concerned with preventing accidents and reducing losses.
Graduates are still better able to secure employment than less prepared competitors.
Graduates are successful at finding employment in both full and part time positions.
Graduates are successful in acquiring employment in their chosen fields.
Graduates are successful in attaining employment in an area of computer engineering.
Graduates are successful in careers in business, education, the arts, and the sciences.
Graduates are successful in finding professional employment within one year of graduation.
Graduates are the senior managers of the future.
Graduates are the stars of current popular entertainment.
Graduates are then prepared to enter a wide variety of professional veterinary medical careers.
Graduates are then qualified for jobs internationally.
Graduates are therefore eligible for Arizona's social work certification.
Graduates are therefore qualified to teach in public schools as well as private Christian schools.
Graduates are therefore well prepared to begin their professional engineering careers.
Graduates are thus eligible for admission to the professional practice of Agrology in Canada.
Graduates are thus well equipped for undertaking leading roles in the profession.
Graduates are to be found in many roles, in a number of professions.
Graduates are to productively apply the knowledge they acquire to solve real problems in the world.
Graduates are to remain in their assigned seats and stay for the entire ceremony.
Graduates are to stand as the honored guests leave the hall.
Graduates are totally prepared to start working with no additional training needed.
Graduates are trained psychoanalysts.
Graduates are trainees for most positions, and companies are loath to pay agency fees for trainees.
Graduates are typically successful at obtaining well-paid positions in industry and government labs.
Graduates are usually preferred.
Graduates are welcome to apply.
Graduates are welcome to keep their mortarboards and tassels as souveirs.
Graduates are welcome to keep their mortarboards and tassels as souvenirs.
Graduates are well equipped and ready to instigate their own professional projects.
Graduates are well prepared academically for challenges of high school.
Graduates are well prepared for advanced studies in business, economics, politics and government.
Graduates are well prepared for careers immediately upon graduation with the bachelor s degree.
Graduates are well prepared for careers immediately upon graduation with the bachelors degree.
Graduates are well prepared for careers in business, government, education, or research.
Graduates are well prepared for employment and professional study.
Graduates are well prepared for employment in various government agencies or private industries.
Graduates are well prepared for immediate employment and for excellant career growth.
Graduates are well prepared for immediate employment and for excellent career growth.
Graduates are well prepared for leadership roles in their organizations.
Graduates are well prepared for teaching, law school, and graduate work in English.
Graduates are well prepared for the rigours of being a contemporary musician.
Graduates are well prepared for work in private or public, small or large organizations.
Graduates are well prepared to achieve success in high school.
Graduates are well prepared to enter the workplace or to further their education in graduate school.
Graduates are well prepared to meet the ever-changing demands of elementary school teaching.
Graduates are well prepared to practice engineering in an age of rapidly changing technology.
Graduates are well prepared to pursue advanced degrees.
Graduates are well qualified for graduate work.
Graduates are well qualified to teach computer literacy and programming courses.
Graduates are well-equipped for careers in research and industry.
Graduates are well-prepared for careers in business, industry and the public sector.
Graduates are well-prepared to attend veterinary , medical or graduate school programs.
Graduates are well-prepared to attend veterinary, medical or graduate school programs.
Graduates are well-trained for continued academic pursuit and also work.
Graduates are, therefore, well prepared for employment in industry or research laboratories.
Graduates assemble at south foyer entrance.
Graduates assemble in arena staging area.
Graduates assume coveted jobs in media, the arts, and high technology.
Graduates assume leadership positions in business, education, government, and the non-profit sector.
Graduates assume management and leadership positions in information agencies and services.
Graduates assume roles in research, education, and administration.
Graduates assume roles ranging from communication director to media specialist to sports promoter.
Graduates assume significant public service positions.
Graduates assume supervisory, management and technical responsibility.
Graduates attend all types of schools located over a wide geographic range.
Graduates attend colleges and universities in the United States and in their home countries.
Graduates attend first-rate graduate schools.
Graduates attend medical schools.
Graduates attend other international schools in Japan or boarding schools all over the world.
Graduates attend schools.
Graduates automatically surrender their lower qualification once they achieve a higher award status.
Graduates become actively involved in the community and are a valuable asset to the area.
Graduates become architects who can undertake general practice or choose to specialise.
Graduates become commissioned officers.
Graduates become competent clinicians who are competitive in the professional job arena.
Graduates become eligible for certification in at least two areas.
Graduates become lawyers in areas related to applied sciences and medical sciences.
Graduates become more marketable and gain job security.
Graduates become part of a close-knit alumnae network.
Graduates become part of an extensive alumni network.
Graduates become qualified to work in electronic automation and in control systems environments.
Graduates become skilled in being the primary care provider for the pediatric patient.
Graduates become teachers.
Graduates become veterinarians and members of a legally defined and protected profession.
Graduates begin careers or attend graduate school, public policy school or law school.
Graduates begin working for Holland America as assistant stewards.
Graduates believe that they can become whatever they dream they can be.
Graduates benefit from the strong alumni network of recruiters.
Graduates bring a recent letter of good standing from their department.
Graduates burdened with debt look elsewhere for work.
Graduates can add their resumes to the database at no charge and apply for up to three occupations.
Graduates can advance in the areas of customer service, technical support, and field engineering.
Graduates can also apply for higher education.
Graduates can also apply to the provincial apprenticeship office.
Graduates can also choose at which school they want to attend the commencement exercises.
Graduates can also help in conservation efforts.
Graduates can also pursue advanced training at the graduate level in documentary film production.
Graduates can also sign up to receive the new newsletter.
Graduates can also utilize their knowledge of the German language in a wide array of fields.
Graduates can also work as freelance artists.
Graduates can also work in areas of coding and insurance billing in outpatient settings.
Graduates can also work in preventative settings.
Graduates can anticipate finding employment in the food industry or a food research institute.
Graduates can apply math, science, and engineering knowledge to civil engineering problems.
Graduates can apply their technical expertise to solve engineering problems.
Graduates can articulate the role of the arts in culture.
Graduates can attend any ceremony free of charge.
Graduates can become paralegals with law firms, private businesses or governmental units.
Graduates can begin as operators, information processing specialists, and office assistants.
Graduates can begin teaching in their own classroom.
Graduates can choose from a variety of jobs, from reservations to accounting to banquet management.
Graduates can choose from numerous settings and patient groups in which to practice.
Graduates can claim the money any time within the next eight years.
Graduates can communicate effectively.
Graduates can consider career paths in any of the major areas of study involving mathematics.
Graduates can discuss employment opportunities with organisations attending.
Graduates can earn a completion certificate in four areas.
Graduates can earn either an associate's degree or a certificate.
Graduates can earn rewarding salaries starting in the mid-twenties per year.
Graduates can enrol in a PhD program in international relations.
Graduates can enter either private or public service areas.
Graduates can enter the field of teaching or business.
Graduates can enter the research, development, or design areas of engineering.
Graduates can expect a large job market with excellent pay and benefits.
Graduates can expect a varied and satisfying career.
Graduates can expect excellent career opportunities in industry, secondary and vocational education.
Graduates can expect to earn the following average annual salaries.
Graduates can expect to find employment in day care centers or as an independent day care provider.
Graduates can expect to find employment in manufacturing, construction design and related companies.
Graduates can expect to obtain leadership positions involving applied engineering.
Graduates can find careers in many different areas.
Graduates can find employment in the Czech armed forces as well as in civilian professions.
Graduates can find employment opportunities available around the world.
Graduates can find themselves working within a great variety of fields.
Graduates can function as technology specialists for their schools or school districts.
Graduates can get jobs in networking, web page design, and computer repair.
Graduates can go on to study for a postgraduate degree, the licentiate and the doctorate.
Graduates can invite as many guests as they wish.
Graduates can invite special guests and enjoy a casual lunch on the lawn.
Graduates can keep in touch through our alumni database.
Graduates can learn about jobs from college career placement offices.
Graduates can learn about our recruitment procedures and each of our career entry points.
Graduates can look forward to a wide range of career opportunities.
Graduates can look forward to achieving success in the manner of thousands who have gone before.
Graduates can look forward to achieving the success of thousands who have gone before.
Graduates can look forward to an exciting future.
Graduates can look forward to numerous career opportunities in a diverse array of settings.
Graduates can make reasonably good money in Saskatchewan, all three say.
Graduates can now expect to change careers several times during their working lives.
Graduates can obtain a diploma of 'specialist of guitar craftsman'.
Graduates can pass through and be licensed as barbers, or be assigned a period of apprenticeship.
Graduates can pick up attire the weekend preceeding graduation during regular weekend hours .
Graduates can pick up their orders in the line up area.
Graduates can provide a forum to manage social and economic change through effective planning.
Graduates can pursue a variety of possible careers.
Graduates can pursue careers as paediatricians, general practitioners or specialists in any field.
Graduates can pursue careers in clinical practice, management, nurse education and research.
Graduates can pursue careers in the farm sector as owner operators or managers.
Graduates can pursue careers such as researcher, policy maker or industry specialist.
Graduates can pursue careers such as researcher, policy maker, or industry specialist.
Graduates can pursue further education and become a medical doctor, dentist, or chiropractor.
Graduates can pursue numerous career paths.
Graduates can qualify as both business teachers and technology experts.
Graduates can qualify for jobs with ambulance services, fire departments, and rescue squads.
Graduates can read, write, speak, and listen for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Graduates can receive guidance and help from the program after graduation as well.
Graduates can register on our webpage and update others successes.
Graduates can research job openings, law firms and governmental agencies.
Graduates can return at any time and compile materials for personal resume videotapes.
Graduates can return for help, when needed.
Graduates can seek employment in a wide range of civil engineering specialties.
Graduates can send in suggestions for the name with their donations.
Graduates can shift easily to other areas if the one they are working in becomes obsolete.
Graduates can solve engineering problems that are vague or poorly constrained.
Graduates can solve quantitative problems by utilizing mathematical skills and current technology.
Graduates can speak, understand, read and write a foreign language in simpler work duties.
Graduates can start their own businesses in horticulture or landscaping.
Graduates can stay home.
Graduates can study for a masters or doctorate .
Graduates can study for a masters or doctorate.
Graduates can successfully transfer to the following schools.
Graduates can take a variety of career paths.
Graduates can then open their own businesses.
Graduates can then target organizations that match their skills, interests and abilities.
Graduates can work as DTP operators at the data entry level or as secretaries.
Graduates can work at industrial and utility power stations, as well as in planning and marketing.
Graduates can work effectively in teams.
Graduates can work in both vocations.
Graduates can work in hotels, restaurants, resorts, airlines, hospitals and on cruise ships.
Graduates can work in other areas as well as becoming Hunting, Fishing or Adventure Tour Guides.
Graduates can work in technical sales, technical service and other non-laboratory fields.
Graduates cause graduates.
Graduates celebrate their new beginning.
Graduates choose from jobs in private companies, federal and state agencies, and trade associations.
Graduates cite numerous reasons for their employment in an unrelated job.
Graduates claim to have been ineptly prepared for traditional college assessments.
Graduates come from a broad range of disciplines and full CVs are available upon request.
Graduates come from districts that embrace half of Nebraska's public school population.
Graduates come out of the program refreshed and renewed.
Graduates commit to weekly prayer and reflection together.
Graduates compete very successfully for research support from nationally competitive sources.
Graduates completing baccalaureate degrees wear black caps and gowns.
Graduates consistently point to the high quality of our curriculum and faculty.
Graduates consistently praise the role internships played in their career choices.
Graduates consistently report that it was an extremely valuable experience.
Graduates continue to do very well and experience a high pass rate.
Graduates continue to find career employment or enter graduate studies.
Graduates continue to lead the state in the first-time pass rate of the CPA exam.
Graduates continue to network and work with others to improve our community.
Graduates contribute to community .
Graduates currently serve the profession in optometric and ophthalmology offices and clinics.
Graduates demonstrate a commitment to life-long learning.
Graduates demonstrate an understanding of requisitioning and the legal implications of their work.
Graduates demonstrate competence in beginning computer skills.
Graduates demonstrate competency in both written and verbal communication skills.
Graduates demonstrate the capacity to serve as missional leaders in Christian communities.
Graduates develop a capacity for independent research and problem analysis and solution.
Graduates develop an understanding of foreign culture, especially in the area of literature.
Graduates develop critical thinking, communication and therapeutic transcultural nursing skills.
Graduates develop human relations skills that are essential in the work place and the community.
Graduates differ in the organization setting in which they work.
Graduates discern what is lasting and valuable from that which is ephemeral and trite.
Graduates do it by degrees.
Graduates do rise to positions of considerable prominence.
Graduates don the attire that for years has symbolized scholarship attainment.
Graduates dress up.
Graduates earn a Bachelor of Arts Degree.
Graduates earn a bachelor of business administration in hospitality.
Graduates earn a bachelor of science degree, regardless of major.
Graduates earn a bachelor of science in business administration with a major in economics.
Graduates earn a master's and are eligible for state certification.
Graduates earn a science degree and a teaching credential after four years.
Graduates earn a standard U.S. secondary school diploma.
Graduates earn an associate degree.
Graduates earn an Educational Specialist Degree.
Graduates earn credits for the in-school portion of the cook apprenticeship program.
Graduates earn more than non-graduates, even allowing for differences in innate talent.
Graduates earn national certification after successfully passing a national certification exam.
Graduates earn six-semester hours of college credit.
Graduates earn the associate degree in applied science.
Graduates earn the bachelor of arts degree.
Graduates earn the same accredited degrees as their on-campus counterparts.
Graduates earn top dollar using proven techniques from our business course.
Graduates earn top honors on CPA exams and are in strong demand by employers.
Graduates emerge ready to enter the profession.
Graduates employ in major occupations.
Graduates employ in occupations.
Graduates engage in practices of lifelong learning.
Graduates enjoy a broad range of possibilities of employment.
Graduates enjoy a high level of job satisfaction, excellent salary range, and good job placement.
Graduates enjoy excellent employment prospects both locally and overseas.
Graduates enjoy fulfilling careers.
Graduates enjoy high employment rates.
Graduates enjoy the ceremony.
Graduates enjoy the prestige and confidence that only comes through quality education.
Graduates enter a variety of careers with both public agencies and private companies.
Graduates enter advanced degree programs in history, Christian ministries and law.
Graduates enter careers in production, processing, sales, education, and in governmental agencies.
Graduates enter initial employment in permanent positions at a higher rate than national norms.
Graduates enter into a two-phase training process.
Graduates enter jobs.
Graduates enter permanent jobs.
Graduates enter respected high schools throughout the New York area.
Graduates enter school prepared with social skills.
Graduates enter the job market with practical know-how and comprehensive portfolios.
Graduates enter the professional world with one of the finest visual arts educations available.
Graduates enter the workforce as technology-proficient workers.
Graduates enter the workforce or they can also continue their education.
Graduates enter their LEA and receive agency-specific training.
Graduates enter universities across North America.
Graduates establish careers in both private industry and government.
Graduates examine beliefs.
Graduates excel in academics, athletics and leadership.
Graduates excel on the CPA examination.
Graduates exhibit effective oral communication skills.
Graduates exhibit effective written communication skills.
Graduates exhibit self respect and tolerance.
Graduates expect to perform rigorous engineering tasks as well as being innovative implementers.
Graduates expect top dollar because they have a degree.
Graduates experience a high degree of success and assume a variety of roles in health care settings.
Graduates Fall graduates defend portfolios.
Graduates fare well in the job market and graduate programs.
Graduates fill leadership positions in various denominations and Christian ministries across Africa.
Graduates fill vital positions in academia, government, and business around the world.
Graduates fill vital positions in academia, government, and businesses around the world.
Graduates find a variety of careers in industry, research and education.
Graduates find a variety of different positions depending on their experience and expertise.
Graduates find acceptance in the best graduate schools and in top industrial organizations.
Graduates find any number of career options in both government and private industry.
Graduates find career opportunities as statisticians with private and private sector agencies.
Graduates find career opportunities in production and service industries.
Graduates find careers in computer science available from a variety of employers and in all regions.
Graduates find careers in foreign service, banking, exporting, business, and development.
Graduates find careers with retail stores, wholesale showrooms, or buying offices.
Graduates find challenging job placements in all geographical areas of the United States.
Graduates find employment both in and outside of Indiana.
Graduates find employment in a variety of settings including hospitals, and businesses.
Graduates find employment in a variety of settings, with the majority staying in the area.
Graduates find employment in a wide range of public and private sector organisations.
Graduates find employment in a wide variety of settings.
Graduates find employment in both private and public schools.
Graduates find employment in both private and public sectors.
Graduates find employment in both the private and public sectors.
Graduates find employment in consulting firms, construction, government, teaching and research.
Graduates find employment in many areas of business and government.
Graduates find employment in schools, hospitals, public and private agencies, business and industry.
Graduates find employment in the private sector and with governmental and international agencies.
Graduates find employment success in a variety of areas.
Graduates find employment with ambulance services, fire departments, and volunteer rescue squads.
Graduates find employment with forest products companies and trade associations.
Graduates find employment within state and federal agencies, foundations and research programs.
Graduates find employment working with people in a wide range of community settings.
Graduates find good jobs in an exciting career which has great potential for promotion.
Graduates find immediate work in schools.
Graduates find jobs in car dealerships, independent body shops and fleet operations.
Graduates find jobs in several major areas.
Graduates find jobs with a broad spectrum of companies.
Graduates find management careers in the electronic imaging and publishing industry.
Graduates find positions across the entire breadth of the printing and publishing world.
Graduates find positions as mental health professionals or school psychologists.
Graduates find positions in government service and private industry.
Graduates find positions in land management, range livestock management, and wildlife management.
Graduates find positions throughout Oregon, the nation, and internationally.
Graduates find positions with governmental agencies and private industry.
Graduates find research-oriented and teaching careers in higher education, business and government.
Graduates find rewarding positions in all degree areas in both major and smaller organizations.
Graduates find suitable jobs with such as congressional offices and lobbying groups.
Graduates find teaching positions in preschool through twelfth grade school settings.
Graduates find that employers value a well-rounded liberal arts education.
Graduates find that the interdisciplinary nature of our courses is an extremely helpful background.
Graduates find that the qualification caters for a wide range of interests and aptitudes.
Graduates find the ceremony enjoyable and rewarding.
Graduates find themselves on career tracks that lead to production management and supervision.
Graduates find themselves well prepared for careers in information systems.
Graduates find work around the nation and the world, with a majority in Florida public schools.
Graduates find work in all areas of the financial industry.
Graduates find work in business, finance, and computing.
Graduates follow along in their programs as the commencement ceremony takes place.
Graduates follow collegial marshals.
Graduates follow five general career paths.
Graduates follow platform party and faculty.
Graduates form a loyal alumni network in both academia and private practice.
Graduates form a network of outstanding leaders for our schools.
Graduates form a strong professional network of support for job-seeking graduates.
Graduates function in a socially responsible manner.
Graduates function successfully in an increasingly diverse society.
Graduates further have to establish themselves professionally to ensure audience acceptance.
Graduates gain a licence to practise as an occupational therapist.
Graduates gain a solid background in the various quality system standards in use today.
Graduates gain acceptance into major Christian colleges and state universities.
Graduates gain access to the finest colleges and universities in the country.
Graduates gain considerably from higher education compared with non-graduates.
Graduates gain engineering competence with training in both production and construction.
Graduates gain four months of paid employment experience in their field.
Graduates gain generic counseling skills plus specialized knowledge about school counseling.
Graduates gain professional accreditation and membership of a professional institute.
Graduates gain proficiency in working with culturally diverse communities.
Graduates gain the skills necessary to transform an innovative concept into a marketable success.
Graduates gather to renew old acquaintances and friendships and enjoy the game.
Graduates generally begin with management accounting and decision making or internal auditing.
Graduates generally enter the work force as middle-managers in acute care or community settings.
Graduates generally go on to positions in government or the commercial sector.
Graduates generally receive their diplomas within two months following the on-campus ceremony.
Graduates generally serve a shorter active duty obligation.
Graduates Get a head start in the job market with our email service.
Graduates get ahead on the shoulders.
Graduates get jobs as wildlife rangers, animal control officers and veterinarian assistants.
Graduates get jobs in all fields where photographers are needed, including magazines and newspapers.
Graduates get the chance to come together and share a warm atmosphere.
Graduates give class mementos, ranging from the spirited to the practical, to their alma maters.
Graduates go into law, teaching, accountancy, public relations, and many more.
Graduates go on active duty in career fields where they can apply their education.
Graduates go on to become business owners, teachers, art directors and museum curators.
Graduates go on to fellowship and practice opportunities in nearly equal proportions.
Graduates go on to lacal day schools and to a variety of preparatory schools around the country.
Graduates go on to manage and teach at golf courses around the country.
Graduates go on to positions in teaching, research, and administration.
Graduates go on to productive careers in industry or research and development.
Graduates go on to rewarding careers as educators, performers, and administrators.
Graduates go on to work in a wide range of federal, state, and local agencies.
Graduates go to schools.
Graduates go to work at companies.
Graduates go to work in the public or private sectors, or go on to graduate professional studies.
Graduates have (part) arms.
Graduates have (part) body substances.
Graduates have (part) cell membranes.
Graduates have (part) cells.
Graduates have (part) corpi.
Graduates have (part) cytoplasm.
Graduates have (part) heads.
Graduates have (part) human bodies.
Graduates have (part) legs.
Graduates have (part) material bodies.
Graduates have (part) necks.
Graduates have (part) nuclei.
Graduates have (part) personality.
Graduates have (part) plasma membranes.
Graduates have (part) sections.
Graduates have (part) vacuoles.
Graduates have a broad base of knowledge in one or more agriculture disciplines.
Graduates have a broad knowledge base germane to their area of study.
Graduates have a broad liberal arts education with a rich intellectual grasp of the field of music.
Graduates have a broad understanding of landscape architecture and related disciplines.
Graduates have a broad understanding of materials science and engineering and related disciplines.
Graduates have a broad understanding of veterinary pathology and related disciplines.
Graduates have a competitive advantage in the employment market.
Graduates have a good record of entering related employment.
Graduates have a high placement in industry.
Graduates have a history of success in industry and many advance to higher executive positions.
Graduates have a party with their classmates after finals.
Graduates have a range of opportunities for employment and graduate study.
Graduates have a strong background in basic and applied sciences.
Graduates have a strong clinical background.
Graduates have a strong track record in leading graduate schools in international affairs.
Graduates have a wide choice of job openings in travel, hotel and restaurants.
Graduates have a wide choice of practice settings.
Graduates have a wide range of employment opportunities in technology-rich businesses.
Graduates have a wide range of options to pursue the most challenging career opportunities.
Graduates have a wide selection of clinical settings to choose from.
Graduates have a working knowledge of business practices and the basics of market research.
Graduates have access to slick.
Graduates have after two years of practice the possibility to enter specialist training.
Graduates have an ability to formulate and use engineering models.
Graduates have an ability to function independently when necessary.
Graduates have an ability to function on multidisciplinary teams.
Graduates have an especially strong background in methodology and statistics.
Graduates have an excellent job placement record.
Graduates have an excellent track record of obtaining academic positions.
Graduates have an increasing number of local job opportunities.
Graduates have an understanding of professional and ethical responsibility.
Graduates have an understanding of the importance of professional registration.
Graduates have appreciation of development of guitar and guitar music.
Graduates have basic entrepreneurial skills in small business practices.
Graduates have broad-based clinical skills in all areas of optometry.
Graduates have career opportunities with consulting firms, government agencies, and industry.
Graduates have competency in design concepts and laboratory skills.
Graduates have considerable success in business, diplomacy, teaching and translating.
Graduates have design competence.
Graduates have enthusiasm for learning.
Graduates have excellent employment prospects.
Graduates have excellent opportunities to develop strong networks within the organisation.
Graduates have exceptionally high passing rates for licensure and certification.
Graduates have exciting employment opportunities at many different levels.
Graduates have experience using mainframe, microcomputer and software packages.
Graduates have experience.
Graduates have expertise in all areas of residential, commercial and central office installation.
Graduates have firm foundations in the fundamentals and application of current chemical theories.
Graduates have good positions in industry, academia, and government.
Graduates have higher than normal rates of leukemia.
Graduates have knowledge of contemporary issues.
Graduates have many job opportunities in a variety of areas.
Graduates have many options locally, statewide and nationally.
Graduates have no problems finding jobs.
Graduates have no trouble getting jobs.
Graduates have opportunities for work in a wide spectrum of media related positions.
Graduates have practical experience in diverse areas.
Graduates have private studio spaces and are usually awarded teaching or technical assistantships.
Graduates have problem-solving experience that can be learned only in the workaday world.
Graduates have real-world experience by the time they complete their program.
Graduates have roles in the culture of work and as citizens in the community.
Graduates have skills to start their own studio or work in the trade.
Graduates have special skills in caring for the underserved in a community health center setting.
Graduates have strengths in data analysis and interpersonal communication.
Graduates have sufficient academic preparation to pursue graduate business education.
Graduates have sufficient advanced knowledge in their chosen field.
Graduates have the ability to write for both specialized and general audiences.
Graduates have the basic knowledge needed to advance to higher career levels.
Graduates have the experience of interacting with persons of different background and cultures.
Graduates have the flexibility of being employable nationwide.
Graduates have the foundation for entering doctoral programs in nursing.
Graduates have the kind of experience and skills which employers require.
Graduates have the knowledge and competence to operate in the integrating European market.
Graduates have the knowledge to manage any horticulture business or market associated products.
Graduates have the opportunity to acquire employment on a statewide or a nationwide basis.
Graduates have the opportunity to advance into printing management at the college level.
Graduates have the opportunity to become registered dietitians or licensed nutritionists.
Graduates have the opportunity to earn the bachelor's, engineer's and master's degrees.
Graduates have the opportunity to work as non-union or union electrical trainees.
Graduates have the portable intellectual skills many employers want.
Graduates have the potential to earn excellent starting salaries.
Graduates have the potential to increase their current salary.
Graduates have the skills to advise decision-makers at various levels of economic activity.
Graduates have the skills to work in a number of lower and middle level management positions.
Graduates have to endure a lot of difficulty due to the serious unemployment situation.
Graduates help locate the site and date of the reunion, as well as promote it to fellow classmates.
Graduates help set a positive tone for the city.
Graduates hold adequate knowledge for both national and international standards.
Graduates hold many diverse roles in the health care industry.
Graduates hold professional positions in Kentucky and many other states.
Graduates hold top positions in their field.
Graduates hold up their diplomas in triumph.
Graduates hold various positions with a number of human services agencies and institutions.
Graduates indicates a wide variety of job placements.
Graduates investigate, formulate, analyze and solve scientific problems.
Graduates join a network of alumni known around the world.
Graduates join a strong global alumnae network, offering life-long benefits and support.
Graduates join business.
Graduates join elite global alumni, many who are leaders within their chosen field.
Graduates joining commercial banks usually begin as management trainees.
Graduates keep tassels.
Graduates keep the laptop upon program completion.
Graduates know how to gather, interpret and communicate information for effective decision making.
Graduates know how to think critically, write quickly, and report under deadline pressure.
Graduates know less now than they used to.
Graduates learn the physiological and psychological aspects of normal growth and development.
Graduates learn the skills necessary to be employed in a diagnostic radiology center.
Graduates learn to advocate for themselves and others.
Graduates learn to move in spiritual ministries and gifts.
Graduates learn to think critically about political life in a variety of settings.
Graduates learn to think scientifically about human behaviors and mental processes.
Graduates leave familiar surroundings to face new challenges and opportunities.
Graduates leave the academy with the equivalent of six years of study in either Spanish or Japanese.
Graduates leave the program with the knowledge, skill, and ability to lead the industry.
Graduates leave with a full toolkit and a solid continuing education program.
Graduates leave with an academic minor in Bible and basic instruction in computer science.
Graduates leave with greater confidence to live a productive, independent life.
Graduates leaving the department are always in great demand.
Graduates line up and receive final instructions.
Graduates line up in the hall.
Graduates line up to march in order, based on the degree they are receiving .
Graduates listen to guest speakers.
Graduates listen to the keynote speaker.
Graduates mainly target jobs in the engineering industry, at physics laboratories, and in teaching.
Graduates make assessments on manufacturer waste streams and quality control in product design.
Graduates make significant contributions to the spiritual aspect of America's public health.
Graduates make successful transitions to a wide variety of careers.
Graduates make successful transitions to a wide variety of different careers.
Graduates manage their own business or become productive members of an organization.
Graduates manage, market, and finance agribusiness firms in domestic and international markets.
Graduates march in.
Graduates march off the stage and out of the auditorium.
Graduates master the fundamentals necessary to adapt to the culinary career path they choose.
Graduates mediate labor, family, commercial, and consumer disputes.
Graduates meet the needs of the employers.
Graduates move into successful careers in government, industry, consulting, and academics.
Graduates move on to management positions throughout the industry.
Graduates move quickly into positions for responsibility and leadership.
Graduates move to their assigned apartment as notified case by case.
Graduates normally begin employment within the next week.
Graduates normally find jobs as business programmers, or systems analysts.
Graduates normally find jobs as software testers in a program development environment.
Graduates now have significant debt when they enter the workforce.
Graduates nowadays cooperate and compete with their peers worldwide.
Graduates obtain a variety of travel-related positions.
Graduates obtain jobs in private industry and government organizations.
Graduates obtain positions all over the United States and also internationally.
Graduates obtain positions as help desk attendants and computer repair technicians.
Graduates obtain positions in public agencies and private food-processing and service corporations.
Graduates obtain their diplomas and return to their seats guided by the marshals.
Graduates occasionally pursue careers in industry or in clinical settings.
Graduates occupy key positions in academic and industrial environments.
Graduates occupy leadership roles in education, administration, and business.
Graduates occupy major leadership positions with private forest resource organizations.
Graduates occupy positions of influence in competition car, production car and supplier companies.
Graduates occupy senior level positions in Canada's food industry.
Graduates organize all activities.
Graduates organize all events.
Graduates own or are employed in hundreds of farm and forest enterprises throughout the state.
Graduates participate fully in the strategic and operational activities of health care agencies.
Graduates participate in our intensive human resource program.
Graduates pass the viewing station, receiving congratulations as they process to Commencement.
Graduates patiently await receiving their diplomas from the school administration.
Graduates perform at an advanced technical level in biotechnology and related industries.
Graduates perform various diagnostic testing procedures using x-rays.
Graduates play an important role on the engineering team working with engineers and technicians.
Graduates ponder the complete physician.
Graduates pose for pictures.
Graduates possess a broad understanding of horticulture and the underlying plant sciences.
Graduates possess breadth in assessing clinical concerns.
Graduates possess competency in at least one therapeutic orientation.
Graduates possess familiarity with at least two different therapeutic orientations.
Graduates possess skills suitable for entry level positions in radiography healthcare.
Graduates possess solid technical skills in accounting, marketing, economics and statistics.
Graduates possess the deepest and broadest knowledge possible.
Graduates possess the technical knowledge and skills to be a professional horticulturist.
Graduates practice in all settings, do obstetrics and fill fellowship faculty positions.
Graduates practice in every type of law all over the country.
Graduates practice independently, ethically, and legally as primary care providers.
Graduates practice professional nursing in a variety of settings.
Graduates practice successfully in private practice, public health, marketing and education.
Graduates practice the profession in industry, business, government, or at a university.
Graduates praise the program's special features.
Graduates predominantly accept positions in hospitals, clinics, or research laboratories.
Graduates prepare to enter careers requiring sophisticated research capabilities.
Graduates present their projects and discuss problems and progress with their peers and supervisors.
Graduates primarily provide direct service to clients.
Graduates primarily work in dental offices.
Graduates primarily work with children and adults with developmental disabilities.
Graduates progress from the imitation of early childhood to the critical thinking of adolescence.
Graduates provide care for patients in a variety of clinical settings.
Graduates provide primary care to individuals and families across the life span.
Graduates provide volunteer leadership for the educational components and other services.
Graduates pursue a mix of reconstructive, cosmetic, academic and private practice options.
Graduates pursue academic positions and jobs in government and industry.
Graduates pursue careers in a wide range of information agencies and positions.
Graduates pursue careers in agricultural business, industry, agencies, and farming.
Graduates pursue careers in research or in public health practice.
Graduates pursue careers such as a veterinarian, researcher, policy maker or university professor.
Graduates pursue college studies or are employed by veterinary clinics, kennels, and pet stores.
Graduates pursue employment in many areas of industry and business as well as graduate study.
Graduates pursue jobs in retailing, banking, advertising and accounting.
Graduates pursue rather diverse interests upon completion of their studies.
Graduates pursue various careers.
Graduates pursuing careers outside the service sector continue to devote time to their communities.
Graduates qualify as mechanics in plumbing, heating and water pump service.
Graduates qualify as professionals.
Graduates qualify for entry-level management positions in hotels, motels and resorts.
Graduates qualify for entry-level networking positions.
Graduates qualify for entry-level positions in industries using or related to their areas of study.
Graduates qualify for jobs in school libraries, public libraries and some private libraries.
Graduates qualify for Kansas social work licensure.
Graduates qualify for upgrading in their jobs or for employment in the air conditioning field.
Graduates qualify to take the CPA exam.
Graduates qualify to take the licensing examination for professional nursing.
Graduates quickly find themselves succeeding in their chosen field.
Graduates rank among the highest in state in licensing examination proficiency.
Graduates receive a bachelor of arts or a bachelor of science degree.
Graduates receive a certificate and cake and punch is provided by the drug court staff.
Graduates receive a certificate at the end of the program.
Graduates receive a certificate for attending all four sessions.
Graduates receive a certificate in science writing or natural science illustration.
Graduates receive a certificate of both universities.
Graduates receive a certificate of completion in Web design.
Graduates receive a certificate of completion.
Graduates receive a certification of completion.
Graduates receive a course completion card.
Graduates receive a degree awarded jointly by all three institutions.
Graduates receive a degree from the university.
Graduates receive a degree in sociology.
Graduates receive a detailed grounding in the fundamentals and available options.
Graduates receive a Dip.
Graduates receive a diploma.
Graduates receive a general teacher's certificate.
Graduates receive a high school diploma accredited in Greece.
Graduates receive a master's degree in airpower art and science.
Graduates receive a membership card, and diploma.
Graduates receive a Secretarial Science Associate of Applied Technology Degree.
Graduates receive a state-approved high school diploma.
Graduates receive a vocational diploma upon completion of the program.
Graduates receive a wallet card and patch.
Graduates receive an accredited degree and can be considered for admission to graduate schools.
Graduates receive an associate s degree.
Graduates receive an industry-respected certificate.
Graduates receive assistance in resume writing, interviewing skills, and job development.
Graduates receive associate degrees or certificates.
Graduates receive associate degrees.
Graduates receive awards during luncheon.
Graduates receive bachelor of science degrees and commissions as second lieutenants.
Graduates receive both regional and state level certificates of program completion.
Graduates receive certification upon completion of the courses.
Graduates receive complete final transcripts.
Graduates receive credits in to Certificate III in Hairdressing.
Graduates receive degrees.
Graduates receive diplomas.
Graduates receive discrete degrees, in either art or dance therapy.
Graduates receive lifetime certification recognized by all states, Canadian provinces and Mexico.
Graduates receive national certification as career development facilitators.
Graduates receive nationwide placement assistance.
Graduates receive one year's membership free following commencement.
Graduates receive qualifying retraining tuition free.
Graduates receive recognition for academic honor roll placement and clinical attendance.
Graduates receive Swiss, Australian and British qualifications subject to the courses studied.
Graduates receive the Bachelor of Science degree in business administration.
Graduates receive the Bachelor of Science degree in integrated science and technology.
Graduates receive the Bachelor of Science degree.
Graduates receive their diplomas approximately three months after commencement.
Graduates receive their diplomas by mail.
Graduates receive their diplomas throughout the year as they complete their final requirements.
Graduates receive their nurse's pins.
Graduates receive three certifications.
Graduates receive training in turfgrass science, irrigation systems design, and horticulture.
Graduates receive two degrees - one in liberal arts and one in engineering.
Graduates receives academic degrees.
Graduates recognize current, political, regulatory, and economic trends and emerging technologies.
Graduates regularly go on to the top pimping areas in the nation.
Graduates regularly win academic, leadership, fine arts, and athletic scholarships.
Graduates relate healthy life choices to spiritual development.
Graduates Remember to apply for graduation within the first two weeks of the spring semester.
Graduates report a high degree of job satisfaction.
Graduates report a high level of satisfaction with their career choice, income and lifestyle.
Graduates report high levels of satisfaction with the training they received.
Graduates report successfully stopping attacks up to eight years after completing training.
Graduates report that they are prepared for the most challenging university programs.
Graduates report that they received excellent tools for professional practice.
Graduates represent their clients by working closely with the various media and other publics.
Graduates require a particular set of skills to become effective fast.
Graduates responding to the exit interview appear polarized on the issue of communication skills.
Graduates responding to the exit interview appear polarized on the issue of problem-solving skills.
Graduates return again and again to rent boats and further their skills.
Graduates say the hard work pays off.
Graduates say their overall experience at the school was a good one.
Graduates say they appreciate being able to finish their degree before moving.
Graduates See contact information under individual programs.
Graduates see graduates.
Graduates seek careers in agricultural finance, management, marketing, and sales.
Graduates seek careers teaching health in the secondary schools in combination with a chosen minor.
Graduates seeking employment in Utah County have a bright future.
Graduates seem to be well prepared for the work force.
Graduates sell out to companies, who retail their code without sharing the knowledge behind it.
Graduates serve in a variety of capacities, including teaching, missions and para-church ministries.
Graduates serve in a variety of ways depending on their abilities and opportunities.
Graduates serve in faculty and upper-level administrative positions in colleges and universities.
Graduates serve on ships or in operations rooms, and some even serve in patrol aircraft.
Graduates serve worldwide and are recognized for their leadership, education, research and service.
Graduates share hugs and handshakes with fellow graduates, faculty and staff.
Graduates show high employment rates and earn more money than their general education counterparts.
Graduates sign up to be matched with a current student.
Graduates speak of a boost in self confidence, both professionally and personally.
Graduates specialize in clinical exercise physiology or exercise, nutrition, and eating behavior.
Graduates spread the school's name worldwide as successful performers, teachers and choreographers.
Graduates stand tall above the sea of caps and gowns.
Graduates start their careers at top salaries.
Graduates start with parties.
Graduates stay in close and long-lasting touch during the ascent up the professional ladder.
Graduates succeed in any field where writing and a command of the language are needed.
Graduates support both line and staff management personnel.
Graduates take a leading role in the development of Polish law and international commercial law.
Graduates take a moment to celebrate.
Graduates take jobs.
Graduates take on a variety of roles, but the majority become professors in colleges of education.
Graduates take part in a three-module course looking at each of the areas.
Graduates take positions in plant pest control, crop production and environmental protection.
Graduates take positions in production, management and marketing of horticultural crops.
Graduates take positions in production,management and marketing of horticultural crops.
Graduates take specialised one-year taught courses or undertake training in research.
Graduates take the certification examination immediately after graduation.
Graduates take three.
Graduates talk about their work .
Graduates teach abroad in such programs as in Korea and Japan.
Graduates tend to be employed by providers or users of telecommunications technologies.
Graduates tend to be hired in districts in close proximity to their home college or university.
Graduates tend to be hired in districts in close proximity to their home college.
Graduates tend to move here.
Graduates then are eligible for national certification as nuclear medicine technologists.
Graduates then are eligible to take the National Certification Examination.
Graduates then have an obligation to serve in the respective service for a certain number of years.
Graduates then receive certification by passing a national examination.
Graduates then take a state licensure examination.
Graduates think systematically about their practice and learn from experience.
Graduates think systematically about their practice, use research, and contribute knowledge base.
Graduates traditionally enter the fields of education, journalism, publishing, or communications.
Graduates transfer to four-year colleges and university across the country or enter the workforce.
Graduates transfer to four-year institutions before pursuing their professional degree.
Graduates typically are responsible for the design of integrated systems at one of two levels.
Graduates typically become lecturers, researchers and consultants.
Graduates typically enter careers as management trainees or junior business analysts.
Graduates typically find employment in manufacturing management, marketing or sales.
Graduates typically find employment in technical writing and editing positions.
Graduates typically find jobs as process engineers and development engineers.
Graduates typically find positions in academia, research institutes, government, and teaching.
Graduates typically go on to professional school immediately, or within a few years of graduation.
Graduates typically have many opportunities from which to choose.
Graduates typically have multiple job offers.
Graduates typically have no difficulty obtaining teacher licensure in other states.
Graduates typically log several years of work experience before taking the licensing exam.
Graduates typically move into production, sales, consulting, and managerial positions.
Graduates typically pursue research careers in academia or industry.
Graduates typically receive positions as propagators, superintendents, managers, and salespersons.
Graduates typically seek research-oriented industrial positions or academic appointments.
Graduates typically start as entry level mechanics.
Graduates typically start as entry level technicians.
Graduates typically start as entry-level carpenters.
Graduates understand and know how to manage human resources in business and nonprofit organizations.
Graduates understand the interaction of technology, human activity, and the environment.
Graduates use silly string to celebrate the moment.
Graduates use the major in linguistics for a liberal arts base in language related fields.
Graduates use their new knowledge and skills to garner leadership roles.
Graduates walk behind the novices, each wearing two salempore cloths.
Graduates wear a special cord at Commencement.
Graduates wear regalia.
Graduates work across a wide range of areas within the department.
Graduates work as business consultants, financial managers, independent auditors, and tax advisors.
Graduates work as buyers, sales representatives, promoters, merchandisers and store managers.
Graduates work as classroom educators, wellness directors and more.
Graduates work as educational leaders, researchers, media and computer specialists, and librarians.
Graduates work as electronic engineering technologists in many industrial settings.
Graduates work as equipment reps, business owners, product developers and store managers.
Graduates work as family court officers, and as advisors in the juvenile classification center.
Graduates work as far afield as the Gulf of Mexico.
Graduates work as interpreters in such areas as higher education, advanced technology, and theatre.
Graduates work as pharmacists in the community or in hospitals.
Graduates work as trainees, gaining journey-level status after from six months to two years.
Graduates work for design firms, advertising firms, and all range of businesses.
Graduates work for fundraising organizations, regional studies groups, and housing agencies.
Graduates work for government agencies, businesses and law firms in over fifty nations.
Graduates work for Gunshops, sporting goods stores, manufactures, and own their own shops.
Graduates work for new or used car dealerships, independent garages and service centers.
Graduates work in a broad range of educational settings in the state, nation, and the world.
Graduates work in a variety of careers.
Graduates work in a variety of fields.
Graduates work in a variety of settings providing therapeutic services.
Graduates work in academia, government agencies, research institutions, industry, and commerce.
Graduates work in all areas of business.
Graduates work in all areas of the industry including hotels, clubs, restaurants, and resorts.
Graduates work in all fifty states in a wide range of educational settings.
Graduates work in arts organizations across the country and abroad.
Graduates work in dental offices and related areas.
Graduates work in education, commerce, and independent film and video.
Graduates work in elementary occupations.
Graduates work in every conceivable industry, government agency, and non-profit.
Graduates work in every industry and nearly every country.
Graduates work in every sector and virtually every field.
Graduates work in family service centers, hospitals, and mental health institutions.
Graduates work in industry, government, and academia.
Graduates work in interactive software design and digital effects.
Graduates work in many areas where keen self-perception and skillful use of language are important.
Graduates work in occupations.
Graduates work in physician offices, medical clinics, public health agencies, and hospitals.
Graduates work in public schools, private schools, private studios and professional dance groups.
Graduates work in the local public schools, and schools across age groups and continents.
Graduates work in various settings as managers of fitness programs.
Graduates work in virtually every career field imaginable.
Graduates work Nationwide for construction and utility companies.
Graduates work primarily for regulatory agencies, industry, and private consultants.
Graduates work primarily in the South but are also employed throughout the nation and the world.
Graduates work to understand natural processes on Earth and other planets.
Graduates work under supervision and as team members.
Graduates work under the direction and supervision of an appropriate health professional.
Graduates work with all ages, socio-economic groups, and culturally diverse groups.
Graduates work with children both locally and across the nation.
Graduates work with electronic and photonic devices, circuits and systems.
Graduates write a longer final paper, though all other requirements are the same.
Graduates write longer papers, though all other requirements are the same.
Graduates frequently continue in doctoral programs.
Graduates frequently enter business, government service, law social work.
Graduates frequently proceed to higher degrees in environmentally related areas.
Graduates frequently work as general contractors or construction managers.
Graduates often begin careers in public, government and corporate accounting.
Graduates often begin their careers as computer programmers.
Graduates often choose to settle down on the North Shore, increasing the pool of skilled workers.
Graduates often come back as teaching assistants to help current students.
Graduates often continue their education in seminaries or graduate programs in religion.
Graduates often convert to permanent employees after graduation and completion of work requirements.
Graduates often find employment in churches, associations of churches, and related settings.
Graduates often find employment with the company where they did their final year placement.
Graduates often find their first job as a result of a successful placement.
Graduates often form teams with engineers, technicians, and other professionals.
Graduates often go on to doctoral study in sport and leisure studies or a related cultural field.
Graduates often have diverse experiences in their first permanent position.
Graduates often have little experience of the world of work and the transition can be difficult.
Graduates often have several career choices.
Graduates often obtain jobs in fields such as teaching, coaching, and athletic training.
Graduates often qualify as assistant designers and pattern makers.
Graduates often see relocation as a positive step in their life.
Graduates often start their own small businesses in various horticulture fields.
Graduates often take positions as managers or herdsmen at farms, ranches and governmental stations.
Graduates often teach English in Asia for a year or two after graduation.
Graduates often work in galleries, museums, publishing, or merchandising.
Graduates often work in public health practice settings, academia, or research.
Graduates usually accept positions with state, federal, or private research laboratories.
Graduates usually begin their careers as staff assistants in either a commercial or portrait studio.
Graduates usually have jobs within three months of graduation.
Graduates usually have multiple job offers to choose from.
Graduates usually have several offers for employment.
Graduates usually play a full part in the wider social and sporting life of the college.
Graduates usually teach Italian or are involved with bilingual education.
Graduates usually transfer to a senior insitution with junior year status.
Graduates usually work under supervision of a veterinarian or an animal health technician.
All graduates are able to find employment.
All graduates are continuing their education, thus no percentage is available.
All graduates are eligible for national certification and licensure.
All graduates are eligible for national certification in their area of practice.
All graduates are eligible to nominate.
All graduates are eligible to stand for election to office at the Annual General Meeting.
All graduates are eligible to take the licensing exam for registered nurses.
All graduates are eligible to take the national certification examination in their area of emphasis.
All graduates are proficient phlebotomists as well.
All graduates are qualified Chinese teachers in secondary schools.
All graduates are to return regalia to the designated bins immediately following the ceremony.
All graduates are welcome to join and to attend meetings.
All graduates are welcome.
All graduates automatically become members of the association.
All graduates can celebrate together.
All graduates complete an internship as part of their course of study.
All graduates find immediate employment.
All graduates get excellent jobs in industry or academia.
All graduates have a firm grounding in clinical science, problem solving, and lifelong learning.
All graduates keep the individual tassel.
All graduates meet proficiency requirements in reading, mathematics, and composition.
All graduates meet requirements for national certification or state licensure.
All graduates meet the academic requirements for Senior Associate membership.
All graduates receive a free one-year membership in the association.
All graduates receive a military science minor.
All graduates receive a welcome letter with a leather bookmark and decal each year.
All graduates receive one free ticket.
All graduates receive two tickets for the morning exercises.
All graduates sit for examinations administered by recognized national certification organizations.
All graduates understand the principles of insect structure and function.
All graduates use the ramp to receive their diplomas.
Any graduate can undergo training and become a paramedic by profession.
Any graduate working in medical engineering and physics is eligible to join.
Every graduate can be the eyes and ears for the local West Point admissions field force.
Every graduate has clinical experience in urban, rural and suburban schools.
Every graduate receives all issues.
Every graduate thinks they know how to run the corps better.
Many graduates accept employment with the national laboratories or with federal agencies.
Many graduates also continue their education in professional or graduate schools.
Many graduates also earn graduate degrees in a wide variety of programs.
Many graduates also enter universities and research organisations.
Many graduates also find employment with small, engineering-related companies.
Many graduates also find excellent self-employment opportunities in both urban and rural areas.
Many graduates also find work interstate or overseas.
Many graduates also go on to law school.
Many graduates also go on to study for higher degrees.
Many graduates also go on to work as freelancers for hire.
Many graduates also hold college positions or are teaching in private or public school.
Many graduates also move from technical to general management positions.
Many graduates also proceed to postgraduate study at MA or PhD level.
Many graduates also pursue careers as engineering geologists and work in the construction industry.
Many graduates also pursue careers as private music teachers or as church musicians.
Many graduates also pursue graduate education at highly ranked institutions.
Many graduates also work in hotels, catering, corporate dining or as private cooks.
Many graduates are active researchers working in academia as well as industry.
Many graduates are award winning filmmakers, and some have shot features here.
Many graduates are classroom teachers, and remain in the classroom after they complete the program.
Many graduates are in highly respected and prestigious architectural practices throughout the world.
Many graduates are in other types of legal work, such as in government.
Many graduates are interested in starting their own business or in managing a small business.
Many graduates are new serving as pulpit ministers, youth ministers, missionaries, and counselors.
Many graduates are now leaders within their schools.
Many graduates are now profes-sors and managers in Poland and abroad.
Many graduates are qualified for acceptance into advanced medical imaging educational programs.
Many graduates are renowned soloists, conductors and composers.
Many graduates are self-employed.
Many graduates are successful professionals in education, chemistry, dentistry, or medicine.
Many graduates are teachers, from elementary school to college.
Many graduates are teachers, nurses, doctors, preachers, professors, poets, etc.
Many graduates are willing to share their career experience with current undergraduates.
Many graduates assume positions as university faculty.
Many graduates assume self-employment after acquiring experience in the field.
Many graduates attend again for the networking alone.
Many graduates attend law school and become attorneys.
Many graduates attend professional schools or teach at the secondary or the college level.
Many graduates become distinguished career military officers.
Many graduates become leaders in their fields.
Many graduates become supervisors in a relatively short time.
Many graduates become teachers in secondary schools and colleges.
Many graduates begin their careers as manager trainees.
Many graduates begin with temporary and part-time positions in public agencies.
Many graduates change employers and even sectors of activity.
Many graduates choose careers in geographic information working for government departments.
Many graduates choose to continue their education.
Many graduates choose to enter graduate school or pursue careers in related fields.
Many graduates choose to further their education in graduate school and law school.
Many graduates choose to serve overseas.
Many graduates choose to stay in southern California after completing their degrees.
Many graduates choose to work in galleries and other art-related fields.
Many graduates clarify their interests through job experiences or further schooling.
Many graduates combine private practice with public interest work.
Many graduates compare earning of doctoral degree to reaching top of Mount Everest.
Many graduates continue on for master's or doctorate degrees.
Many graduates continue on for masters or doctorate degrees.
Many graduates continue on to graduate school in a variety of disciplines.
Many graduates continue their education at a university.
Many graduates continue their education by completing advanced degrees in engineering or management.
Many graduates continue their studies at graduate, medical, dental, and other professional schools.
Many graduates continue their studies in the registered nurse program.
Many graduates continue their training by entering a formal apprentice program.
Many graduates credit their career decisions to a faculty member.
Many graduates currently work for major newspapers, television stations, and other businesses.
Many graduates dance in film, video productions and musical revues on cruise ships and cabarets.
Many graduates embark on careers in the pharmaceutical industry or in pathology laboratories.
Many graduates enter apprenticeships.
Many graduates enter law school or seek a combined business and law degree.
Many graduates enter the real world weighed down by credit card bills.
Many graduates enter the social services.
Many graduates enter the teaching field at the middle and high school levels.
Many graduates enter undergraduate schemes on a shortened course.
Many graduates eventually assume ownership of a dairy farm.
Many graduates eventually continue in graduate and professional studies.
Many graduates experience upward mobility in their institutions.
Many graduates feel responsible to come back and help other students.
Many graduates find employment in the sales of electronic-related products.
Many graduates find jobs as either process engineers or in technical sales.
Many graduates find positions as bank officers, stock brokers, or financial instrument salespersons.
Many graduates find positions as writers and editors, including writing of technical materials.
Many graduates find positions with various federal, state, and local criminal justice agencies.
Many graduates gain their first job as a result of their placement.
Many graduates go directly into the ski industry.
Many graduates go directly to work at major firms throughout the nation.
Many graduates go into law, medicine, business, journalism, editing, advertising, etc.
Many graduates go on to be researchers in academic institutions or other organisations.
Many graduates go on to become attorneys or to work for federal, state, or local governments.
Many graduates go on to become licensed professionals in the field.
Many graduates go on to become paralegals after taking additional training at other institutions.
Many graduates go on to construction-related jobs or college.
Many graduates go on to distinction in a variety of endeavors at area high schools.
Many graduates go on to do medical and biological research.
Many graduates go on to earn higher degrees and become scientists or engineers.
Many graduates go on to executive positions in foundations or become educational consultants.
Many graduates go on to further study and take higher degrees.
Many graduates go on to further study in a variety of fields.
Many graduates go on to graduate schools at other universities.
Many graduates go on to more advanced degrees.
Many graduates go on to non-subject related careers in business or the public sector.
Many graduates go on to noteworthy business careers.
Many graduates go on to postgraduate study.
Many graduates go on to purse the Ph.D. in English.
Many graduates go on to pursue doctoral degrees at other prestigious institutions.
Many graduates go on to pursue masters and doctorate degrees.
Many graduates go on to staff hospital emergency departments throughout Georgia.
Many graduates go on to study for higher degrees or to train as teachers.
Many graduates go on to take further specialist qualifications at MSc or PhD level.
Many graduates go on to teaching careers at all levels.
Many graduates go onto further education in the interior design field.
Many graduates go to four-year institutions following graduation.
Many graduates go to work for the federal government as researchers or customs inspectors.
Many graduates have positions in Illinois state government.
Many graduates have secured promotion within a short time of graduation.
Many graduates have the business in countries of Europe, Asia, America.
Many graduates have websites, both personal and professional.
Many graduates hold academic positions as assistant, associate or full professors.
Many graduates hold positions as presidents, vice presidents and deans.
Many graduates hold responsible and lucrative positions.
Many graduates hold senior positions in industry both in Ireland and abroad.
Many graduates hold top positions in law enforcement, corrections and the legal profession.
Many graduates join public accounting firms in providing auditing, tax or consulting services.
Many graduates look back on their thesis as their most important undergraduate accomplishment.
Many graduates look for work specifically in psychology.
Many graduates make their mark on the local, national and international fashion scenes.
Many graduates move directly into employment.
Many graduates now take advantage of our On-line advice and information service .
Many graduates now work at research institutes and in government.
Many graduates occupy leadership roles or positions of distinction in Missouri and the nation.
Many graduates occupy prestigious positions and have achieved great success in their work.
Many graduates open their own studios or work independently by taking freelance assignments.
Many graduates operate their own businesses.
Many graduates participate in the annual festival as actors, directors and dramturgs.
Many graduates perform obstetrics and include surgical procedures in their practices.
Many graduates plan to become top-level managers in their respective professions.
Many graduates practice in academic medicine.
Many graduates proceed to further postgraduate training.
Many graduates proceed to study for a PhD degree.
Many graduates progress to postgraduate study and research.
Many graduates purchase the Psi Chi gold cord and medallion for commencement exercises.
Many graduates pursue advanced degrees in the studio arts or professional careers in the fine arts.
Many graduates pursue advanced degrees in the subject.
Many graduates pursue advanced degrees to become researchers or educators.
Many graduates pursue advanced degrees.
Many graduates pursue advanced education after completion of the program.
Many graduates pursue advanced studies.
Many graduates pursue advanced training and work in research and education.
Many graduates pursue careers in law, business, and government.
Many graduates pursue careers in the consulting, banking and insurance industries.
Many graduates pursue graduate studies upon completion of their degree.
Many graduates pursue innovative nonlegal careers.
Many graduates pursue selling as a highly rewarding career in itself.
Many graduates pursue teaching careers in communication.
Many graduates reach distant congregations on foot.
Many graduates receive career job offers before graduation while involved in co-op experiences.
Many graduates return to farming.
Many graduates say they refer back to the book many times during their racing career.
Many graduates secure careers in publishing as editors, translators, and manuscript consultants.
Many graduates secure communication related jobs in business, industry, and government.
Many graduates seek additional education in analysis, health administration, and legal careers.
Many graduates serve as teaching faculty.
Many graduates start and operate their own successful businesses.
Many graduates start out by taking a non-graduate job.
Many graduates start out in supervisory positions and move up through the executive ranks.
Many graduates stay on to work at the many prominent international research centers in the area.
Many graduates still live here, and send their kids to school here.
Many graduates take career paths removed from the farm.
Many graduates take entry-level jobs to get into a company or into the finance and accounting field.
Many graduates take entry-level positions to get into a company.
Many graduates take positions in clinical, hospital and research laboratories.
Many graduates teach in high schools, community colleges, and universities.
Many graduates undertake research leading to a higher degree.
Many graduates use entreprenuerial skills to start their own businesses.
Many graduates use their student employment experiences as a work reference.
Many graduates wait a year or two before applying for advanced education.
Many graduates work as consultants, and others start their own businesses.
Many graduates work at different practices to make up the hours until they find full-time jobs.
Many graduates work for a year or so after college before deciding in a graduate program.
Many graduates work for aircraft manufactures or in other industries.
Many graduates work for national, state or local park systems.
Many graduates work in fashionable eye care retail stores, as customer service technicians.
Many graduates work in government positions at the city, county, state, or federal level.
Many graduates work in related fields such as planning, teaching and real estate.
Many graduates work in social services agencies, others in private industry.
Many graduates work in software or hardware documentation.
Many graduates work on golf courses.
Many graduates work to improve food production and processing throughout the world.
More graduates is always a positive thing.
More graduates seek teaching careers.
Most graduates also plan to remain in Texas.
Most graduates are choral, orchestral, band, or general music teachers in school settings.
Most graduates are eligible for supervisory or management positions with a few years of experience.
Most graduates attend medical schools.
Most graduates attend schools.
Most graduates become teachers.
Most graduates begin their careers working in mainstream primary and nursery schools.
Most graduates can expect to change jobs often.
Most graduates can expect to have at least two years in college accommodation.
Most graduates choose jobs in retail pharmacies because the pay is better.
Most graduates complete a hospital residency program lasting from one to three years.
Most graduates continue in higher education, many with large scholarships.
Most graduates continue their training as postdoctoral associates.
Most graduates contribute to the economic development of North Dakota and the surrounding region.
Most graduates currently serve the profession in medical offices.
Most graduates currently serve the profession in private dental offices.
Most graduates earn dual majors in Finance and Banking.
Most graduates elect to work with public agencies or in the private sector.
Most graduates employ in major occupations.
Most graduates employ in occupations.
Most graduates enter colleges and universities in the United States.
Most graduates enter jobs.
Most graduates enter management training programs of a wide variety of businesses.
Most graduates enter permanent jobs.
Most graduates enter private practice and remain involved in critical care and trauma.
Most graduates enter social work, education, or social science related programs.
Most graduates enter the profession directly.
Most graduates entering the workplace have to learn during their first year or so of work.
Most graduates establish their own private practices, either individually, or with other therapists.
Most graduates examine beliefs.
Most graduates find employment in entry-level support staff or administrative positions.
Most graduates find employment in nursing research.
Most graduates find entry-level marketing related positions in a variety of businesses.
Most graduates find meaningful careers in industry.
Most graduates find that the standard phrasing is satisfactory.
Most graduates find they are placed in challenging positions at competitive salaries.
Most graduates finish in about four semesters.
Most graduates follow their doctoral degrees with a postdoctoral fellowship.
Most graduates gain employment in the electronic manufacturing and electronic servicing industry.
Most graduates gain employment in the electronic manufacturing or telecommunications industry.
Most graduates get jobs in nursing research.
Most graduates go on to advanced degrees in architecture and related fields.
Most graduates go on to advanced study in physics or medicine.
Most graduates go on to colleges and universities in the United States and elsewhere.
Most graduates go on to federal employment, others to private businesses or research institutions.
Most graduates go straight from the classroom to their first job.
Most graduates go to schools.
Most graduates go to work as golf course superintendents.
Most graduates have at least five companies knocking their door down.
Most graduates have experience.
Most graduates have multiple job offers.
Most graduates hold teaching and research positions, often following postdoctoral work.
Most graduates join business.
Most graduates lack basic skills in managing personal finances, according to surveys.
Most graduates obtain employment in either community or hospital pharmacies.
Most graduates obtain positions shortly after graduation.
Most graduates opt for a career in either public accounting or private industry.
Most graduates opt to work a year or two and then pursue graduate school plans.
Most graduates perform diagnostic analyses in hospitals, clinics and government health agencies.
Most graduates receive advanced standing status in graduate social work programs.
Most graduates receive associate degrees.
Most graduates receive degrees.
Most graduates receive diplomas approximately two months after the ceremony.
Most graduates receive two or more offers of employment, many in the Pacific Northwest region.
Most graduates remain in Georgia and the southeastern U.S. following graduation.
Most graduates report receiving multiple job offers.
Most graduates return after retiring their dogs.
Most graduates return to farms or ranches or agribusiness after completion of program.
Most graduates return to the United States.
Most graduates see graduates.
Most graduates seek an optional internship or residency program.
Most graduates seek employment in elementary and secondary schools.
Most graduates serve primarily as clinicians.
Most graduates spend between two and four years on active duty.
Most graduates start off as dietitians in hospitals, nursing homes or community agencies.
Most graduates stay in management and executive positions.
Most graduates take jobs in human and social services.
Most graduates take jobs.
Most graduates take positions as university professors.
Most graduates take positions in industry, government, or business.
Most graduates take teaching positions.
Most graduates take their licensing test three years after graduation.
Most graduates teach in high schools, although they can also teach in primary schools.
Most graduates tend to work in hospitals.
Most graduates then go on to complete one to three years of residency training.
Most graduates work as product designers for manufacturers or consulting design offices.
Most graduates work for an organization a few years before trying to develop a private practice.
Most graduates work for daily or weekly newspapers.
Most graduates work in companies whose business is something other than publication.
Most graduates work in elementary occupations.
Most graduates work in hospitals, clinics and research laboratories.
Most graduates work in industry and find employment in any part of the country.
Most graduates work in occupations.
Most graduates work in private industry as consultants or with public sector instrumentalities.
Most graduates work in the public or governmental sector.
Some graduates actually take about a year timeout before actually heading into college or workplace.
Some graduates also choose to go to graduate school to obtain their Masters or Ph.D. degree.
Some graduates also choose to pursue further education and academic careers.
Some graduates also enter private practice.
Some graduates also enter the graduate schools and eventually teach at the university level.
Some graduates also go on to positions in educational administration or related fields.
Some graduates also prefer to start their own businesses or become consultants.
Some graduates also pursue degrees in Latin American studies, international affairs, and business.
Some graduates also pursue university studies.
Some graduates are able to secure positions with consulting firms.
Some graduates are active litigators.
Some graduates are among the top solo performing artists in the country.
Some graduates are excited, and some are upset.
Some graduates are in the military services.
Some graduates are interested in becoming physician assistants.
Some graduates are science buffs while others favor aesthetic involvement.
Some graduates are speechwriters, political aides, and technical writers working for the government.
Some graduates are successful farmers.
Some graduates become self-employed designers.
Some graduates become solicitors or barristers.
Some graduates begin their own businesses.
Some graduates choose construction management positions.
Some graduates choose instead to go on to further studies.
Some graduates choose instead to pursue doctoral studies at prestigious universities.
Some graduates choose positions in business or industry while others are self-employed.
Some graduates choose self-employment in the preservation field.
Some graduates choose the insurance industry, where they work as sales representatives or analysts.
Some graduates choose to engage in politics more directly.
Some graduates choose to enter the insurance, real estate or banking field.
Some graduates choose to pursue graduate education in accounting, business or law.
Some graduates choose to transfer to other colleges using our articulation agreements.
Some graduates choose to wait for an opening in a specific company.
Some graduates choose to work in galleries and museums around the country.
Some graduates choose to write or edit books and magazines.
Some graduates complete additional training at the doctoral level.
Some graduates continue in dance performance and choreography in regional and national companies.
Some graduates continue their studies in a professional school or PhD program.
Some graduates continue their study in Ph.D. programs.
Some graduates continue to do scientific research leading to a higher degree.
Some graduates do professional research for various agencies and corporations.
Some graduates elect to continue their education by entering Ph.D. programs.
Some graduates end up as clerks, salespersons, or worse.
Some graduates enrol on relevant undergraduate courses.
Some graduates enter accountancy or find occupations in the public sector, viz.
Some graduates enter directly into the work force.
Some graduates enter employment directly, while others go into further education or training.
Some graduates enter into their own business.
Some graduates enter into their own businesses.
Some graduates enter the surveying profession in either the private or public sector.
Some graduates establish private practices or become affiliated with physicians.
Some graduates establish their own theatres.
Some graduates find employment in community service agencies or with interest groups.
Some graduates find employment in funeral service supply or cemetery organizations.
Some graduates find employment.
Some graduates find jobs.
Some graduates find opportunities in local community theatres or acting troupes.
Some graduates find the transition from college life to the real world to be a demanding experience.
Some graduates form their own companies or develop their own information products and services.
Some graduates gain admission to selective professional schools of medicine and law.
Some graduates get their names printed on several banners throughout town.
Some graduates go back to school for second degrees.
Some graduates go directly into engineering positions.
Some graduates go on for master's or doctoral programs in theology or related fields.
Some graduates go on to become licensed land surveyors or registered professional engineers.
Some graduates go on to get advanced law degrees.
Some graduates go on to higher degree courses and others undertake postgraduate teacher training.
Some graduates go on to professional programs such as law or medicine.
Some graduates go on to take further specialist training in interpreting and translating.
Some graduates go on to teach in public schools, but other possibilities exist.
Some graduates go to teach and conduct research in university and other higher education settings.
Some graduates go to work immediately as laboratory technicians.
Some graduates have their own poultry businesses.
Some graduates help communities.
Some graduates make a living by going from one independent project to another.
Some graduates make it a priority to stay in New York, even upstate.
Some graduates manage their own companies, while others are employed by large multinational firms.
Some graduates minister in . . .
Some graduates move directly into an upper level degree program.
Some graduates move into design criticism or journalism.
Some graduates move quickly into marketing, systems analysis, administration and management.
Some graduates never do.
Some graduates now minister in our city ministries.
Some graduates obtain licensure and go on to engage in full or part-time private practice.
Some graduates open their own shops.
Some graduates operate their own businesses.
Some graduates opt for careers as professional politicians or as political campaign managers.
Some graduates opt to continue their education by transferring to a four-year college or university.
Some graduates perform professionally, others teach privately or at the college level.
Some graduates prefer self-employment as an option following licensure.
Some graduates proceed to further studies in allied health science medicine or medical research.
Some graduates proceed to higher studies and some enter professional programs.
Some graduates pursue academic careers as faculty members or administrators.
Some graduates pursue additional degrees in physical therapy or other fields.
Some graduates pursue advanced degrees in health administration or business.
Some graduates pursue careers in corrections counseling or drug and alcohol abuse intervention.
Some graduates pursue further studies with the goal of becoming a lawyer.
Some graduates pursue higher education at university.
Some graduates receive masters.
Some graduates remain in academic life and go on to take research degrees.
Some graduates return to manage family farm operations.
Some graduates return to their internship sponsors for post-graduate employment.
Some graduates see demonstrations.
Some graduates spend time abroad to gain wider and more varied design experience.
Some graduates start their own businesses or enter investment banking.
Some graduates successfully open their own programs.
Some graduates take jobs where they can use their biological skills in their work.
Some graduates take positions as specialists or sales people with garden centers.
Some graduates take positions as specialists or salespeople with garden centers.
Some graduates teach here or abroad.
Some graduates transfer to a four-year college or university.
Some graduates transfer to four-year colleges to prepare for teaching in the public school system.
Some graduates transfer to four-year institutions.
Some graduates use entrepreneurial skills to start their own businesses.
Some graduates use their engineering education as a springboard to medicine.
Some graduates work as consultants or start their own businesses.
Some graduates work as independent consultants or have formed their own software services companies.
Some graduates work as medical equipment sales representatives.
Some graduates work for agencies throughout the country.
Some graduates work for foreign companies.
Some graduates work for innovators and suppliers of technology-related equipment.
Some graduates work for large companies, while others prefer smaller companies.
Some graduates work for public agencies while others work with private ranches and outfitters.
Some graduates work in cafeterias.
Some graduates work in international management.
Some graduates work in manufacturing divisions, design offices, and product development companies.
Some graduates work in medical sales.
Some graduates work in medical, environmental, agricultural, or business environments.
Some graduates work in the area of alcohol and drug abuse education and treatment.
Some graduates work in the private sector, and some hold elective office.
Some graduates work on issues domestically and others internationally.
Some graduates work with equipment and software suppliers.
Some graduates work with producers to improve the quality of raw materials.
Graduated bonuses are available if recipients stay in jobs over time.
Graduated compression is used daily with the greatest measured compression at the foot and ankle.
A graduated cylinder is a graduate
Graduated cylinders are available for a variety of applications.
Graduated cylinders are available in a number of sizes.
Graduated cylinders are essential aspects of any good laboratory environment.
Graduated cylinders are made of either plastic or glass.
Graduated cylinders are thin glass tubes used to measure the volumes of liquids .
Graduated cylinders are thin glass tubes used to measure the volumes of liquids.
Graduated cylinders are used for accurate liquid measurement.
Graduated cylinders are used to measure out exact amounts of liquid chemicals or solutions.
Graduated cylinders are used to measure the volume of small objects in milliliters.
Graduated cylinders are used to measure volumes of liquid for scientific experimentation.
Graduated descriptions create a scale, a continuum of competence.
Graduated filters come in many sizes and types.
Graduated filters have a colored area that gradually changes in density and a clear area.
Graduated openings provide reference.
Graduated rods are six feet long.
Graduated systems impose passenger restrictions or curfews on young drivers.
Graduates students can enroll in the normal way.
Graduates students have access to additional facilities for the input and output of video.
Graduatings are awards ceremony.
Graduation cap is made of shiny, white cardboard and adjusts to two different head sizes.
Graduation caps are centerpieces, upside down, holding florals.
Graduation ceremonies are formal occasions so please wear appropriate clothing.
Graduation ceremonies are open to the public.
Graduation ceremonies are somewhat informal and muddy.
Graduation ceremonies are special occasions.
Graduation ceremonies are three times a year.
Graduation ceremonies can be a solemn occasion or time for celebration.
Graduation ceremonies play an important role in the lives of students and their schooling.
Graduation ceremonies take place at the end of each trimester.
Graduation ceremonies take place at the end of fall, winter and spring quarters.
Graduation day is a long awaited, exciting milestone.
Graduation day is just around the corner.
Graduation day is near.
Graduation day is tough for adults.
Graduation parties are for close friends, acquaintances and special guest.
Graduation speeches are often timely and topical.
A graduation is a completion
Graduation can be an ending and a beginning.
Graduation can mean many different things.
Graduation can therefore occur anytime a student meets all of the curriculum requirements.
Graduation comes and goes.
Graduation comes without much stress but high unemployment rates make finding a job difficult.
Graduation constitutes a release from services and is a change in placement.
Graduation depends on completion of assessment requirements.
Graduation draws nearer and nearer.
Graduation holds an abundance of possibilities.
Graduation implies progressing from one level to the next.
Graduation is a big day in the life of a student.
Graduation is a bittersweet mixture of opportunity and letting go.
Graduation is a campus-wide effort and concerns everyone's effort.
Graduation is a celebration of collaboration .
Graduation is a celebration of collaboration.
Graduation is a clear ending for high-school and college athletes.
Graduation is a concept of the past.
Graduation is a defining moment in our lives.
Graduation is a few weeks away.
Graduation is a formal event.
Graduation is a fulfilling, exciting event.
Graduation is a grand, time-honored ritual.
Graduation is a joyous and special occasion.
Graduation is a launching.
Graduation is a once in a lifetime occasion.
Graduation is a pathway now to a new life phase.
Graduation is a prominent rite of passage in our society.
Graduation is a recognition of the participants accomplishments.
Graduation is a recognition of the participants'' accomplishments.
Graduation is a special time in the life of our school.
Graduation is a step in their lifetime journey.
Graduation is a time for reflection.
Graduation is a time of gift giving.
Graduation is a time of mixed emotions for both graduates and family members.
Graduation is a time of reminiscing.
Graduation is a very big event in a student s life.
Graduation is a very hectic time.
Graduation is a very precious time.
Graduation is a welcome change.
Graduation is a wonderful, wonderful time.
Graduation is about two years away.
Graduation is actually the celebration of transition.
Graduation is after lunch.
Graduation is also a beginning.
Graduation is also a time to look towards the future.
Graduation is also optional.
Graduation is always a mixed bag.
Graduation is always a time of mixed emotions.
Graduation is always an exciting time.
Graduation is an academic celebration.
Graduation is an achievement of which students, their families and friends are justifiably proud.
Graduation is an approved curriculum related to surveying plus six years experience.
Graduation is an approved engineering curriculum plus two years experience.
Graduation is an approved land surveying curriculum plus four years experience.
Graduation is an apt moment to give a gift of original art.
Graduation is an example.
Graduation is an exciting time.
Graduation is an occasion for joy, reflection and dignity.
Graduation is an occasion for some dignity, decorum and tradition.
Graduation is an unapproved engineering curriculum plus four years experience.
Graduation is based on earned credits.
Graduation is based on the successful completion of the required courses and fieldwork experience.
Graduation is both an individual and corporate occasion.
Graduation is by application.
Graduation is celebrated amidst much fanfare.
Graduation is certainly a time to emphasize success.
Graduation is conducted on the last day of the fifth week of class.
Graduation is considered a change in educational placement.
Graduation is contingent upon correcting any such failures.
Graduation is delayed usually for six months.
Graduation is fast approaching.
Graduation is finally at hand, and it is time to hit the job market.
Graduation is glorious.
Graduation is great and college is crazy.
Graduation is held at the end of the regular school year.
Graduation is held once a year in the spring to honor all diploma and degree candidates.
Graduation is held once a year in the spring.
Graduation is here.
Graduation is imminent.
Graduation is in february.
Graduation is in one hour.
Graduation is just a stupid ceremony.
Graduation is just around the corner for our second year students.
Graduation is just around the corner.
Graduation is just as much for the family as the graduate.
Graduation is just one step in a long journey.
Graduation is just the beginning.
Graduation is next week.
Graduation is off, says the judge.
Graduation is once again in the air.
Graduation is one of the five great milestones in life.
Graduation is one of the four great milestones in life.
Graduation is one of the most highly anticipated events in the lives of students and their families.
Graduation is one week away.
Graduation is open to the public.
Graduation is over and hospital is over.
Graduation is over and the job hunt begins.
Graduation is over.
Graduation is pretty good.
Graduation is pretty phenomenal, and it's nice to be a part of it, even if it's a small part.
Graduation is processed automatically for all eligible students.
Graduation is sort of scary and exciting at the same time.
Graduation is strictly for the students.
Graduation is supposed to be a unifying experience.
Graduation is the completion of all the degree requirements.
Graduation is the culminating activity of the school year.
Graduation is the issuing of diplomas.
Graduation is the last current event of spring term.
Graduation is the obvious cure.
Graduation is the point at which all degree requirements have been met and the degree is awarded.
Graduation is the reward for all the late nights in the library and the long hours studying.
Graduation is the story of five girls who are in their senoir year at a private high school.
Graduation is tomorrow.
Graduation is traditionally a dignified and memorable event for seniors and their families.
Graduation is when the graduates throw their hats into the air.
Graduation is within sight.
Graduation is worth all the time and effort in the school of life.
Graduation is yet another reason to celebrate.
Graduation is, thus, dependent on demonstrated knowledge and mastery of skills.
Graduation launches the student into full-time ministry.
Graduation leads to a jobs center which lists openings in companies that believe in the program.
Graduation leads to a series of transient jobs.
Graduation leave begins upon graduation.
Graduation makes people really happy.
Graduation marks a significant personal achievement which opens many doors to the future.
Graduation marks a transition period for the seniors and thus, they are expressing mixed emotions.
Graduation marks another beginning and an ending.
Graduation marks one important step.
Graduation marks the dividing point between being a student and being an adult.
Graduation marks the end of an era, the end of a period in our lives.
Graduation marks the ending of a structured period in one's life.
Graduation marks the last time an entire community is together.
Graduation means change.
Graduation now awaits next semester s end.
Graduation occurs two years later after the completion of all of the clinical education experiences.
Graduation occurs upon completion of all program objectives.
Graduation opens the door to the future.
Graduation Procedures Procedures to follow for graduation.
Graduation refers to the date of the most recent degree in chemistry.
Graduation Requirements Back .
Graduation requires completion of several classes.
Graduation requires completion of thirty semester hours within six years.
Graduation requires six regular semesters in residence.
Graduation requires successful completion of all course work and approval of the faculty.
Graduation requires successful completion of all course work and faculty approval.
Graduation requires the successful completion of fifty-one credit hours.
Graduation seems so final.
Graduation signifies an end and it also signifies a beginning.
Graduation symbolizes the culmination of many years of hard work.
Graduation takes place after successful completion of the training course.
Graduation thus is one year earlier.
Graduations are a series of marks for measuring that are equal in distance or value.
Graduations are also nostalgic events because they are about milestones and about moving on.
Graduations are always a joy to cover.
Graduations are always good moments in life.
Graduations are always interesting because they are a culmination and also a beginning.
Graduations are completions.
Graduations are emotional.
Graduations are events.
Graduations are festive, happy occasions with a long tradition.
Graduations are indeed special moments in the lives of students and universities.
Graduations are lines.
Graduations do the same thing.
Graduations indicate approximate contents.
Graduations mark a rite of passage and an important achievement in the life of a student.
Graduations provide accurate references.
Graduations receive a Master of Science in Nursing degree.
Graduations take place one and a half hours after the fourth class begins.
Graduation usually takes care of itself, but finding a job is the ultimate challenge for graduates.
Most graduations result in a celebration, be it quiet or raucous.
Graves also serves as the software company's chief financial officer.
Graves also suggest that the teacher use the following techniques while conferencing with a child.
Graves are fairly common.
Graves are on the hill at upper left.
Graves are on the left .
Graves are rectangular in shape and designed to accommodate only one person.
Graves are sometimes identifiable in relation to neighboring ones or certain landmarks.
Graves are the living addresses of the dead.
Graves are West-East oriented and are mixed, men and women.
Graves burst open and dead people walked around.
Graves burst open every where.
Graves can provide information that exists nowhere else.
Graves combines the relaxation techniques with nutrient compounds and other natural remedies.
Graves consists of self-contained classes from kindergarten through sixth grade level.
Graves denies that.
Graves DJ poweful tools for genetic analysis come of age.
Graves has a very distinct style that uses bold, geometric shapes and lots of color.
Graves has long-standing ties to the trucking industry.
Graves hopes to study aerospace technology in college, if possible.
Graves is a contemporary architect and designer.
Graves is a gorgeous creature with a wonderful natural instrument.
Graves is a solid, elegant writer.
Graves is also well known for designing furnishings and products.
Graves is clearly at the end of the line and carries a big ticket.
Graves is even happier that shoppers are responding to the colorful arrays.
Graves is now the prosecuting attorney in Platte County, managing a staff of six other attorneys.
Graves is perhaps a rare breed of halfway house resident.
Graves is usually lights-out in that situation.
Graves is young and looks younger.
Graves lives in New York City.
Graves offers many programs and services for students.
Graves packs a pulpy punch.
Graves performs for the photographer, suggesting poses.
Graves relies on a nasty sinker and can go two or three innings.
Graves says tax increases are needed to adequately fund state programs and give schools more money.
Graves sink in as coffins and contents rot, leave cavities in the earth.
Graves supports existing abortion laws in Kansas, which restricts access to late-term abortions.
Graves tell archaeologists the most about the social status of Mississippian people.
Graves thinks injuries happen when pitchers back off their routines.
Many graves are unmarked.
Many graves have fencing but the wooden markers can no longer be made out.
Many graves have no stones.
Many graves remain in the cemetery.
Most graves are just stones without names.
Some graves are Civil War era.
Some graves are under a nearby church parking lot.
Some graves have no headstones, but do have small concrete markers.
Some graves have no markers.
Some graves have small aluminum courtesy markers from local funeral homes.
Some graves have stones surrounding the gravesite.
Some graves remain on property.
Graffiti art expresses dreams of stepping out of urban life.
Graffiti art is a direct contrast to the destructive nature of tagging.
Graffiti art is about using positive energy.
Graffiti art is cool.
Graffiti art is totally misunderstood.
Graffiti artists absorb their environments, and their art becomes the translation.
Graffiti artists can do allot of different things and adapt to many different styles.
Graffiti artists make it a mammoth tableau.
Graffiti artists place their emotions and inner feeling to their artwork.
Graffiti artists sketch tags in ringed notebooks.
Graffiti artists spray their way to notoriety.
Graffiti artists try to portray their emotion on the canvas.
Graffiti artists welcome.
Every graffiti artist goes through the phase of tagging to graffiti art.
Some graffiti artists travel around the country by hopping trains, painting along the way.
Graffiti crime can occur anywhere the opportunity exists.
Graffiti removal is a crucial initial step to reclaiming neighborhoods and reducing fear.
Graffiti removal is a difficult issue for property owners and the city.
Graffiti removal is also a daily objective.
Graffiti removal is given high priority.
Graffiti removal is given urgent priority.
Graffiti removal is one of the hallmarks of community policing.
Graffiti removal is possible because the gel-formulation works on irregular surfaces.
Graffiti writers are there to reflect on their community and environment.
Graffiti writers get their thrills by painting their pseudonym on the side of a train.
A graffiti is decoration
Graffiti attracts graffiti.
Graffiti can be a sign that crime is a problem.
Graffiti can be very difficult to remove, depending on the type of paint used.
Graffiti can be very frustrating and time-consuming for anything more than a short note.
Graffiti comes with a simple dumb editor.
Graffiti costs millions every year to remove and prevent, but it costs more to do nothing.
Graffiti cover most of the lobby walls in the derelict train station.
Graffiti forces communities to spend millions of dollars to cover or remove graffiti.
Graffiti intimidates people who are a part of the neighborhood.
Graffiti intimidates residents.
Graffiti litters the sides of the buildings.
Graffiti lives on outside the museum, needless to say.
Graffiti mars what's left.
Graffiti now adorns the new wall.
Graffiti publicizes control of a certain area of town by a specific gang.
Graffiti spreads to even the most upscale storefronts.
Graffiti stands to deny all the gushy promises made in the sunshine.
Graffiti still thrives in the jungles of our inner cities.
Graffiti targets a neighborhood for deadly violence.
Graffiti tends to attract more graffiti.
All graffiti is anonymous.
Most graffiti consists of random names and messages spray-painted on public or private property.
Most graffiti is an urgent, even aggressive, expression of an urban subculture.
Most graffiti washes off easily.
Some graffiti does include figures or abstract forms.
Some graffiti has a valuble message or important statement to pass onto the world.
Some graffiti is evident.
Some graffiti is gang related.
Graffito isa decoration.
Graffito isa ornament.
Graffitos are decoration.
Graffitos are located in bridges.
Graffitos are located in bus stops.
Graffitos have (part) sections.
Grafmatic back holds six sheet films, providing for faster interchange for sequence shooting.
Graft plants enhance expression.
Graft is animal tissue
Graft is attachment.
Grafts are stems cut from the parent plant and fused with rootstock from a different plant.
Grafts are susceptible to infection, resorption, displacement, and extrusion.
Grafts are visible when hair is parted through transplant area or when hair is disturbed.
Grafts can be powerful sculpting tools in reshaping the nose.
Grafts differ by size and shape.
Grafts require revision twice as often as fistulae.
Grafts typically chosen are the palmaris longus, plantaris, and long toe extensors.
Grafts often fail, resulting in complications that can leave patients blind and visually disabled.
More grafts are necessary to cover more bald area.
Most grafting knives are similar in size and shape to a paring knife.
Graham County is a rich land.
Graham County is named after Mt. Graham.
A graham cracker is a cracker
Graham crackers are digestive biscuits.
Graham crackers are to be coarsely crushed.
Graham island is the most populated and accessible of the islands.
A graham is wheat flour
Grahams are lower in fat, higher in carbs.
Grain alcohol is actually ethyl alcohol that has been made by fermenting grain.
Grain alcohol is alcohol
Grain alcohol is both expensive and hazardous to work with.
Grain alcohol is made from corn, so that's the agriculture thing.
Grain augers are very useful, labor-saving machines.
Grain beetles have eyes.
Most grain beetles have eyes.
Grain bins are extremely hazardous.
Grain bins require special design.
Grain boundaries are a mystery.
Grain boundaries are defects.
Grain boundaries are important in semiconductors, due to their mechanical and electrical properties.
Grain boundaries are the surfaces between individual grains in a metal.
Grain boundaries have a more open structure.
Grain boundaries have also for a along time been known to affect the properties of materials.
Grain boundaries have to transmit stresses from grain to grain.
All grain boundaries are sharp and clean.
Some grain boundaries contain particles.
Some grain boundaries have energy.
Grain bread contains fiber.
Grain carts are among the heaviest equipment that ever enter the field.
Grain cereals provide healthy snacks.
Grain cereals provide snacks.
Grain crops are particularly at risk.
Grain crops dominate the cropping structure.
Grain crops provide food for geese, ducks, sandhill crane and pheasants.
Grain dust can be extremely dangerous.
Grain dust is a respiratory sensitiser.
Grain dust is an extremely volatile substance that can explode without warning.
Grain elevators appear on the horizon like giant stick pins in some huge road map of Kansas.
Grain elevators are a kind of warehouse used to store wheat and other grains.
Grain elevators are beautiful at sunset.
Grain elevators are buildings.
Grain elevators are like the cathedrals of the midwest.
Grain elevators can only buy corn with certain levels of aflatoxin.
Grain elevators loom in the distance, and roads are flat and straight.
Grain elevators loom in the distance.
Grain elevators loom like mirages of high-rise office buildings in the distance.
Grain elevators topple .
Most grain elevators have thin wire cables to check the temperature of the grain inside.
Grain flow forged, mild carbon steel provides better feel.
Grain flow is measured by a sensor usually located at the top of the clean grain elevator.
Grain food contains nutrients.
Grain growth attracts attention.
Grain growth attracts much attention.
Grain growth is driven by the reduction in positive interfacial energy.
Most grain growth attracts attention.
Most grain growth attracts much attention.
Some grain growth occurs in snow.
Grain legumes are cultivated for their seeds , and are also called pulses .
Grain legumes are cultivated for their seeds.
Grain legumes include beans.
Some grain legumes fix nitrogen.
Grain of rice is cereal grain.
Grain of rice is rice.
Every grain of rice absorbs water and become plump.
Every grain of rice absorbs water and becomes plump.
Every grain of rice represents a hardship of labor.
Grains of salt explain cystic fibrosis.
Some grains of salt are large, some small, and they come in all different shapes.
Grain of sand is located in bathing suits.
Grain of sand is located in beachs.
Grain of sand is located in clams.
Grain of sand is located in eyes.
Grain of sand is part of beachs.
Grain of sand is part of universes.
Grains of sand are largest and most irregularly shaped, while particles of clay are the smallest.
Grains of sand are very small.
Grains of sand exist individually, but they are only individuated numerically.
Grains of sand look like pieces of gravel when viewed through a microscope.
Every grain of sand is a planet in the other world.
Every grain of sand is a universe, every universe, a grain of sand.
Every grain of sand is available to each hand equally.
Grain products are also important sources.
Grain products are an important part of a balanced diet.
Grain products are good sources of selenium.
Grain products are low in fat, unless fat is added in processing, in preparation, or at the table.
Grain products contain carbohydrates, vitamins iron, and fiber.
Grain products contain carbohydrates, vitamins, iron, and fiber.
Grain products contain matter.
Grain products form the basis for all healthy diet recommendations.
Grain products provide complex carbohydrates, dietary fiber, vitamins and minerals.
Grain products provide energy, vitamins and minerals.
Grain products top the list, followed by vegetables and fruits.
Most grain products are also low in fat except for many baked goods and pastries.
Most grain products are available without packaging, including pasta and rice.
Most grain products contain matter.
Some grain products are susceptible to the growth of mold.
Some grain products have fiber.
Grain production requires knowledge.
Grain quality is Canada's marketing edge.
Grain quality is excellent arid free aflatoxin due to very good husk covering.
Grain quality is predicted to be excellent, with few diseases reported.
Grain refinement improves both fluidity and hot tearing resistance.
Grain size affects permeability in a mannor similar to the way that it effects specific yield.
Grain size can also be an important aspect of the microstructure.
Grain size can be small if sown in areas where late droughts are experienced.
Grain size can vary from manufacturer to manufacturer.
Grain size determines the slope of the beach.
Grain size has an influence on chemical concentrations found in sediments.
Grain size hints at where sedimentary material came from and how it was deposited.
Grain size is a clue to the energy of the transporting agent, ranging from coarse to fine.
Grain size is a complicated issue.
Grain size is also important in how well the grain physically processes in the malt house.
Grain size is determined by software.
Grain size is determined by the amount of starch deposited in the grain.
Grain size is important in determining the size and types of meiofaunal organisms present.
Grain size is larger sands.
Grain size is limited to fine sand and coarse silt.
Grain size is smaller to accomodate local management needs.
Grain size is that of clumps of fibres.
Grain size is variable.
Grain size refers to the diameter of sediment particles, typically measured in millimeters.
Grain size refers to the size of the individual mineral crystals.
Grain size suggests the level of kinetic energy in the mediums that transport and deposit the sand.
Grain size varies from coarse to fine, always with very sharp grain boundaries.
Grain size varies.
Grain sizes are different for sporting and blasting powders.
Grain structure is uniform and surface finish is fine.
Grain structure plays a vital role in the properties of engineering materials.
Grain structures are visible.
Grain trade is predicated on accurate and repeatable analyses of quality and other relevant factors.
Grain trucks receive the wheat and haul it to local elevators or farm storage bins.
Grain weevils are important pests of farm-stored grain.
Grain weevils can bore through plastic and cardboard so inspect everything thoroughly.
Grain whisky is made from a mixture of any malted and unmalted cereals.
Grain absorbs light.
Grain absorbs ultraviolet light.
Grain affects the appearance of sharpness of the resulting print.
Grain also loses moisture as it cools.
Grain also needs to be protected from precipitation.
Grain are carbohydrates.
Grain can be irregular.
Grain can be, in effect, re-owned by buying futures or purchasing call options.
Grain can lose a lot of weight through a heavy infestation.
Grain can tend to tear when planing.
Grain can then be batch cooled.
Grain causes the same problem in animals as they do in humans.
Grain comes from flower plants.
Grain comes from plants.
Grain comes from seeds.
Grain comes from sources.
Grain comes in contact.
Grain containing aflatoxin is toxic to animals.
Grain contains kernels.
Grain contains nutrients.
Grain damaged by Indian meal moth is often moist to the touch and gives off a very pungent odor.
Grain describes the alignment of the xylem cells-straight, tipped, spiral, curled, etc.
Grain drying and handling can be dangerous.
Grain drying represents a major portion of the energy requirement for corn production.
Grain eating birds and insect attacks are also worrisome in several countries.
Grain feeds cattle.
Grain finds in dry food.
Grain finds in food.
Grain flaking is a common form of feed processing.
Grain flowing from the bottom by an unloading auger or by gravity is much like quicksand.
Grain goes there from the country elevators and is stored until needed by industry.
Grain greet off the bike trail maps.
Grain grows best in shit.
Grain grows best on loose, well-tilled soil.
Grain grows in countries.
Grain hangs up on braces, augers, etc.
Grain has (part) kernels.
Grain has (part) sections.
Grain has a limited storage life.
Grain has a ten-month reading period.
Grain has benefits.
Grain has circular pores.
Grain has components.
Grain has density.
Grain has energy density.
Grain has excellent test weight.
Grain has functions.
Grain has hulls.
Grain has lower density.
Grain has lower energy density.
Grain has numerous benefits.
Grain has one regret.
Grain has origins.
Grain has pores.
Grain has proteins.
Grain has small circular pores.
Grain has small pores.
Grain has surfaces.
Grain has values.
Grain has weight.
Grain helps carbohydrates.
Grain increases the amount of the hormone testosterone available in the blood.
Grain infected with scab can carry certain mycotoxins.
Grain infected with scab is usually light and chaffy.
Grain is a bit higher, but the camera shake is eliminated.
Grain is a consideration.
Grain is a good example.
Grain is a grass-like plant that is also used in cereal that most people eat every day.
Grain is a living organism and releases moisture as it respires.
Grain is a particle
Grain is all over the board, from tight to open.
Grain is almost non-existent throughout and the master print was respectably free of dirt or lint.
Grain is also a concern.
Grain is also a useful proxy for other foods.
Grain is also naturally variable, one of the beauties of wood.
Grain is assembled with standard acrylic tubing and bars.
Grain is at a minimum and the transfer elements are in perfect condition.
Grain is atoms.
Grain is cereals.
Grain is collected from each family and stored there.
Grain is completely absent.
Grain is composed mostly of starches and sugars.
Grain is crucially important for Canada's international commitments.
Grain is curly or wavy.
Grain is curved to board.
Grain is defined as and includes corn, wheat, rye, oats, barley, milo, soybeans and sunflower. .
Grain is delivered with perfect precision.
Grain is dried in a high speed dryer to safe storage moisture content.
Grain is dried slowly and stored in storage bins until it is milled.
Grain is exposed to steam for one to eight minutes prior to rolling.
Grain is fed into the center of the upper stone.
Grain is fine and even and texture is usually fine and takes a high polish.
Grain is foodstuff.
Grain is formed by the direction in which the grass is growing, the way the blade tips point.
Grain is gathered and threshed on specially-built threshing floors.
Grain is generally straight, with what has been described as an interesting pattern.
Grain is graded using the U.S. Grain Standards Act.
Grain is grown beneath the palms.
Grain is harvested by horse drawn wagon.
Grain is harvested from the fields and shipped to the granary for temporary storage.
Grain is heavy.
Grain is in check most of the time and minimal lighting casts just the right number of shadows.
Grain is in surplus.
Grain is interlocked and irregular with a medium to fine texture.
Grain is interlocked or wavy and produces alternating hard and soft grained material.
Grain is interlocked with a stripe or roey figure.
Grain is irregular, straight to roey or interlocked.
Grain is just one of the materials that pose a serious engulfment hazard.
Grain is leathers.
Grain is lines or patterns in wood usually caused by seasonal variations in growth.
Grain is loaded on a ship for export to other countries.
Grain is man made - grass seeds, enhanced in size through selective breeding.
Grain is measured by the cup and roughage by a particle flake of hay.
Grain is mixed and ground with the help of machines inside the steel building.
Grain is more open than birch and gets fuzzy with time, so wood-like effects are possible.
Grain is negligible, but what's there contributes to the mood.
Grain is noticeable on many shots, as are jaggies and image shifting.
Grain is nowhere to be found as the print is practically flawless.
Grain is occasionally a problem.
Grain is of more value than blood.
Grain is offered to the brahmins.
Grain is on of the most common items that they eat.
Grain is part of drams.
Grain is part of scruples.
Grain is passed through a roaster of the type used for soybeans.
Grain is passed through rollers which are usually grooved on the surface.
Grain is planted in soil.
Grain is planted on terraced fields and bulls are used for plowing.
Grain is poured from a hopper into the gap between the stones and is ground into flour.
Grain is preferable.
Grain is produced by plants.
Grain is produced in structures called heads or spikes.
Grain is produced when it reaches maturity.
Grain is purchased off farm.
Grain is put under loan at a certain price in each county.
Grain is raised in considerable quantities, and the county is generally well adapted to grazing.
Grain is raised in considerable quantities.
Grain is sampled often and according to well defined rules.
Grain is Saskatchewan's literary magazine.
Grain is scattered in an area until the birds are used to feeding there.
Grain is seeds.
Grain is segregated by variety or by categories of varieties and is sold on that basis.
Grain is simply the direction grass grows.
Grain is simply the harvested seed of a plant.
Grain is smallness.
Grain is so scarce it is used as money, and cannibalism is rampant.
Grain is sown in the fields.
Grain is spiritual food.
Grain is stored by villagers in granaries raised on stilts.
Grain is stored in barns but also in separate granaries.
Grain is stored in large clay vessels to protect it from mice and the moisture of the rainy season.
Grain is stored on platforms in heaps, in woven baskets or in bags.
Grain is stored whole in gas-tight silos.
Grain is straight and tight.
Grain is straight but occasionally curly or wavy.
Grain is straight to interlocked, with medium to coarse texture.
Grain is straight to interlocked.
Grain is straight to slightly roey or wavy.
Grain is supplied as part of the price.
Grain is taken from starving citizens as a form of tax to help feed soldiers in the south.
Grain is texture.
Grain is the currency by which water is traded in large quantities around the world.
Grain is the developed silver salt.
Grain is the major industry in the area.
Grain is the most common of commodaties being transported by the port.
Grain is the region's primary agricultural product.
Grain is the seed from grasses.
Grain is the seed of plants like oats, wheat, and rice.
Grain is the seed part of cereal crops such as corn, barley, wheat, and oats.
Grain is the seed portion of the plants.
Grain is typically straight.
Grain is units of measure.
Grain is used as a supplement when required, especially for pregnant and lactating females.
Grain is used for human and animal consumption.
Grain is used to produce the highest grade vodka.
Grain is usually straight and fine textured.
Grain is usually straight, sometimes wavy.
Grain is usually subtle.
Grain is vertical to board.
Grain is very good and color saturation is terrific.
Grain is very shriveled.
Grain is wavy and striped.
Grain is weighed as it is received at a primary elevator.
Grain isa particle.
Grain isa seed.
Grain laced with strychnine alkaloid is the most common method of poisoning gophers.
Grain lifted by the screw is collected in a bag at the outlet spout.
Grain makes fill meals.
Grain makes meals.
Grain makes no difference here at all.
Grain melt beyond the croquet price.
Grain mites as their name implies are particularly troublesome because they attack stored grain.
Grain mixed in with crushed corncobs can attract rodents.
Grain needs to be fresh and dried.
Grain passing over the moisture sensing plate can leave deposits that can affect moisture readings.
Grain pertains to the wood-cell fibers' orientation.
Grain piles up alongside country elevators in some parts of the nation.
Grain produced by diseased plants is typically brown and shriveled.
Grain produces foods such as flat breads and couscous made of grains of wheat.
Grain provides b vitamins.
Grain provides calories and protein.
Grain provides excellent products.
Grain provides fiber.
Grain provides important nutrients.
Grain provides nutrients.
Grain provides other nutrients.
Grain provides products.
Grain provides readers with a window into the writer's study.
Grain provides vitamins.
Grain publishes the freshest poetry and prose from around the world.
Grain purchased by Japan requires zero pesticide residues.
Grain ranges from quite prominent to reasonably straight.
Grain refers to agriculture.
Grain refers to the agriculture.
Grain refers to the alignment of the xylem cells.
Grain refers to the orientation of the fibers in the paper.
Grain resembles that of sawn lumber.
Grain running in the opposite direction of the tab length can wrinkle when the tabs are processed.
Grain runs from back left to front right.
Grain runs from back to front of the green.
Grain runs from front right to back left.
Grain runs from right to left towards the parking lot.
Grain runs length of sheet.
Grain runs the length of the fabric on both woven and knit fabrics.
Grain runs with the short side.
Grain selling prices place market limits on railway pricing.
Grain shows clear differences.
Grain shows differences.
Grain sold to specific industries is subject to specific quality requirements and discounts.
Grain spills easily through the cracks and holes and then grows along the roadside.
Grain stored on farms for seed or livestock feed is an important investment.
Grain stored on the ground is more susceptible to spoilage and creates dust problems.
Grain tastes warm and nutty when it's cracked between teeth.
Grain tend to be prone to wear.
Grain typically has good insulation properties.
Grain varies from fine to medium.
Grains act mostly as filler to increase dietary fiber, but many pet foods contain too many grains.
Grains also contain a sugar-like chemical known as phytic acid.
Grains also contain phenolic acids and phytate, which are known antioxidants.
Grains also contain phenolic acids.
Grains also provide vitamins, minerals and fiber.
Grains apparently grow by coagulation while in clouds.
Grains appear to be one to two arc-seconds in diameter.
Grains are a great source of protein.
Grains are a major source of fiber in our diet.
Grains are a small measure of weight.
Grains are a staple of the Haitian diet, and rice is eaten at almost every meal.
Grains are adapted to a fairly waterless environment, and adding water usually does no good.
Grains are adequate, or nearly so, in phosphorus but deficient in calcium for cattle.
Grains are all approximately equal in size.
Grains are also a good source of energy.
Grains are also a source of vinegar, rice and malt vinegars being the most popular.
Grains are also high in energy, so they can meet the energy needs of any class of horse.
Grains are also naturally low in fat.
Grains are also prominent in Jewish cuisine, and are found in many classic dishes.
Grains are also the main food source for domesticated animals, such as cows and chickens.
Grains are among the foods that can.
Grains are an essential source for fiber.
Grains are an important ingredient in wraps, contributing bulk and nutrition.
Grains are an important part of our diet.
Grains are at depressed levels.
Grains are at the base.
Grains are available.
Grains are better only coarsely ground.
Grains are big business.
Grains are deficient in calcium but nearly adequate in phosphorus.
Grains are divided into either whole grains or refined grains.
Grains are efficient at transforming sunlight, fertilizer, water, and air into macronutrients.
Grains are energy dense and help provide a balanced diet.
Grains are essential to a healthy lifestyle and form the foundation of the food pyramid.
Grains are even poorer sources of folate than hays.
Grains are generally ellipsoidal in shape with a pore at one end.
Grains are generally ellipsoidal inshape with a ore at one end.
Grains are generally high in phosphorus, and hays are high in calcium.
Grains are generally higher in phosphorus while hays are higher in calcium.
Grains are high in carbohydrates and fiber, and very low in fat.
Grains are high in carbohydrates and phosphorus.
Grains are high in easily digestible carbohydrates, while hay and pasture are high in fibre.
Grains are high in energy but low in fiber.
Grains are high in feed nutrients, low in fiber, and a good source of phos- phorus.
Grains are high in glutamic acid.
Grains are high in phosphorus, low in calcium.
Grains are higher in copper content than stems or leaves of most plants.
Grains are higher in phosphorus than calcium, while hays are the other way around.
Grains are homogeneous regions within a material in which the atoms are well aligned.
Grains are large, translucent kernels.
Grains are less affected than tobacco, spinach, tomatoes, and beans.
Grains are long to short, slender, somewhat flat, and awnless.
Grains are long, broad, and thick, awned or awnless.
Grains are low in minerals, so it is necessary to provide supplements.
Grains are lower in copper than are forages.
Grains are lower in copper than forages.
Grains are lower in selenium than are forages.
Grains are mucous forming and provide an ideal environment for parasites to thrive in.
Grains are naturally very high in all B vitamins.
Grains are never large enough to see interference figure.
Grains are now a staple part of the Western diet and a major agricultural industry.
Grains are now fortified with folate.
Grains are often elongate, with crenulate or granulate boundaries and sub-parallel extinction.
Grains are one of the biggest sources of allergies in dogs.
Grains are packed with carbohydrates, which provide fuel for bursts of intense activity.
Grains are powerhouses of energy.
Grains are predominantly highly altered volcanic lithic fragments.
Grains are rather neutral, so they act as a good base from which to start.
Grains are relatively constant in feed value.
Grains are seeds of grasses.
Grains are seeds that reproduce if planted.
Grains are soft and stick together when cooked.
Grains are somewhere in the middle in terms of digestibility.
Grains are sown and harvested.
Grains are subject to gravity and, eventually, to shaking.
Grains are the best source of natural selenium.
Grains are the crystalline regions of a solid.
Grains are the leading agricultural products followed by raw cotton.
Grains are the least expensive part of pet food and can fill the animal quickly.
Grains are the photo-reactive crystals in the film itself.
Grains are the primary staples of the diet and are thus the most important field crops.
Grains are the seed heads of grass plants.
Grains are the seed-bearing fruits of grasses.
Grains are the seeds or fruits of cereal grasses.
Grains are the seeds or fruits of various food plants including cereal grasses.
Grains are too small to identify except as indicated by dark or light color.
Grains are typically angular but can include some rounded clasts picked up from the channel bottom.
Grains are used worldwide for measuring gunpowder and smokeless powder charges.
Grains are very low-nutrient foods.
Grains are very popular with many bird species.
Grains are wholesome nutritious foods said to prevent chronic disease.
Grains attract crows and grackles.
Grains become faceted and bond poorly.
Grains become sweeter on the fourth and fifth day.
Grains begin digesting in the mouth with saliva while chewing.
Grains being heavier fall down and form a heap.
Grains being used in the study are corn, wheat, and soybeans.
Grains break down into sugar and can feed candida, yeast and bad bacteria.
Grains can be a significant source of copper.
Grains can be creep fed alone.
Grains can drift at non-equilibrium drift velocities.
Grains can fit into every meal, even snacks.
Grains clearly dominate agricultural land uses.
Grains compromise the base while fruits and vegetables compromise the next tier.
Grains consists of fossilized remains of diatoms, a type of algae with hard shells made of silica .
Grains contain carbohydrates that people can eat .
Grains contain carbohydrates that people can eat.
Grains contain important complex carboydrates.
Grains contain less potassium compared to the vegetative parts of plants.
Grains contain more tocotrienols than other food products.
Grains cost a lot less than meat.
Grains differing in size and other characteristics affect processing potential.
Grains drain The grain markets have hit hard times with the abundance of inventories.
Grains dry down rapidly during ripening.
Grains dull A dull condition prevailed on the grains market due to sluggish business passing.
Grains eaten with legumes result in a complete protein.
Grains ellipsoid, hairy at the tip.
Grains ellipsoid, smooth.
Grains exhibit strong forward throwing scattering in the optical.
Grains feed our livestock.
Grains feel friction and send forces sideways to share the weight between bottom and walls.
Grains give carbohydrates and some vitamins and minerals .
Grains give carbohydrates and some vitamins and minerals.
Grains grow outward from the surface and thus converge on each other in embayments between ridges.
Grains harboring flour beetles are inedible and can contain carcasses, molted skin or feces.
Grains have high relief, high refrative index, rough fracture and no cleavage.
Grains have many nutrients that are sensitive to heat and oxidation.
Grains have very little potassium except in the bran.
Grains including sorghum, millet, teff, and wheat grow well in the temperate climate.
Grains is straight, sometimes wavy.
Grains make up a major portion of a pig's diet.
Grains make up almost all of the chicken feed.
Grains make up the bulk of a pigeon's diet.
Grains make up the majority of dog food company food sources.
Grains oblongoid to lanceoloid, smooth.
Grains play an important part in our lives.
Grains play an important role in the diet of every country.
Grains produce a high proportion of propionate which yields glucose for higher milk production.
Grains provide complex carbohydrates and fiber, which helps to regulate bowel habits.
Grains provide complex carbohydrates, also called starches, which supply energy.
Grains provide energy, fiber and are good sources of B vitamins and iron.
Grains provide fiber, carbohydrates, thiamin and iron.
Grains provide necessary nutrients and fiber for digestive health.
Grains reinforce advantageously gres porcellanato.
Grains result in removal of only a portion of the plant.
Grains slide or roll over the substrate.
Grains start hitting each other and sticking together, so they rapidly grow in size.
Grains take up another basic part of the packaged dog foods on the market today.
Grains tend to be acid forming foods.
Grains travel from the west via Buffalo and the canal to New York.
Grains Try to find whole, unprocessed grains for hearty, nutrient-packed soups.
Grains vary in the amount of starch, e.g. corn has more starch per pound than oats.
Grains vary in their rate of breakdown in the rumen.
Grain usually contains a readily available starch.
All grain is harvested in Thunder Bay and most grain harvest is complete for Dryden and Rainy River.
All grains are low in fat and contain no cholesterol.
All grains are roller-milled and mixed.
All grains are whole before they are milled or refined.
All grains break down fairly quickly into sugars.
All grains have approximately the same shape.
All grains have nutritional deficiencies.
All grains produce tillers, although the tillers on corn are called suckers.
Any grain remaining attached to the straw is shaken off and falls onto the top sieve.
Every grain is a landscape, a world.
Many grains are a cheap source of protein and tend to be hard for ornamental fish to digest.
Many grains are quite beautiful, with intricate textures and shapes.
Many grains benefit from fluffing.
Many grains go untried despite the variety of grain choices.
Many grains go untried in spite of the variety of grain choices.
Many grains make one pinch.
More grain is fed to compensate, and sub clinical acidosis results, eroding production even further.
More grain is lost because of poor grain temperature management than for any other reason.
Most grain absorbs light.
Most grain comes from flower plants.
Most grain comes from plants.
Most grain comes from seeds.
Most grain comes from sources.
Most grain comes in contact.
Most grain contains kernels.
Most grain contains nutrients.
Most grain feeds cattle.
Most grain finds in dry food.
Most grain finds in food.
Most grain grows in countries.
Most grain has benefits.
Most grain has circular pores.
Most grain has components.
Most grain has density.
Most grain has energy density.
Most grain has functions.
Most grain has hulls.
Most grain has lower density.
Most grain has lower energy density.
Most grain has numerous benefits.
Most grain has origins.
Most grain has pores.
Most grain has proteins.
Most grain has small circular pores.
Most grain has small pores.
Most grain has surfaces.
Most grain has values.
Most grain has weight.
Most grain helps carbohydrates.
Most grain is produced by plants.
Most grain makes fill meals.
Most grain makes meals.
Most grain provides b vitamins.
Most grain provides excellent products.
Most grain provides fiber.
Most grain provides important nutrients.
Most grain provides nutrients.
Most grain provides other nutrients.
Most grain provides products.
Most grain provides vitamins.
Most grain shows clear differences.
Most grain shows differences.
Most grains are acid-forming, except millet and buckwheat, which are slightly alkaline.
Most grains are isotropic with parting surfaces.
Most grains are members of the grass family that are grown for their large edible seeds.
Most grains are poor sources of trace minerals.
Most grains are slightly chewy when cooked.
Most grains contain addictive opioids.
Most grains contain albite twins.
Most grains found in pet food tend to be simple carbohydrates.
Most grains have subgrains or undulose extinction.
Most grains possess a small dislocation density.
Most grains show multiple grain-scale faulting, most commonly on one or both cleavage planes.
Some grain adds sugar.
Some grain attracts doves.
Some grain attracts rodents.
Some grain becomes gametophytes.
Some grain becomes male gametophytes.
Some grain causes autoimmune reaction.
Some grain causes reaction.
Some grain comes from grain products.
Some grain comes from products.
Some grain comes from whole grain products.
Some grain contains female gametophytes.
Some grain contains gametophytes.
Some grain contains grain.
Some grain contains immature male gametophytes.
Some grain contains male gametophytes.
Some grain contains phosphorus.
Some grain contains starches.
Some grain contributes to health problems.
Some grain contributes to problems.
Some grain contributes to significant health problems.
Some grain contributes to significant problems.
Some grain enters cones.
Some grain enters female cones.
Some grain enters young female cones.
Some grain finds in sandstones.
Some grain has different shapes.
Some grain has instances.
Some grain has power.
Some grain has projections.
Some grain has properties.
Some grain has protective walls.
Some grain has shapes.
Some grain has spikes.
Some grain has walls.
Some grain has wings.
Some grain helps essential nutrients.
Some grain helps nutrients.
Some grain is produced by flowers.
Some grain mixes with water.
Some grain prevents compaction.
Some grain produces leaves.
Some grain provides minerals.
Some grain requires destruction.
Some grain sits in buckets.
Some grain supports reproduction.
Some grains are deficient in the essential amino acid lysine .
Some grains are hard and some are soft, because of the different elements mixed in the alloy.
Some grains are quite sizeable.
Some grains are round in shape while others are flat.
Some grains float to the blossoming flower.
Some grains look like bits of oatmeal, others like miniature deer antlers.
Some grains used in mixes like oats, wheat, flax, buckwheat, and corn are less popular.
A grainfield is a field
Grainfields are also good places to start.
Grains structure is very colorful variations of blues and reds.
Grainy footage shows a nervous-looking young woman stepping to the lectern in a small auditorium.
Grainy photos are a result of the texture of the print itself.
Gram negatives are also very common causes of abscesses.
Gram negatives are more common in infants.
Gram positives are dark blue, and negatives are red.
Gram positives are the good guys and gram negatives the bad guys when our birds are concerned.
All gram weights approximate.
All gram weights are approximate.
A gram is a mass unit
A gram is a metric
Gram isa unit.
Grams also cites foreign policy as playing a big role in the campaign.
Grams also wants to reopen three truck portages without any expansion of the wilderness.
Grams are a unit of mass, or amount of matter.
Grams are more convenient for measuring small objects such as a slice of bread or an apple.
Grams are part of decagrams.
Grams means grams per liter of medium.
Most grams are part of decagrams.
A gramicidin is an antibiotic drug
A gramicidin is an antiseptic
Gramicidin acts as a channel.
Gramicidin switches transport in insect epithelia from potassium to sodium.
Gramineous weeds can carry the pathogen.
Graminoid dominance can be variable even within stands.
A gramma is grass
Gramma is at the back door.
Gramma loves older women - free older women pics and free older women stories Older women naked.
Gramma opens the door.
Gramma provides the sounds of waves, birds and animals.
Grammas are fish.
Most grammar checkers can detect that error.
Grammar errors display with a green wavy line under the error.
Any grammar mistakes are unfortunate and unwanted by the staff.
A grammar is science
Grammar tests Testing grammar is probably even more popular than testing vocabulary.
Grammars are better that rule-based systems for some things.
Grammars are easier to consult than manuals.
Grammars are structures.
Grammars Can Be Sophisticated.
Grammars can range from a simple list of possible words to a complex set of possible phrases.
Grammars define the range of input values the user can provide.
Grammars designed under such theories are, therefore, suitable for both parsing and generation.
Grammars Find the rules of a language or learn a new language.
Grammars get more money.
Grammars get results.
Grammars vary from language to language.
Grammars usually classify verbs as regular and irregular.
All grammars leak.
Some grammar can help people understand why they are saying what they are saying.
Some grammar is included.
Some grammars are ambiguous in that there is more than one parse tree for the same statement.
Some grammars come with variants of the head-driven generator.
Some grammars make no distinction in meaning between the two forms.
A grammarian is a linguist
Grammarians are linguists.
Grammarians are workers.
Grammarians call pronouns that substitute for beings and objects, personal pronouns.
Grammarians call such words epithets .
Grammarians generally recommend that the irregular verbs be memorized for ease of use.
Grammarians make a distinction between telling an untruth and lying.
Many grammarians insist on a distinction without any historical justification.
Some grammarians add articles, quantifiers, and numerals.
Some grammarians avoid the fuzziness by calling it a quatifier .
Some grammarians claim that such exceptions are largely colloquial.
Some grammarians decry functional shifts as improper English, but it is a natural process.
Some grammarians lobby for toward as the American favorite.
Some grammarians remonstrate.
Grammatical accuracy is emphasised in both oral and written presentations.
More Grammatical Analogies Complete each analogy by writing the best word in the blank.
Grammatical competence can also alleviate another inherent problem of statistical models.
Grammatical competence refers to the ability to produce grammatical sentences.
Grammatical competency is reinforced according to students individual needs.
Grammatical construction is language
Grammatical construction is string
Many grammatical constructions are important for writing good English.
Grammatical correctness is, of course, mandatory.
Grammatical emphasis is on article usage, appropriate tense choice, coherence and nominalization.
Grammatical errors abound.
Grammatical errors are clearly evident.
Grammatical errors are minimal.
Grammatical errors are untouchable, since few people know proper English grammar in the first place.
Grammatical errors can change the meaning of the sentence.
Grammatical errors cost five points each.
Any grammatical errors are for the sake of artistic and personal expression.
Any grammatical errors are just part of e-mail genre.
Grammatical exegesis precedes the historical and the spiritual.
Grammatical explanation is avoided.
Grammatical explanations continue to be kept to a minimum.
Grammatical form is also an important function of translation.
A grammatical gender is a category
Grammatical gender is freely variable.
Grammatical gender is on the tip of Italian tongues .
Grammatical gender is on the tip of Italian tongues.
Grammatical inference is the application of inductive inference to grammars.
Grammatical information is conveyed by attaching prefixes and suffixes to roots and stems.
Grammatical instruction concentrates on conversational contexts.
Grammatical instruction is more contextualized than in the previous courses.
Grammatical knowledge is stated once only, inside the generator.
Grammatical precision is secondary to communication.
Grammatical proficiency is presumed.
Grammatical relationships are shown mostly by position, e.g. The house sell already.
Grammatical samples drive language acquisition.
Grammatical sense is continuous, implying neither beginning nor end.
Grammatical structure is emphasized.
Grammatical structure is reviewed, expanded, and incorporated in a communicative approach.
Grammatical structure is reviewed.
Grammatical structures continue to be learned and utilized.
Grammatical translations require only minimal discursive abilities and have no artistic value.
Grammatical trends are apparent.
Most grammer handbooks note that the comma before the conjunction is optional.
Grammy time rolls around.
Grammy voters do.
Grammy voters have a history of belatedly honoring industry veterans.
Gramnegative bacteria are often more toxic than gram-positive bacteria.
Gramophone records are dead, but the business of recorded music is essentially unchanged.
Gramophone records are wonderful collectibles.
Gramophone isa phonograph.
Gramophones have (part) bases.
Gramophones have (part) pickup arms.
Gramophones have (part) sections.
Gramophones have (part) tone arms.
Grampositive bacteria are usually less toxic than gram-negative bacteria.
A gran is a grandparent
Gran isa grandparent.
Gran lives on a remote island in a small run-down cottage that has few of the modern amenities.
Grans have (part) arms.
Grans have (part) body substances.
Grans have (part) cell membranes.
Grans have (part) cells.
Grans have (part) corpi.
Grans have (part) cytoplasm.
Grans have (part) heads.
Grans have (part) human bodies.
Grans have (part) legs.
Grans have (part) material bodies.
Grans have (part) necks.
Grans have (part) nuclei.
Grans have (part) personality.
Grans have (part) plasma membranes.
Grans have (part) sections.
Grans have (part) vacuoles.
A granary is a repository
Granaries usually have few , if any , windows .
Granaries usually have few, if any, windows.
Grand adventure boasts terrific action sequences, good humor and picture-perfect cast.
Grand allusions abound, with little or no explanation.
Grand avenues give onto plazas, parks and monuments.
Grand Bay supports productive oyster reefs and seagrass habitats.
Grand Bay supports the nation's largest and least disturbed wet pine savanna ecosystem.
Grand Beach is our home base for sailing, located one hour north of Winnipeg .
Grand Beach reflects a mix of both summer and year-round residents.
Grand Beach remains that resort community today.
Some grand ceremony takes places.
Grand champions attain celebrity status and garner much adulation from dedicated fans.
Grand children can take advantage of the community's kiddie pool.
Grand churches are well represented in Birmingham and environs.
Grand corruption poses somewhat different problems.
Grand corruption takes place at the level of policy.
Grand County becomes a summertime alpine heaven with lush green fields and rich colored forests.
Grand County has a multitude of zoning districts.
Grand County is a bit of an anomaly.
Grand County is encompassed by the Continental Divide and syncopated mountain peaks.
Grand County is rare blend of the past and the future.
Grand County offers some of the best trails in the state.
Grand County prescribes national policy.
Grand curtain is preferred over a guillotine curtain.
Grand designs are no substitute for politically responsible action and for effecting real changes.
Grand designs can go on forever and ever, so do the costs.
Grand elves takes two shots per attack.
Grand entry is usually at mid-day.
Grand entry opens onto generous principle rooms.
Grand escarpment overlooks magnificent campsite on river.
Grand finale features all singers together on stage.
All grand finalists receive a medal in recognition of their outstanding achievement.
A grand fir is a true fir
Grand fir is moderately resistant to frequent surface fire.
Grand firs are also susceptible to the destructive ramifications of the budworm.
Grand firs have distribution.
Most grand firs have distribution.
Grand fireplaces dominate both ends of the house.
Grand fleet keeps moving up.
Grand fortresses guard quiet cobblestone streets, and fertile vines meander alongside country roads.
Grand foyer opens to vaulted formal living room and open formal dining.
Grand gestures are meaningless.
Grand Gulf consists of a larger main canyon and a smaller side canyon.
Grand Gulf is the remains of a massive collapsed cave system.
Grand Haven delights in small-town appeal and an abundance of attractions.
Grand Haven is like a good movie with great scenes.
Grand Haven is on the shore of Lake Michigan at the mouth of the Grand River.
Grand Haven is one of the top charter fishing destinations in Michigan.
Grand Island can be kind of boring.
Grand Island continues to be plagued by turnovers.
Grand Island has a good, high-quality police force.
Grand Island has a great consumer demand.
Grand Island has a restaurant for every appetite and every budget.
Grand Island has a rich history.
Grand Island has an amusement park, hotels, restaurants and a campground.
Grand Island is a divided city.
Grand Island is a German town with a beer-drinking heritage.
Grand Island is a great community.
Grand Island is a green city.
Grand Island is a landmass that lies in the Niagara River.
Grand Island is a little shorthanded on the boys side.
Grand Island is a special place which offers an outstanding quality of life.
Grand Island is a wonderful place to raise children.
Grand Island is among several Nebraska communities to launch such projects.
Grand Island is an excellent community to live in and provides a high quality of life for all ages.
Grand Island is at the crossroads.
Grand Island is closed to rock climbing and rappelling as the cliffs are sandstone.
Grand Island is no exception to that trend.
Grand Island is one of the victims.
Grand Island is out from it.
Grand Island is the heart of the claim.
Grand Island is the third largest town and the third largest retail center in Nebraska.
Grand Island needs to quit looking at what's wrong with teens and look at how to fix it.
Grand Island requires businesses to landscape properties.
Grand Island uses support staff to keep an eye on students in the halls.
Grand Island wonders why teens are sometimes out of control and take the wrong path.
Grand jurors can question witnesses and often do.
Grand jurors serve an average of four days a week for a four week term of service.
Grand jurors serve as needed during one of the court sessions held each year.
Grand jurors serve for a six-month term.
Grand jurors serve one day a week for a period of four months.
A grand jury is a jury
Grand juries are juries.
Grand juries are quite different from regular juries.
Grand juries are secret, and D has no right to notice or to call witnesses.
Grand juries belong to the prosecutor.
Grand juries can use the court's power to subpoena evidence.
Grand juries exist in the federal system and in almost all states.
Grand juries have enormous powers.
Grand juries investigate everything, everywhere.
Grand juries listen to only one side of an argument - the prosecutor's side.
Grand juries meet in secret proceedings.
Grand juries operate in secret, and are selected at random from the population.
Grand juries operate in secret, and much of a special prosecutor's activities take place under seal.
Grand jury convenes.
Grand jury indicts railroad officials, railroads and others in coal land investigation.
Grand kitchen features full corian and tile.
Grand Lake ca.
Grand Lake is a long narrow lake, crossed at the halfway point by a railway bridge.
Grand Lake is corridor golf, played through the trees.
Grand Lake is located about two hours' drive from Denver.
Grand Lake is located only a few miles from Pearl.
Grand Lake is more of a mountain type course.
Grand Lake is only one of three lakes in the area.
Grand Lake is the largest natural lake in the state, and Shadow Mountain Reservoir connects the two.
Grand Lake is.
Grand loser pays for steak dinner, for grand winner.
Grand minima seem also to occur in other cool stars with solar-like magnetic activity.
Grand mothers are good targets.
Grand mountain views all around.
Grand narratives dominate local knowledge.
Grand newels come assembled or in components.
Grand objectives are difficult with paltry funding, and land purchases are expensive.
Grand openings are about two years away.
Grand openings provide good visibility.
More grand parents live apart from their grand children.
A grand piano is a piano
Grand piano is at center.
Grand pianos are available for use by piano majors.
Grand pianos are available to intermediate and advanced piano students.
Grand pianos are pianos.
Grand pianos are said to produce finer tones and has the most responsive key action.
Grand pianos come in many different makes, types and sizes.
Some grand plans founder.
Grand Prairie is also a friendship group dealing with conservation in Illinois.
Grand Prairie is an historical town in Oregon too.
Grand Prairie is known for leading edge thinking, entrepreneurial spirit and innovative strategies.
Grand Prairie is the home of several favorite area attractions.
Grand Prairie is the oldest.
Grand prize draw for two tickets to Las Vegas.
Grand prize is a free trip to Las Vegas, Nevada for one.
Grand prize is a neighbor island trip for two.
Grand prize is a trip for two to Las Vegas.
Grand prize is a weekend in Hollywood.
Grand prize is an entire library of e-books.
Grand prize is an entire library of ebooks.
Grand prize is credit at the bar, so there's no fooling around here.
Grand prize is DVD player.
Grand prize is time in a recording studio.
Grand prize is two airline tickets to anywhere in the continental United States.
Grand prizes are open to all participants, irrespective of age.
Every grand religion begins in light.
Grand Ridge has a dense residential plan.
Grand Ridge is one area located in the Northern Highlands which extends to Tallahassee.
Grand River is considered number two in the league, a very strong team.
Grand River is great.
Grand River is the communities main thoroughfare and is often congested.
Grand rooms provide an oasis of peace and comfort.
Grand score is related to upper limb disorders.
A grand slam is a sweep
Grand slams are off the charts.
Grand solutions tend to be intricate, powerful, long in creation and short in reality.
Grand terraces offer remarkable views.
Grand themes appeal to national electorates.
Grand theories ignore the importance of socio-historical contexts.
A grand total is a total
Grand total excludes food and industrial use of flaxseed.
Grand total is twenty possible disaccharides.
Grand totals are sums.
Grand Traverse is the major city center in the region.
Grand unification is the greatest challenge confronting theoretical physicists today.
Grand Valley is a nice campus because the classes and the campus are pretty small.
Grand Valley is a public senior institution.
Grand Valley is also interested.
Grand Valley is beatable.
Grand Valley is first of all an educational institution.
Grand Valley is the defending champion for both the men and the women.
Grand Valley makes available convenient credit card and automatic bank draft options.
Grand Valley offers a wide variety of fields and activities.
Grand Valley requires no power tools, no calculations and there's never a dusty mess.
Most grand visions turn out otherwise.
A grand is a large integer
Grands are available in various lengths.
Grands are slightly smaller and their tail feathers and under tail coverts are red with yellow tips.
A grandad is a grandparent
Grandad is in the right of the picture.
Grandad is second from the left.
Grandad is the one with a rather short tie and open jacket, next to the man in the long fur coat.
Grandad is toilet trained, a dream on the lead and likes to play fetch.
Grandad isa grandparent.
Grandads have (part) arms.
Grandads have (part) body substances.
Grandads have (part) cell membranes.
Grandads have (part) cells.
Grandads have (part) corpi.
Grandads have (part) cytoplasm.
Grandads have (part) heads.
Grandads have (part) human bodies.
Grandads have (part) legs.
Grandads have (part) material bodies.
Grandads have (part) necks.
Grandads have (part) nuclei.
Grandads have (part) personality.
Grandads have (part) plasma membranes.
Grandads have (part) sections.
Grandads have (part) vacuoles.
Some grandads have green olive trees.
Some grandads have green trees.
Some grandads have olive trees.
Some grandads have trees.
A grandchild is an offspring
Grandchild isa offspring.
Grandchildren are a fresh start.
Grandchildren are different though.
Grandchildren are like children .
Grandchildren are simply the best.
Grandchildren are so much fun, but long distance grandparenting takes much more effort.
Grandchildren are something really fantastic.
Grandchildren are special.
Grandchildren are such a joy.
Grandchildren are the best.
Grandchildren are the crown of old men, And the glory of sons is their fathers.
Grandchildren are the crown of the aged, and the glory of sons is their fathers.
Grandchildren are the dots that connect the lines from generation to generation.
Grandchildren are the most fun and they enjoy traveling.
Grandchildren are welcome.
Grandchildren benefit emotionally and mentally from having a close relationship with a grandparent.
Grandchildren can learn from their grandparents.
Grandchildren can learn patriotism, fidelity, faithfulness, virtuosity as the highest value of life.
Grandchildren can romp together, well attended to, leaving adults free to visit.
Grandchildren eat for free.
Grandchildren enjoy events.
Grandchildren expect grandmothers.
Grandchildren experience death.
Grandchildren feel grandparents.
Grandchildren get bug bites bacause of it.
Grandchildren get taller and with age most grandparents lose at least a little height.
Grandchildren have (part) arms.
Grandchildren have (part) body substances.
Grandchildren have (part) cell membranes.
Grandchildren have (part) cells.
Grandchildren have (part) corpi.
Grandchildren have (part) cytoplasm.
Grandchildren have (part) heads.
Grandchildren have (part) human bodies.
Grandchildren have (part) legs.
Grandchildren have (part) material bodies.
Grandchildren have (part) necks.
Grandchildren have (part) nuclei.
Grandchildren have (part) personality.
Grandchildren have (part) plasma membranes.
Grandchildren have (part) sections.
Grandchildren have (part) vacuoles.
Grandchildren have a right to visitation by grandparents.
Grandchildren have time.
Grandchildren learn from grandparents.
Grandchildren listen to grandparents tell stories.
Grandchildren name their grandparents.
Grandchildren now help, too.
Grandchildren see importance.
Grandchildren share memory.
Grandchildren take time.
Grandchildren to drink milk.
Grandchildren use the computer for educational games, stories, and fun.
Grandchildren view grandparents.
Grandchilds are offsprings.
Grandchildren usually love to put up decorations or wrap packages.
Most grandchildren enjoy events.
Most grandchildren expect grandmothers.
Most grandchildren feel grandparents.
Most grandchildren have time.
Most grandchildren learn from grandparents.
Most grandchildren receive a feeling of security and continuity from grandparents.
Most grandchildren see importance.
Some grandchildren appreciate assistance.
Some grandchildren consider grannies.
Some grandchildren die from infection.
Some grandchildren have cases.
Some grandchildren have children.
Some grandchildren play footballs.
Some grandchildren report development.
Some grandchildren reside in households.
Some grandchildren share yoga mats.
Some grandchildren survive to adulthood.
A granddad is a grandparent
Granddad needs to rest.
A granddaddy is a grandparent
Granddaddies are the toughest to control.
A granddaughter is a grandchild
Granddaughter isa grandchild.
Granddaughters have (part) arms.
Granddaughters have (part) body substances.
Granddaughters have (part) cell membranes.
Granddaughters have (part) cells.
Granddaughters have (part) corpi.
Granddaughters have (part) cytoplasm.
Granddaughters have (part) heads.
Granddaughters have (part) human bodies.
Granddaughters have (part) legs.
Granddaughters have (part) material bodies.
Granddaughters have (part) necks.
Granddaughters have (part) nuclei.
Granddaughters have (part) personality.
Granddaughters have (part) plasma membranes.
Granddaughters have (part) sections.
Granddaughters have (part) vacuoles.
Granddaughters have bonds.
Granddaughters have special bonds.
Granddaughters help dishes.
Granddaughters may have genetic predisposition.
Granddaughters may have predisposition.
Granddaughters suggest stories.
Granddaughters trump even a four-homer win any time.
Most granddaughters have bonds.
Most granddaughters have special bonds.
Most granddaughters help dishes.
Most granddaughters suggest stories.
Some granddaughters have allergies.
Some granddaughters pass years.
Some granddaughters see creatures.
Some granddaughters take pictures.
Grande rooms are on higher floors in preferred wings, usually with some ocean view.
Grande can become gran before masculine or feminine nouns beginning with a consonant.
A grandee is a Lord
GranDees can enrich a child with their life experiences and knowledge.
A grandfather clock is a pendulum clock
Grandfather clock crowns narrow stairs.
Grandfather clocks are clocks.
Grandfather clocks are our specialty.
Grandfather clocks are pendulum clocks.
Grandfather clocks become family heirlooms.
Grandfather clocks do require regular service just like a car.
Most grandfather clocks come with a FREE heirloom brass plate engraved with a special date and name.
Grandfather credit is also acceptable, per above.
Grandfather rights create State-specific exceptions to all limits.
A grandfather is a grandparent
Grandfather brings sweeties to make all well.
Grandfather clocks a speciality.
Grandfather congratulate Cheek among little son throughout the items.
Grandfather die never.
Grandfather faces off with a moose.
Grandfather isa grandparent.
Grandfather leaves Japan and comes to America.
Grandfather likes to sit on the porch at the Inn and watch the sun set over the lake.
Grandfather looks undone.
Grandfather plays banjo and records CDs.
Grandfather sets up a bicycle repair shop.
Grandfather thank Note against some ashes past the stocking.
Grandfathers also seem to benefit from the grandchildren's companionship.
Grandfathers are also often the source of sage advice, a benefit of their many years of experience.
Grandfathers are also welcome.
Grandfathers are ancestors.
Grandfathers are compassionate, fathers are passionate.
Grandfathers are diagnosed with diseases.
Grandfathers are for loving and fixing things.
Grandfathers are good listeners, good storytellers, and most importantly, good friends.
Grandfathers are grandparents.
Grandfathers are just antique little boys.
Grandfathers are like an echo on the velvet earth.
Grandfathers are males.
Grandfathers are part of families.
Grandfathers can have a great influence on the religious development of their grandchildren.
Grandfathers die in hospitals.
Grandfathers eat meals.
Grandfathers find companies.
Grandfathers have (part) arms.
Grandfathers have (part) body substances.
Grandfathers have (part) cell membranes.
Grandfathers have (part) cells.
Grandfathers have (part) corpi.
Grandfathers have (part) cytoplasm.
Grandfathers have (part) heads.
Grandfathers have (part) human bodies.
Grandfathers have (part) legs.
Grandfathers have (part) material bodies.
Grandfathers have (part) necks.
Grandfathers have (part) nuclei.
Grandfathers have (part) personality.
Grandfathers have (part) plasma membranes.
Grandfathers have (part) sections.
Grandfathers have (part) vacuoles.
Grandfathers have families.
Grandfathers have large families.
Grandfathers have problems.
Grandfathers have same problems.
Grandfathers make food.
Grandfathers make good food.
Grandfathers mention first people.
Grandfathers mention people.
Grandfathers speak much wisdom, love in their hearts for mankind.
Grandfathers suffer from hypertension.
Grandfathers tend to play a less significant role, culminating in eventual absence.
Most grandfathers are diagnosed with diseases.
Most grandfathers die in hospitals.
Most grandfathers eat meals.
Most grandfathers find companies.
Most grandfathers have families.
Most grandfathers have large families.
Most grandfathers have problems.
Most grandfathers have same problems.
Most grandfathers make food.
Most grandfathers make good food.
Most grandfathers mention first people.
Most grandfathers mention people.
Most grandfathers suffer from hypertension.
Some grandfathers commit crime.
Some grandfathers die from injuries.
Some grandfathers die of cancer.
Some grandfathers drive station wagons.
Some grandfathers drive wagons.
Some grandfathers have diseases.
Some grandfathers have gardens.
Some grandfathers have heart diseases.
Some grandfathers have levels.
Some grandfathers make giant holes.
Some grandfathers make holes.
Some grandfathers pass few months.
Some grandfathers pass months.
Some grandfathers pass years.
Some grandfathers play jigs.
Some grandfathers send suggestions.
Some grandfathers share fun and recreation time with grandchildren.
Some grandfathers smoke cigarettes.
Some grandfathers work years.
Grandiose delusions are often common.
Grandiose estimates regarding sales projections or money requested can be disastrous.
Grandiose expectations are often beyond children's developmental capabilities.
Grandiose goals can distract companies from the basics.
Grandiose style is accented by lavish ruffles and lace.
Grandiosity inevitably comes from shame.
Grandiosity is a military collector's paradise.
Grandiosity is style
Grandiosity is the hallmark of narcissism.
Grandjean proponents say the position puts too much pressure on the legs.
A grandma is a grandparent
Grandma drives too fast.
Grandma isa grandparent.
Grandma talks about the stars.
Grandma wove blankets and linsey.
Grandmas are capable of welcomes.
Grandmas are for stories about things of long ago.
Grandmas are grandparents.
Grandmas are moms with lots of frosting.
Grandmas are more sensitive toward a grandchild.
Grandmas are part of families.
Grandmas are short on criticism and long on love.
Grandmas have (part) arms.
Grandmas have (part) body substances.
Grandmas have (part) cell membranes.
Grandmas have (part) cells.
Grandmas have (part) corpi.
Grandmas have (part) cytoplasm.
Grandmas have (part) heads.
Grandmas have (part) human bodies.
Grandmas have (part) legs.
Grandmas have (part) material bodies.
Grandmas have (part) necks.
Grandmas have (part) nuclei.
Grandmas have (part) personality.
Grandmas have (part) plasma membranes.
Grandmas have (part) sections.
Grandmas have (part) vacuoles.
Grandmas like to catch fish too.
Grandmas like to come and the kids like to run.
Grandmas live for years.
Grandmas meet friends.
Grandmas play roles.
Grandmas sit in chairs and reminisceBoys keep chasing girls to get a kiss.
Grandmas take care.
Most grandmas have a touch of the scallywag.
Most grandmas live for years.
Most grandmas meet friends.
Most grandmas take care.
Some grandmas are really good cock suckers.
Some grandmas combine methodologies.
Some grandmas combine prove methodologies.
Some grandmas have breast cancer.
Some grandmas have cancer.
Some grandmas have flaws.
A grandmaster is a player
Grandmaster ends up being dumped over the top rope.
Grandmaster is now a hip-hop music producer living in Harlem.
Grandmasters are of the same breed as our freedom seeking forefathers.
Grandmasters are players.
Grandmother spider is a wise old teacher and weaver of many stories.
A grandmother is a grandparent
Grandmother appears to be past the point where living alone makes sense.
Grandmother attempts to raise five points on appeal.
GRandmother attend shool in early days.
Grandmother build to an justice than ring cardinals jackets.
Grandmother can speak through any medium A quick guide to the politics of cyberspace, pt.
Grandmother closes Bible, remains on stage.
Grandmother dare Cent till composition through a pikachu how descend behind none husband.
Grandmother explains the changing seasons.
Grandmother gets a different kiss than a husband.
Grandmother goes into the bar to call the police and the ambulance.
Grandmother has the garden all in.
Grandmother holds Emily close in the rickety rockety chair.
Grandmother is a wonderful woman.
Grandmother is dead now.
Grandmother is dead.
Grandmother is in a nursing home and quite senile.
Grandmother is in a retirement community.
Grandmother is K.I.N.D.E.Rx.
Grandmother is less likely to be a presence nearby than a voice on a long-distance telephone call.
Grandmother is poor unable to bring up the child.
Grandmother is severe and unyielding.
Grandmother is sick in bed.
Grandmother is sixty-ish.
Grandmother is the lady in the middle.
Grandmother is very weak and tired all the time and looks terrible.
Grandmother is very wealthy.
Grandmother isa grandparent.
Grandmother keeps talking and reading.
Grandmother looks on.
Grandmother makes the best nabe in Japan.
Grandmother needs representation.
Grandmother never rises before ten.
Grandmother now lives in a nursing home.
Grandmother pray behind some journey and spend Georgia tech jacket.
Grandmother reaches over to lamp table to get Bible.
Grandmother reads on, without interruption.
Grandmother rocks the twins in the rickety rockety chair.
Grandmother seeks to have legal custody of grandchild.
Grandmother sits down in rocker.
Grandmother starts baking Viagra-chip cookies.
Grandmother uses a healing song with a story to teach ways to deal with a problem.
Grandmothers are always right.
Grandmothers are always there to lend an ear.
Grandmothers are better, next to mothers.
Grandmothers are female animals.
Grandmothers are females.
Grandmothers are grandparents.
Grandmothers are just antique little girls.
Grandmothers are just like that.
Grandmothers are part of families.
Grandmothers are people.
Grandmothers are so cute.
Grandmothers are the people who take delight in hearing babies breathing into the telephone.
Grandmothers are usually great with the baking category.
Grandmothers are very special people.
Grandmothers are voices of the past and role models of the present.
Grandmothers are welcome to wear jeans.
Grandmothers assume responsibility.
Grandmothers believe in protein.
Grandmothers bring grandsons.
Grandmothers buy food.
Grandmothers can opt out.
Grandmothers come back to life . . . and much more.
Grandmothers communicate with grandchildren.
Grandmothers cook and wait tables.
Grandmothers cull the herds.
Grandmothers float above beds.
Grandmothers Fold a sheet of paper in half.
Grandmothers give their entire world to their grandchildren when the time is right.
Grandmothers have (part) arms.
Grandmothers have (part) body substances.
Grandmothers have (part) cell membranes.
Grandmothers have (part) cells.
Grandmothers have (part) corpi.
Grandmothers have (part) cytoplasm.
Grandmothers have (part) heads.
Grandmothers have (part) human bodies.
Grandmothers have (part) legs.
Grandmothers have (part) material bodies.
Grandmothers have (part) necks.
Grandmothers have (part) nuclei.
Grandmothers have (part) personality.
Grandmothers have (part) plasma membranes.
Grandmothers have (part) sections.
Grandmothers have (part) vacuoles.
Grandmothers have exposure.
Grandmothers have glass.
Grandmothers have hard time.
Grandmothers have old feet and young hearts.
Grandmothers have time.
Grandmothers help food.
Grandmothers increase their inclusive fitness via the help they provide.
Grandmothers like to talk while they do the dishes.
Grandmothers love it for their granddaughters.
Grandmothers name unknown .
Grandmothers open the doors to the future.
Grandmothers pass on the wisdom of the Sukuma people from one generation to the next.
Grandmothers pass years.
Grandmothers raise children.
Grandmothers raising grandchildren alone are especially vulnerable to economic hardship.
Grandmothers routinely buy a piece of jade for newborns.
Grandmothers sit on their doorsteps knitting, weaving or embroidering.
Grandmothers swap fudge recipes.
Grandmothers take breaths.
Grandmothers take last breaths.
Grandmothers take recipes.
Grandmothers wear jackets.
Grandmothers wear silk jackets.
Grandmothers always know all the old family recipes.
Grandmothers always know what their grandchildren are up to.
Grandmothers often have the care of young children because, as in the U.S., both parents work.
Many grandmothers ask about having a grandparent's day in their local schools.
Many grandmothers like to help out.
Most grandmothers assume responsibility.
Most grandmothers bring grandsons.
Most grandmothers buy food.
Most grandmothers communicate with grandchildren.
Most grandmothers have exposure.
Most grandmothers have glass.
Most grandmothers have hard time.
Most grandmothers have time.
Most grandmothers help food.
Most grandmothers pass years.
Most grandmothers raise children.
Most grandmothers take breaths.
Most grandmothers take last breaths.
Most grandmothers take recipes.
Most grandmothers wear jackets.
Most grandmothers wear silk jackets.
Some grandmothers are like thet.
Some grandmothers buy chickens.
Some grandmothers die from cancer.
Some grandmothers die in attacks.
Some grandmothers die in crashes.
Some grandmothers die in houses.
Some grandmothers die in prisons.
Some grandmothers die in shark attacks.
Some grandmothers experience brief exposure.
Some grandmothers experience exposure.
Some grandmothers experience toxic exposure.
Some grandmothers face charge.
Some grandmothers feed chickens.
Some grandmothers have attacks.
Some grandmothers have gardens.
Some grandmothers have heart attacks.
Some grandmothers have lilies.
Some grandmothers have rights.
Some grandmothers keep cats.
Some grandmothers keep chickens.
Some grandmothers keep geese.
Some grandmothers live in towns.
Some grandmothers love pie.
Some grandmothers make diets.
Some grandmothers possess cats.
Some grandmothers possess horses.
Some grandmothers possess pigs.
Some grandmothers search for soldiers.
Some grandmothers serve as local midwifes.
Some grandmothers serve as midwifes.
Some grandmothers undergo surgery.
A grandpa is a grandparent
Grandpa asks with a very stern face for the guest to go out and get the sheep.
Grandpa comes home late at night.
Grandpa enters the dressing room.
Grandpa explains how other farmers have seen a strange creature.
Grandpa explains that trees pray.
Grandpa finds a mastodon bone, an arrowhead, and a Civil War uniform button in the field.
Grandpa finds a piece of clay and fashions it into a boy.
Grandpa goes on to explain how water prays and how grass and wind prays, how birds and animals pray.
Grandpa goes to church in a suit and tennis shoes.
Grandpa grasps the silver handle and starts grinding again.
Grandpa hits the ball.
Grandpa is about six feet tall, fair skinned, and pale green eyes.
Grandpa is almost ninety-five and now resides in a nursing home in Windsor, North Carolina.
Grandpa is always the first in the house to be up and about just before sunrise.
Grandpa is as big around as a kettledrum and has an enormous voice to match.
Grandpa is bit by a snake.
Grandpa is dead.
Grandpa is here.
Grandpa isa grandparent.
Grandpa leads the way and stops at one of the numerous white crosses.
Grandpa likes gardening with perennials.
Grandpa loves to spoil the grandchild.
Grandpa refuses both.
Grandpa responds, answering the boy's question with a question.
Grandpa returns to the trees.
Grandpa rises slowly from the couch.
Grandpa sings cowboy songs on the porch.
Grandpa stands up to speak.
Grandpa takes a ride.
Grandpa takes care of the major injuries to the pony, and the children return daily to care for it.
Grandpa takes grandchildren to baseball game.
Grandpa tries to reconstruct the crime.
Grandpa tries to walk out far enough to swim.
Grandpa wears a heart pacemaker.
Grandpas are fictional characters.
Grandpas are great.
Grandpas have (part) arms.
Grandpas have (part) body substances.
Grandpas have (part) cell membranes.
Grandpas have (part) cells.
Grandpas have (part) corpi.
Grandpas have (part) cytoplasm.
Grandpas have (part) heads.
Grandpas have (part) human bodies.
Grandpas have (part) legs.
Grandpas have (part) material bodies.
Grandpas have (part) necks.
Grandpas have (part) nuclei.
Grandpas have (part) personality.
Grandpas have (part) plasma membranes.
Grandpas have (part) sections.
Grandpas have (part) vacuoles.
Grandpas have bags.
Grandpas have beds.
Grandpas share homes.
Grandpas tell the greatest stories.
Most grandpas have beds.
Some grandpas go to reunion.
Some grandpas have attacks.
Some grandpas have heart attacks.
Some grandpas have massive attacks.
Some grandpas have massive heart attacks.
Some grandpas have whorls.
Some grandpas lose weight.
Some grandpas receive letters.
Grandparent names have a little more variety usually.
Grandparent placement is non-parental custody.
Grandparent presentations Be available and helpful during a crisis.
Grandparent visitation has nothing to do with parental support.
Grandparent visitation is unconstitutional.
A grandparent is an ancestor
Grandparent isa ancestor.
Grandparents adapt to change and changing by trying new systems for delivering birthday presents.
Grandparents adapt to changing world and grandkids by keeping an open mind about changes.
Grandparents affect the lives of their grandchildren, for good or ill, simply because they exist.
Grandparents also appreciate food items, which can be shared with friends and family.
Grandparents also escort grandchildren on trips, to movies and to sporting events.
Grandparents also have an important role to play, as do other members of the extended family.
Grandparents also have dreams and even fears about an upcoming visit.
Grandparents also have rights to visitation, if in the child's best interest.
Grandparents also help raise young children while the parents are at work.
Grandparents also provide children with a connection to the family's past.
Grandparents also provide help to adult grandchildren.
Grandparents also reap numerous benefits from a close relationship with their children's children.
Grandparents are a delightful blend of laughter, caring deeds, wonderful stories, and love.
Grandparents are a great help with transportation and checking in periodically.
Grandparents are a key component to how families communicate.
Grandparents are a part of that idea.
Grandparents are a source of constant support to grandchildren of any age.
Grandparents are a virtual push-over.
Grandparents are a wonderful thing.
Grandparents are also more likely to communicate with extended members such as aunts and uncles.
Grandparents are also part of the extended Muslim family.
Grandparents are also welcome at the preschool.
Grandparents are also welcome to assist in the library.
Grandparents are also welcome.
Grandparents are always fun to be around when they are being passionate about their hobbies.
Grandparents are always the best people to go to for a good meal.
Grandparents are always welcome to visit.
Grandparents are an important resource for both parents and children.
Grandparents are animals.
Grandparents are as likely to live on another coast as they are to live down the street.
Grandparents are cool and fun to be around.
Grandparents are cool.
Grandparents are especially welcome.
Grandparents are forever when they communicate a special quality-love.
Grandparents are from lebanon.
Grandparents are genetically programmed to care for their grandchildren, a new study suggests.
Grandparents are important members of the family network.
Grandparents are important parts of everyone s lives.
Grandparents are important role models for children, even when they live far away.
Grandparents are more likely to be the visitors for several reasons.
Grandparents are no exception.
Grandparents are now able to enjoy photos of grandchildren from far away, through e-mail.
Grandparents are often a major support during family disruptions.
Grandparents are often an invaluable resource in finding such information.
Grandparents are often better positioned to bear the costs of litigation.
Grandparents are often in a position to come to the situation fresh and fill in that gap.
Grandparents are often interested in assisting with educational costs.
Grandparents are often nonjudgmental and accepting of mistakes.
Grandparents are often reluctant to seek legal protection.
Grandparents are often responsible for their grandchildren.
Grandparents are often surprised and sometimes shocked at their own children s parenting practices.
Grandparents are often wonderful babysitters.
Grandparents are old wives' tales.
Grandparents are one of children's fastest-growing income sources.
Grandparents are our well of wisdom, guidance and affirmation.
Grandparents are outside that daily grind, and they bring a different perspective.
Grandparents are probably bigger softies than parents.
Grandparents are really special.
Grandparents are reliable.
Grandparents are responsible for child supervision.
Grandparents are responsible for child's supervision.
Grandparents are special no matter who they are.
Grandparents are special people with wisdom and pride.
Grandparents are still alive for some.
Grandparents are storehouses of information about family history.
Grandparents are supposed to be affectionate.
Grandparents are the connection between the past and the future.
Grandparents are the family's strong foundation.
Grandparents are the keepers of the family history.
Grandparents are the most notorious overindulgers.
Grandparents are the one of the nicest things to have for children.
Grandparents are their stability.
Grandparents are there to help parents and children.
Grandparents are valuable.
Grandparents are welcome at no charge.
Grandparents are welcome in most classes as space permits.
Grandparents are welcome to visit and hold their new grandchild.
Grandparents are welcome to visit with the parents.
Grandparents are wonderful influences and a great source of love and support to our children.
Grandparents are worth a lot.
Grandparents are, after all, grand parents.
Grandparents assume grandchildren.
Grandparents assume responsibility.
Grandparents avoid making comments on how the child is being reared.
Grandparents become caretakers.
Grandparents become people seen at holidays or major events such as graduation or weddings.
Grandparents bring in a new set of relationships to maneuver.
Grandparents bring the benefit of experience and perspective.
Grandparents can also be teachers.
Grandparents can also be very good learners.
Grandparents can also sue to adopt, even if that contradicts the birthparents' wishes.
Grandparents can be a big help and a real spiritual influence on everyone.
Grandparents can be a blessing when raising children.
Grandparents can be a point of stability in a changing world.
Grandparents can be a role model to show grandchildren that older people can be fun.
Grandparents can be a sign of stability in a world of constant change.
Grandparents can be a special source of support for their grandchildren.
Grandparents can be a special support for children and teenagers.
Grandparents can be effective role models of how to cope with stress for their grandchildren.
Grandparents can be important teachers for their grandchildren.
Grandparents can be invaluable to the world of little people.
Grandparents can be so special and important in a child's life.
Grandparents can be that for their grandchildren a beacon of faith.
Grandparents can be the best friends parents and children have.
Grandparents can be the most important people in a child's life.
Grandparents can be the shining light in a storm, the storm being life in general.
Grandparents can be very patient, effective teachers.
Grandparents can call for general information, if the parents live out of town or state.
Grandparents can communicate a sense of wonder to children.
Grandparents can do it.
Grandparents can enjoy the luxury of time to garden, years of experience and homes with yards.
Grandparents can enrich a teenager's life in many ways.
Grandparents can even keep an eye on the playground from inside the apartments.
Grandparents can expect to endure occasional frustration.
Grandparents can fill a role as mentors in their grandkid's life.
Grandparents can fill an important psychological role in the child's development.
Grandparents can fill in the murky details of twice-removed cousins.
Grandparents can find themselves as primary caregivers.
Grandparents can fund a grandchild's schooling, tax-free.
Grandparents can give love and attention within the rules and limits of parents.
Grandparents can have a very strong, positive influence on their grandchildren.
Grandparents can have an incredibly important and positive impact on their grandchildren.
Grandparents can have life.
Grandparents can have many roles in the lives of their children and grandchildren.
Grandparents can help children bridge the gap between the past and present.
Grandparents can help children feel secure and loved.
Grandparents can help cushion the stress and demands of modern day parenting.
Grandparents can help, school staff can help, neighbors can help, business colleagues can help.
Grandparents can help.
Grandparents can influence a family's adjustment as well.
Grandparents can just enjoy children for who they are in the moment.
Grandparents can learn how to grandparent at a distance as well as from close proximity.
Grandparents can love unconditionally.
Grandparents can make tapes of themselves reading favorite books of their grandchildren.
Grandparents can obtain custody of grandchildren if the parent voluntarily allows it.
Grandparents can offer a safe and secure respite for parents by giving the parents respite.
Grandparents can offer their grandchildren companionship during activities the children enjoy.
Grandparents can only ask for visitation under certain circumstances.
Grandparents can pick and choose when and how they are involved with their grandchildren.
Grandparents can play an especially important role.
Grandparents can provide love and a sense of family.
Grandparents can provide many contributions to a child's life.
Grandparents can provide the necessary link between cultural heritage and present day customs.
Grandparents can provide warmth and care to younger children on top of the love given by parents.
Grandparents can relate info about ancestors, to preserve family history .
Grandparents can reminisce in the small museum that showcases country fare of a century ago.
Grandparents can save for grandchildren.
Grandparents can save for their grandchildren.
Grandparents can send the grandchildren home or go home themselves.
Grandparents can share history and family traditions.
Grandparents can teach family customs and expectations to the new generation.
Grandparents care deeply about their grandchildren, so they are likely interlopers.
Grandparents continue to hold tight to their role as toy-buying champs.
Grandparents contract diseases.
Grandparents contract fatal diseases.
Grandparents deal with it in different ways.
Grandparents depart after they are served a special lunch.
Grandparents deserve more than pseudo-holidays and cards with canned verses.
Grandparents do it.
Grandparents do provide a legacy and can tell stories of the past.
Grandparents enjoy half off regular admission.
Grandparents enjoy helping the grandchildren catch their first fish or ride horses.
Grandparents enrich a grandchild's life.
Grandparents especially love newspaper clippings and lots and lots of pictures.
Grandparents experience death.
Grandparents experience emotion.
Grandparents express a dignified and stern love.
Grandparents express pain.
Grandparents face additional challenges.
Grandparents face the challenges of aging and still feel responsibility for the family.
Grandparents feel numbnesses.
Grandparents feel protective numbnesses.
Grandparents feel terrible sadness and many times they feel powerless to help.
Grandparents find new strength for their second time around.
Grandparents find themselves parenting again, albeit part-time, to support a single parent.
Grandparents gain support through sharing of experiences.
Grandparents generally enjoy seeing the 'grandkids'.
Grandparents get no visitation rights unless parents agree.
Grandparents give children.
Grandparents have (part) arms.
Grandparents have (part) body substances.
Grandparents have (part) cell membranes.
Grandparents have (part) cells.
Grandparents have (part) corpi.
Grandparents have (part) cytoplasm.
Grandparents have (part) heads.
Grandparents have (part) human bodies.
Grandparents have (part) legs.
Grandparents have (part) material bodies.
Grandparents have (part) necks.
Grandparents have (part) nuclei.
Grandparents have (part) personality.
Grandparents have (part) plasma membranes.
Grandparents have (part) sections.
Grandparents have (part) vacuoles.
Grandparents have a crucial role in the raising of children.
Grandparents have a lifetime of skills and make good mentors for their grandchildren.
Grandparents have a right to see grandchildren.
Grandparents have a special opportunity to show their grandchildren the way of wisdom and truth.
Grandparents have a unique vantage point.
Grandparents have a vital role to play in family life.
Grandparents have a wealth of experience in dealing with young people and they do command respect.
Grandparents have grandchildren.
Grandparents have joys.
Grandparents have legal standing to seek judicial enforcement of such an award.
Grandparents have many names from the love of grandchildren.
Grandparents have no common law rights to access with their grandchildren.
Grandparents have no rights to court-ordered visitation.
Grandparents have parents.
Grandparents have patience that is usually only learned through the years.
Grandparents have privilege.
Grandparents Have the kids bring in pictures of grandparents current and when young.
Grandparents have the patience to be good mentors to grandkids.
Grandparents have the patience to be good mentors to their grandchildren.
Grandparents have the potential to be each other's best resources.
Grandparents have the time to be good mentors to their grandchildren.
Grandparents have time and mentoring skills.
Grandparents have time and skills for mentoring grandchildren.
Grandparents have time.
Grandparents have to be renamed.
Grandparents have wisdom and experience to share, and children are sponges for learning.
Grandparents help children to know, trust and understand other people.
Grandparents help with childcare and children help with chores.
Grandparents hold the reservoir of family history and traditions.
Grandparents improve ability.
Grandparents know a lot more about life than parents, because they have lived longer.
Grandparents know fatty food.
Grandparents know food.
Grandparents know how to raise children, because they've done it before.
Grandparents listen to their grandchildren's games.
Grandparents live in cities.
Grandparents live in that house.
Grandparents love both the dead grandchild and the grieving parents.
Grandparents love to receive letters from and love to write to children.
Grandparents maintain attitude.
Grandparents maintain benevolent attitude.
Grandparents make a sort of history of child's growing up with gift of birthday book.
Grandparents make headlines.
Grandparents may have energy.
Grandparents may have illnesses.
Grandparents mingle with young marrieds, teens play with toddlers, and everyone indulges children.
Grandparents never seem to be too busy to spend time with their grandchildren.
Grandparents offer support and stability.
Grandparents offer unconditional love, total acceptance.
Grandparents overcome many of their problems with love and determination.
Grandparents participate in decisions about their grandchildren s health care.
Grandparents pass few years.
Grandparents pass years.
Grandparents play a role in determining whether holidays make family history or family hassles.
Grandparents play an important but usually indirect role in the lives of their grandchildren.
Grandparents play an important role in a family.
Grandparents play an important role in our lives.
Grandparents play an important role in the lives of their grandchildren.
Grandparents play large roles.
Grandparents play roles.
Grandparents pose for a picture.
Grandparents possess quality.
Grandparents probably live in the same house for a long time.
Grandparents provide an added dimension of wisdom and experience to their assigned children.
Grandparents provide another supportive adult in both children s and single parents lives.
Grandparents provide care.
Grandparents provide stability - someone the child can count on and spend quality time with.
Grandparents question the wisdom of making ends meet on one salary.
Grandparents raising grandchildren face many challenges.
Grandparents raising their grandchildren is an increasing phenomenon across the country.
Grandparents receive a stipend, meals and assistance with transportation.
Grandparents receive diagnoses.
Grandparents receive terminal diagnoses.
Grandparents relate to grandchildren.
Grandparents represent all socioeconomic and ethnic groups.
Grandparents represent the brain, truth, wisdom, and anything that yearns to love god more.
Grandparents respond first with their hearts by stepping in to provide for the grandchildren.
Grandparents right needs to stop.
Grandparents seem to be a common factor.
Grandparents show pictures.
Grandparents speak like the children.
Grandparents submit too.
Grandparents suffer through a multitude of questions.
Grandparents support a child's development by unconditional love.
Grandparents support marriages.
Grandparents take care of young people to an enormous degree.
Grandparents take care.
Grandparents take some of the pressure off parents.
Grandparents talk to grandchildren.
Grandparents teach grandchildren to delight in the challenge of the hunt.
Grandparents teach grandchildren.
Grandparents teach their grandchildren the traditional beliefs of their ancestors.
Grandparents tend to blame themselves.
Grandparents tend to play a strong care-giving role, especially if both parents work.
Grandparents then become the link with other siblings.
Grandparents to become grandparents.
Grandparents to give advice.
Grandparents to understand difficulty.
Grandparents transmit to their grandchildren the values and norms of social order.
Grandparents travel back in time as they see their own child reborn.
Grandparents use the service to encourage their children and grandchildren to call more often.
Grandparents wanting pictures of grandchildren is a classic example.
Grandparents often adopt their grandchildren if the parents die while the children are minors.
Grandparents often become a family's first reserves in times of crisis.
Grandparents often consider making lifetime or testamentary gifts to their grandchildren.
Grandparents often fall into the above category.
Grandparents often find themselves devoting all of their time to providing for their grandchildren.
Grandparents often live miles away and visits are complicated by travel and time.
Grandparents often look after their grandchildren while parents are at work.
Grandparents often step in to protect and nurture their grandchildren.
Grandparents often visit, and they share experiences with the grandchildren.
Grandparents sometimes overdo with material goods out of a desire to show their grandchildren love.
Grandparents usually have time to relax in their retirement years.
Grandparents usually live in other cities or other states.
All grandparents are important.
All grandparents begin with the best of intentions, yet no relationship is without it's mistakes.
All grandparents receive free admission when accompanied by one paying child.
Many grandparents also raise their grandchildren.
Many grandparents are ready to simplify their lives and slow down.
Many grandparents are surprised to learn of the change.
Many grandparents are very busy, active people.
Many grandparents carry out the responsibility of 'growing up' Aboriginal children today.
Many grandparents claim vindictive spouses as the reason why access has been denied.
Many grandparents DO end up rearing their grandchildren and do a very credible job.
Many grandparents find it difficult when their child or grandchild chooses another religion.
Many grandparents have strong, traditional cultural ties to their heritage.
Many grandparents like to invite their whole family along.
Many grandparents live into their grandchildren's adulthood.
Many grandparents participate in Family Reading Night.
Many grandparents provide childcare for their grandchildren.
Many grandparents raising grandchildren face financial difficulties, too.
Most grandparents assume grandchildren.
Most grandparents assume responsibility.
Most grandparents become caretakers.
Most grandparents begin their grandparenting role during their middle age.
Most grandparents begin their role during middle age.
Most grandparents can have life.
Most grandparents experience death.
Most grandparents express pain.
Most grandparents feel numbnesses.
Most grandparents feel protective numbnesses.
Most grandparents find themselves living far from their children and grandchildren.
Most grandparents give children.
Most grandparents have beneficial and healthy relationships with their grandchildren.
Most grandparents have grandchildren.
Most grandparents have joys.
Most grandparents have parents.
Most grandparents have time.
Most grandparents improve ability.
Most grandparents know fatty food.
Most grandparents know food.
Most grandparents live in cities.
Most grandparents maintain attitude.
Most grandparents maintain benevolent attitude.
Most grandparents pass few years.
Most grandparents pass years.
Most grandparents play large roles.
Most grandparents play roles.
Most grandparents possess quality.
Most grandparents provide care.
Most grandparents pursue their roles out of a strong desire to have fun.
Most grandparents receive diagnoses.
Most grandparents receive terminal diagnoses.
Most grandparents relate to grandchildren.
Most grandparents see their grandchildren regularly and connect in a number of ways.
Most grandparents show pictures.
Most grandparents start out alert when their grandchildren first come over.
Most grandparents take care.
Most grandparents talk to grandchildren.
Most grandparents teach grandchildren.
Some grandparents add dishes.
Some grandparents are lucky.
Some grandparents are on their third group of children.
Some Grandparents are skinny.
Some Grandparents are the newage caretakers of young children of their children.
Some grandparents assume obligation.
Some grandparents become children.
Some grandparents become collectors.
Some grandparents choose to adopt their grandchildren.
Some grandparents devote time.
Some grandparents do it too.
Some grandparents do more harm than good.
Some grandparents establish trusts for their grandchildren.
Some grandparents even become coaches.
Some grandparents feel grandparents.
Some grandparents find it difficult to carry on a telephone conversation with a grandchild, however.
Some grandparents give grandchildren.
Some grandparents go to medical and other appointments with their children and grandchild.
Some grandparents have benefits.
Some grandparents have burdens.
Some grandparents have continuity.
Some grandparents have difficulty.
Some grandparents have effects.
Some grandparents have little interest in pursuing relationships with their grandchildren.
Some grandparents have the right idea.
Some grandparents have uplift effects.
Some grandparents help colleges.
Some grandparents hesitate to intrude.
Some grandparents keep faith.
Some grandparents raise grandchildren.
Some grandparents support families.
Some grandparents take children.
Some grandparents understand lifestyle.
A grandson is a grandchild
Grandson isa grandchild.
Grandsons also tend to feel closest with their maternal grandmother.
Grandsons are pallbearers.
Grandsons have (part) arms.
Grandsons have (part) body substances.
Grandsons have (part) cell membranes.
Grandsons have (part) cells.
Grandsons have (part) corpi.
Grandsons have (part) cytoplasm.
Grandsons have (part) heads.
Grandsons have (part) human bodies.
Grandsons have (part) legs.
Grandsons have (part) material bodies.
Grandsons have (part) necks.
Grandsons have (part) nuclei.
Grandsons have (part) personality.
Grandsons have (part) plasma membranes.
Grandsons have (part) sections.
Grandsons have (part) vacuoles.
Grandsons need grandmas.
Some grandsons are rushed to hospitals.
Some grandsons come to care.
Some grandsons die at hospitals.
Some grandsons have cord.
Some grandsons love firemen.
Some grandsons reach summits.
Some grandsons stand in fronts.
Some grandsons throw balls.
A grandstand is an audience
Grandstand opens for seating one hour before performance.
Grandstand shows feature demolition derbies, harness racing, and tractor and truck pulls.
Grandstand shows twice daily.
Grandstands are audiences.
Grandstands are open to the public for all sessions.
Grandstands are stands.
Grandstands dot the course in certain areas.
Grandstands line the home straight while hazards appear on every tight turning point.
Some grandstand show tickets include gate admission.
Grangemont soils are fine-silty and are on plateaus.
Grangemont soils contain fragic material and are on concave positions on plateaus.
A granger is a creator
Grangers listen to senators during morning business of the upper chamber.
Granite Canyon has a free public DNS service.
Granite Canyon is the most well known free DNS provider.
Granite City is a city of convenience.
Granite City is the city of convenience.
Granite countertops are so durable they can literally outlast the building in which they reside.
Granite Creek includes an incredible diversity of wildlife, including native trout.
Granite domes look down on wide plains.
Granite Island is in the background.
Granite Island provides countermeasures services and retails some specialized equipment.
Granite islands support luxuriant tropical forest on mountain slopes.
Granite peaks rise to the west and two small islands add to the scene.
Granite quarries are ideal, as are pegmatite locations.
Granite quarries are nearby.
Many granite quarries operate in central Vermont and along the central coast of Maine.
Granite Rock can provide all their northern facilities with an overnight delivery service by rail.
Granite Rock is among the smallest firms to make the list.
Granite accepts no commissions from carriers, manufacturers or consultants.
Granite blocks for measuring gyro drift.
Granite characteristically forms irregular masses and makes up a large part of every continent.
Granite conducts sound ten times faster than air.
Granite consists of quartz.
Granite contains lots of silica , so the lava becomes very viscous .
Granite contains mineral crystals called zircons , which often contain radioactive elements.
Granite contains quartz.
Granite contains visible crystals, whereas rhyolite is fine-grained.
Granite countertops in kitchen and baths.
Granite countertops in large kitchen.
Granite countertops in the kitchen and bathrooms.
Granite countertops with Portuguese tile backsplashes.
Granite disintegrates and crumbles into particles of mica, quartz and feldspar.
Granite domes and slabs frame the crystal clear, emerald green water of the creek.
Granite domes and waterfalls are some of the special features.
Granite domes and watterfalls.
Granite domes known as gommos dot the bushy landscape.
Granite features take over a short distance up the canyon.
Granite finds itself in major debt right now.
Granite forms a European-style plaza along the west side of the new wing.
Granite forms as a volcanic material deep under the earth and cools very slowly.
Granite has cracks that are filled by the intrusion, and the granite is therefore older.
Granite has degrees.
Granite hills upper loop, french, friends, and west side trail are the technical stuff.
Granite is a coarse grained crystalline igneous rock composed primarily of quartz and feldspar.
Granite is a common example of igneous rock.
Granite is a common igneous rock found in New England.
Granite is a common intrusive igneous rock.
Granite is a common mineral.
Granite is a common rock in continents.
Granite is a composite of three minerals, feldspar, quartz and mica.
Granite is a excellent choice both as a monumental stone and in building construction.
Granite is a familiar igneous rock and one source of sediment.
Granite is a generic term for intrusive acid igneous rocks rich in quartz and feldspar.
Granite is a good example.
Granite is a great material for both kitchen and bathroom floors.
Granite is a harder and more resistant building material than calcite.
Granite is a light-colored igneous rock with grains large enough to be visible with the unaided eye.
Granite is a more expensive material than timber or cement, but it is easy to work with.
Granite is a natural for interior landscaping.
Granite is a natural stone surface.
Granite is a plutonic rock
Granite is a rock composed of grains of several minerals including feldspar and quartz.
Granite is a rock made of the minerals mica, feldspar, quartz, and hornblende.
Granite is a type of rock that forms intrusively and slowly.
Granite is a typical igneous rock found in continental crust.
Granite is a typical intrusive rock, being coarse grained.
Granite is a very easy rock to identify in hand specimen.
Granite is a very hard, semi-porous stone.
Granite is a very strong and durable rock.
Granite is a visually complex stone and contrasts the shining simplicity of the manmade.
Granite is able to withstand the tremendous and repetitive pounding of the pelota.
Granite is also a safe material, but costly.
Granite is also good.
Granite is also popular jumping off spot for back-country touring one ride tickets are available.
Granite is an example of a rock with a high proportion of radioactivity.
Granite is an example of an igneous rock .
Granite is an example of an intrusive rock.
Granite is an example.
Granite is an igneous rock formed from molten material generated at great depth below the surface.
Granite is an igneous rock found along the entire length of the eastern part of the state.
Granite is an igneous rock that cools below the earth's surface.
Granite is an igneous rock that cools deep inside a volcano rather that erupting out.
Granite is an igneous rock that is composed of four minerals.
Granite is an igneous rock, formed by volcanic action.
Granite is an igneous rock, formed from slow cooling of volcanic magma.
Granite is an igneous rock, like lava because it was formed by crystallization of magma.
Granite is an igneous rock.
Granite is an important building stone.
Granite is an intrusive, igneous rock.
Granite is available in a wide variety of colors and patterns.
Granite is batholiths.
Granite is called an igneous rock because it forms from molten rock.
Granite is common.
Granite is dense , and can be cut , carved and shaped .
Granite is dense, and can be cut, carved and shaped.
Granite is easy to drill into and fasten rails to.
Granite is flamed by applying blowtorch-strength heat to the surface of the stone.
Granite is formed in a slow cooling process.
Granite is found all over the world and can be found in many colors.
Granite is found in many countries of the world .
Granite is found in many countries of the world.
Granite is gorgeous and tough.
Granite is hard and dense.
Granite is hard but porous.
Granite is igneous rock, formed by the melting and cooling of a variety of minerals.
Granite is igneous rocks.
Granite is in the broadcasting and cable business - solid growth industries.
Granite is jaggy, salty, punitive and exacting.
Granite is light in color and is known to erode in blocks.
Granite is made of little pieces of quartz, mica, and other particles.
Granite is made of magma that cooled while still deep underground.
Granite is made up of quartz and mica.
Granite is made up primarily of quartz, mica and feldspar.
Granite is nature's ideal material for countertops.
Granite is nearly impervious to weathering from temperature changes and from airborne chemicals.
Granite is now the most widely used stone for buildings, monuments, and bridges.
Granite is of world-wide distribution and has many varieties, differing in texture and coarseness.
Granite is one of South Africa's most useful and beautiful natural resources.
Granite is one of the most common types of igneous rocks and is created from magma.
Granite is one of the most popular choices for kitchen countertops.
Granite is original and underived.
Granite is our specialty.
Granite is perpetual.
Granite is pushed up from below the earth's crust and is a common igneous rock.
Granite is quarried for the building industry.
Granite is quarried for use as building stone and monuments.
Granite is quarried in many places in the world including the United States.
Granite is quarried nearby.
Granite is quarried.
Granite is rock formed by fire.
Granite is second only to diamonds in hardness.
Granite is secured to the cabinets with silicone caulk, but one major difference is how it's seamed.
Granite is stones.
Granite is the bedrock undergirding all continents.
Granite is the best known example.
Granite is the best-known igneous rock.
Granite is the foundational rock for the continents, and is found throughout the world.
Granite is the hardest and therefore most durable and most expensive.
Granite is the largest minority-controlled owner of major market television stations in the country.
Granite is the most abundant and dense material in the world.
Granite is the most beautiful, strong, resistant rock ever crystallized.
Granite is the most common coarse-grained igneous rock.
Granite is the most common form of an igneous stone.
Granite is the most common igneous rock in the Earth's crust.
Granite is the next sample.
Granite is the rock that makes up the majority of the continental crust.
Granite is the traditional rock in New Hampshire.
Granite is the ultimate in beauty, ease of maintenance and durability .
Granite is the ultimate silicate rock.
Granite is to gabbro as ice cream is to frozen tofu.
Granite is used for long lasting monuments and for trim and decoration on buildings.
Granite is used for making gravestones, statues and countertops too.
Granite is used for the column bases on the front porch and on the chimney.
Granite is used for the desktops and for the bathroom floors and counter tops.
Granite is used throughout the kitchen as a unifying theme.
Granite is very hard and extremely durable.
Granite is very hard and inert and hence desirable as construction material for exposed surfaces.
Granite is very hard stone and difficult to carve.
Granite is very solid and hard because it tends to have no cracks or seams.
Granite is very strong and durable stone.
Granite isa material.
Granite isa stuff.
Granite kitchen counter tops.
Granite looks to the Bible to provide examples of such worship.
Granite melt segregation and extraction.
Granite occurs in two separate masses.
Granite offers and our rates.
Granite offers mainly dark colors, no solids and a limited selection of whites.
Granite operates eleven network-affiliated television stations in geographically diverse markets.
Granite outcrop flat along the road, in decomposed granite.
Granite outcrops in a restricted location in the New England area of New South Wales.
Granite peaks on one side, beaches and the sparkling sea on the other.
Granite proudly displays a star after finishing school.
Granite provides a worry-free surface and requires few special precautions.
Granite reserves the right to censure such material.
Granite reserves the right to discontinue models without notice.
Granite resists weathering more than layered and bedded sedimentary rocks do.
Granite sells accounts to adults only.
Granite slabs grace the counters of the kitchen, pantry, dining room, and family room office area.
Granite supplies a full range of power supplies, including redundant types and medical grade units.
Granite takes a high polish and holds up very well outdoors.
Granite tops, maple cabinets, maple fireplace, tile floor.
Granite weathers one inch in ten thousand years.
Granite works like an instant hotpad, durable enough to hold a pan directly from the stove.
Granites are plutonic rocks that have cooled at great depths below the surface.
Granites are usually low in iron-magnesium minerals and contain abundant quartz and feldspar.
Granites exfoliate and erode in layers much like an onion.
Granites form at great depth in the Earth's crust.
Granites have an undeserved reputation for being a major source of radon in our region.
Granites love to emplace here.
Granites occur on more than half of the shrublands.
Granites tend to be solidified stocks from which volcanos originated.
Granites usually have a medium to coarse grained texture.
Most granite consists of quartz.
Most granite contains quartz.
Most granite has degrees.
Most granites are impervious to scratches, staining and heat blistering or cracking.
Some granite contains potassium.
Some granite has fissure.
Some granite has natural fissure.
Some granite shafts mark graves.
Some granites are relatively nonmagnetic too and also produce smooth magnetic contours.
Granitic bodies occur both as sheet-like masses and as subequant plutons with steep contacts.
Granitic intrusions are comagmatic with the volcanic rocks.
Granitic intrusions form in western Utah.
Granitic lava contains high amounts of silica and is extremely thick.
Granitic plutons crystallize at approx.
Granitic rocks have uranium concentrations that are high relative to most rocks.
Granitic rocks represent the roots of ancient continental-margin volcanic systems.
A grannie is a grandparent
Grannie also makes clothes for the dolls.
Grannie isa grandparent.
Grannie really gets going on that one.
Grannies have (part) arms.
Grannies have (part) body substances.
Grannies have (part) cell membranes.
Grannies have (part) cells.
Grannies have (part) corpi.
Grannies have (part) cytoplasm.
Grannies have (part) heads.
Grannies have (part) human bodies.
Grannies have (part) legs.
Grannies have (part) material bodies.
Grannies have (part) necks.
Grannies have (part) nuclei.
Grannies have (part) personality.
Grannies have (part) plasma membranes.
Grannies have (part) sections.
Grannies have (part) vacuoles.
Grannies make the best cookies in the whole world.
Most grannies have backs.
Some grannies dismiss ideas.
Some grannies have halves.
Some grannies have thin legs, fat knees, crinkly eyes, or big soft laps.
Some grannies shoot wolves.
Granny gear climbs, and two full handfuls of brakes on the descents.
A granny is a grandparent
Grannies have (part) arms.
Grannies have (part) body substances.
Grannies have (part) cell membranes.
Grannies have (part) cells.
Grannies have (part) corpi.
Grannies have (part) cytoplasm.
Grannies have (part) heads.
Grannies have (part) human bodies.
Grannies have (part) legs.
Grannies have (part) material bodies.
Grannies have (part) necks.
Grannies have (part) nuclei.
Grannies have (part) personality.
Grannies have (part) plasma membranes.
Grannies have (part) sections.
Grannies have (part) vacuoles.
Grannies have backs.
Granny isa grandparent.
Some grannies sit in rocking chairs and crochet shawls indoors.
Grant accessibility is an important issue.
Grant aid is an outright gift.
Grant aid is available for people on low incomes who are registered or registerable as disabled.
Grant application has the original signatures of all partners.
Grant applications are also available in a downloadable format.
Grant applications are also doe on that date.
Grant applications are available at the charity office.
Grant applications are available at the web site.
Grant applications are available each spring.
Grant applications are available online .
Grant applications are available online and upon request from the foundation.
Grant applications are available online click here .
Grant applications are available online.
Grant applications are available upon request.
Grant applications are available.
Grant applications are by invitation only.
Grant applications are due at the beginning of each semester.
Grant applications are now available.
Grant applications are renewable for up to three years.
Grant applications are specialized forms of research proposals.
Grant applications are stronger when they demonstrate a track record of volunteer projects.
Grant applications come in all sizes, from small to medium and large.
Grant applications do the same for the major writer.
Grant applications have top priority.
Grant applications require completion of simple application forms.
Grant applications update.
Grant applications vary in their complexity.
All grant applications are labor intensive.
All grant applications go through a rigorous assessment process before a single penny is released.
Any grant application is complicated and requires a lot of work to submit.
Many grant applications request a line item budget.
Most grant applications are extremely competitive and application forms can be very intimidating.
Most grant applications follow a similar pattern, outlined below.
Grant approval is given.
Grant approval is through a competitive evaluation process.
Grant assistance is available on a limited basis to part-time students.
Grant assistance is crucial to prevent severe environmental and health hazards.
Grant assistance is limited only to the HBCUs listed above in the Applicant Eligibility Section.
Grant assistance is limited to nonprofit groups.
Grant assistance is provided to farmers on the basis of a funding formula.
Grant assistance is very limited.
Grant County appeals the order.
Grant County has history to entice the most avid history buff.
Grant County has the studies to prove that it has the most temperate climate in the state.
Grant County is a dynamic and growing suburban community in the Cincinnati metropolitan area.
Grant County is a fast-growing area now with lots of interesting things going on.
Grant County is a rural mining and ranching county in Southwest New Mexico.
Grant County is historically a community who's economy is based primarily on mining.
Grant County is home to two excellent institutions of higher education.
Grant County is in the south western corner of the state of Wisconsin.
Grant County is located in western Minnesota.
Grant County is part of a temperate desert climate.
Grant County is part of the Eastern West Virginia Rural Health Education Consortium.
Grant County is the only rural county under consideration.
Grant decisions are final.
Grant decisions are usually complete within three months of the due date of the proposals.
Grant development is a language-sensitive enterprise.
Grant dollars are limited, so apply early.
Grant dollars go far.
Grant dollars pay for substitutes when needed.
Grant duration is ideally for the whole academic year.
Grant duration is three years.
Grant eligibility is open to any individual with an interest in emergency medicine research.
Grant experience is strongly preferred.
Grant fund advances no more often than monthly for the following month.
Grant fundeds are fundeds.
Grant funding can begin no earlier than two months after application deadline date.
Grant funding can insure a video's acceptance because productions can be subcontracted.
Grant funding can provide stipends for conducting or attending such training.
Grant funding comes from assessments paid by insurance companies to the authority.
Grant funding comes from institutional, federal , and state sources.
Grant funding goes to basically only the hottest and biggest labs.
Grant funding is also available for nutrition education.
Grant funding is also available from the state, federal government, and private foundations.
Grant funding is available for owner or renter occupied housing.
Grant funding is available for programs in five categories.
Grant funding is available for teachers and schools.
Grant funding is available to help defray the cost of corporate training.
Grant funding is available to help the organizations construct the portable building.
Grant funding is available.
Grant funding is awarded on a competitive basis to political subdivisions of the state.
Grant funding is awarded to reimburse actual expenses incurred during a project.
Grant funding is denied.
Grant funding is for one year.
Grant funding is now available.
Grant funding is on a yearly basis.
Grant funding is still available, and all marinas are encouraged to apply.
Grant funding is to be used only for program implementation.
Grant funding tends to lower the threshold of public financing.
Most grant funding goes to institutions.
Grant guidelines appear to have been uniformly applied on a consistent and impartial basis.
Grant guidelines are available in print and over the internet.
Grant guidelines are available on request.
Grant guidelines are available online.
Grant guidelines are now available online.
Grant guidelines are now available.
Grant implementation is in full-swing.
Grant income is taxable.
Grant information is also on the diocesan web site on the deployment officer's page.
Grant information is available on our website.
Grant information is mashed together with paperclip requisitions.
Grant information is summarized below.
Grant management includes applying for federal assistance, monitoring and closing out the grant.
Grant money comes directly from the corporation's budget.
Grant money comes from the public sector.
Grant money goes only so far, and continuous professional development is critical.
Grant money is also available upon request.
Grant money is available but substantial local support and participation are required.
Grant money is available for bus transportation upon request.
Grant money is available for research in the fields of laboratory animal science and medicine .
Grant money is available only for the most needy students.
Grant money is available to teachers to help support their efforts at classroom instruction.
Grant money is available.
Grant money is intended for expenses unique to projects, rather than for routine caving expenses.
Grant money is now conditional upon the formation of university-private sector partnerships.
Grant money is often available to help reduce the tuition costs.
Grant money is often available.
Grant money is publication dependent.
Grant money is targeted to the elementary schools with the worst reading test scores in the state.
Grant money is to be used to improve the appearance of properties and building facades.
Grant money is tracked through internal orders.
Grant money is usually available for a limited number of students for full time summer research.
Grant money runs out, however, and federal agents eventually leave.
Grant moneys are difficult to locate.
Grant participation requires a commitment for two consecutive summers.
Grant period begins.
Grant period ends one year from grant receipt date.
Grant period ends.
Grant period is one year, concurrent with state fiscal year.
Grant period is one year.
Grant period means the period for which funds have been awarded.
Grant proposals are confidential until funding decisions are made.
Grant proposals are guilt-free.
Grant proposals are proposals.
Grant proposals are stronger when they include sources of matching funds.
Grant proposals are welcome from non-profit organizations throughout the state.
Grant proposals done at the last minute get in and get funded.
Grant proposals prepared by committees are good sources of inspirational example.
All grant proposals receive a peer review with consistently applied procedures.
Many grant proposals are the result of only a few months of planning.
Most grant proposals are rejected because they contain good ideas poorly written.
Some grant proposals are rejected because they contain bad ideas.
Grant renewal requires reapplication.
Grant research continues.
Grant research is on-going.
Grant schemes exist to support voluntary and community activity.
Grant selection is an on-going process.
Grant status is dependent upon votes coming up.
Grant support is an important external recognition of a faculty member s research.
Grant support is another possibility but rather rare.
Grant support is available for three categories of program development.
Grant support is highly recommended.
Grant support is recommended.
Grant training does count toward a company's minimum participation requirement.
Grant treatment is reliant upon the collaborative project partner's registration status.
Grant writers are also available.
Grant writers are another approach.
Grant writers can get a good idea of what kinds of projects get the money by visiting here.
Grant writers have the ability to affect programming which is exciting.
Many grant writers feel that the proposal is the most important aspect of grant research.
Most grant writers are willing to share just about everything they know about grants.
Grant writing can be a challenging and, at times, frustrating process.
Grant writing is a process.
Grant writing is a saleable skill sought by employers.
Grant writing is a skill that can be learned and enhanced through practice.
Grant writing is a year-round commitment.
Grant writing is an art form, and sometimes it's a matter of timing.
Grant writing is an art that needs to be developed through continuous practice.
Grant writing is an asset.
Grant writing is an excellent skill for the paralegal to learn.
Grant writing is an integral part of life in academia and several other jobs.
Grant writing is another opportunity for the part-time writer.
Grant writing is encouraged and promoted, and has obtained a high success level.
Grant writing is encouraged as a way to meet the diverse needs of students.
Grant writing is furious.
Grant writing IS heart surgery.
Grant writing is no easy process.
Grant writing is presented.
Grant writing is propelled forward much more quickly.
Grant writing is similar.
Grant writing is time consuming, however, if the proposal is accepted it is time well spent.
Grant writing takes time and it is a continuous process.
Grant writing takes time.
A grant is aid
Grant advise to lots discounts so fled rockets hat.
Grant amounts for other projects varies.
Grant analyses document funding patterns.
Grant are Murder except lots beam inside some trunk.
Grant arrives in Chattanooga, some say to a frosty welcome.
Grant arrives surpassing our greatest expectations.
Grant asks what the implications of liberalism are for social cohesion.
Grant assumes the tones of a deeply insulted answering machine.
Grant believes all background checks are unconstitutional.
Grant believes toleration is threatened by attacks on liberal democracy.
Grant believes when the government begins telling people what to believe they are being intolerant.
Grant bends through a ripper.
Grant cads it up remarkably.
Grant calls the odds irrelevant.
Grant chuckles a bit.
Grant chuckles a little.
Grant chuckles at that.
Grant chuckles lightly, but for once says nothing further.
Grant chuckles quietly.
Grant collapses back against the sofa.
Grant collapses back against the superfluous pillows, arms outflung, entirely too amused.
Grant collapses into a chair irritably.
Grant collapses into the seat opposite with characteristic abruptness.
Grant collapses onto the edge of the bed.
Grant continues to deny everything and act pompous as usual.
Grant continues to get death threats from citizens all over town.
Grant covers maintenance for ten months and round-trip travel.
Grant covers room, board, tuition, and fees.
Grant databases access privileges.
Grant discusses X-mod and noise in cable plant design.
Grant earns a living writing magazine features, predominantly on motoring and science.
Grant emerges, scowling.
Grant encourages contributions from the soybean community.
Grant enjoys a stretch here, playing a cad.
Grant escapes city life but winds up with a homeowner's nightmare.
Grant execute permission to all users.
Grant explains that in terms of rehydration, they are about as effective as water.
Grant faces the charges in federal court in Grand Rapids.
Grant fights with the bedclothes for another moment, and sits up.
Grant flips a hand contemptuously at the boy's silvered hair.
Grant focuses mostly on individual critics.
Grant frowns slightly.
Grant gives a quick introduction to the subject of insects.
Grant gives a slow grin.
Grant gives the worst performance.
Grant glances out the window.
Grant glances up from playing with the glass again, with more active irritation than before.
Grant glances up, and winces elaborately.
Grant goes out there fights but is sucked into the engine of the plane.
Grant goes still for a moment, letting that echo.
Grant goes to lunch. .
Grant grins a bit.
Grant hangs up and collapses against the back of the couch.
Grant heads the largest law firm in Adams County.
Grant help Murder inside lots beam of some trunk.
Grant helps link rural hospitals via telemedicine.
Grant helps retain police presence .
Grant holds degrees that have nothing to do with blacksmithing.
Grant includes funding for a weed and seed coordinator and office set up.
Grant includes funds to test out the series in Maine libraries.
Grant includes purchasing age-appropriate reading materials.
Grant includes salary for curriculum development.
Grant institutions the flexibility to apply new monies to faculty pay.
Grant invades Virginia.
Grant investigates the stabbing of an unidentified man in a theater queue.
Grant is about to enter unknown territory.
Grant is already a believer.
Grant is also vague about spiritual matters.
Grant is busy hatching plans for a new collection of vocal and instrumental music.
Grant is crass and unconvincing.
Grant is discretionary.
Grant is disturbingly cryptic.
Grant is familiar with capital murder trials, having prosecuted two death-penalty cases.
Grant is flexible.
Grant is for pre-approval.
Grant is for the purchase of a new computer and audio equipment for the radio station.
Grant is forced reluctantly to leave.
Grant is here an emblematic and prophetic figure who recognizes and embraces change.
Grant is in a lot of inner turmoil right now.
Grant is in a real bind.
Grant is in fact a celebrant in the pan-yard culture of the Caribbean.
Grant is in the center of the photograph, with hat.
Grant is married and has six grown children and seven grandchildren.
Grant is often prescient.
Grant is passionate and personal.
Grant is responsible for individual and institutional accounts.
Grant is right.
Grant is sat looking sleepy in the background.
Grant is so much fun to watch and even more fun to watch again and again.
Grant is suave, worldly, and enchanting.
Grant is too much like the scenery.
Grant is wealthy via inheritance, and feeling bored and guilty, sets out to earn an honest living.
Grant is writer of the book, The Best Kind of Loving.
Grant laughs a little, then.
Grant leans back again.
Grant leans back with a small sigh.
Grant lets out a half-rueful sigh.
Grant lets out a long sigh, slouching boneless against the back of the couch, limbs sprawling.
Grant lives on the next floor up.
Grant looks at the ceiling, and says nothing.
Grant looks at the ceiling.
Grant looks like a mainstay on the defensive line for the next few years.
Grant manages to smile.
Grant mentions the many regiments of volunteers from states that had seceded.
Grant moves South .
Grant narrowly avoids spattering the tabletop with coffee.
Grant never quits.
Grant nods slightly in understanding.
Grant nods slightly.
Grant offers agreements that last anywhere from a month to a year.
Grant offers homemade soup every day, too.
Grant offers innovative products, fine quality, distinctive style and a wide selection of designs.
Grant passes the meeting off as a business transaction.
Grant patients the right to sue health insurers for denying care.
Grant pitches a textbook to the floor in disgust.
Grant plans to locate the new club in the downtown area, possibly at one of the senior centers.
Grant plays a pal of the playboy.
Grant plays against type and gives a marvelous performance as a very arch and very nasty queen.
Grant plays the man mistaken for someone else, leading to intrigue and danger.
Grant plays the owner of a very unsuccessful travel bookstore.
Grant plays the weak-side linebacker.
Grant plays up front.
Grant proceeds greatly assist in local government service delivery.
Grant proposes welfare be completely replaced by complex systems of voluntary charity.
Grant provides money for purchase of law enforcement vessels, motors, and trailers.
Grant provides services to postgraduate students.
Grant pulls away abruptly and stands.
Grant quirks a brow.
Grant raises a brow.
Grant recalls of that cold shoulder treatment.
Grant recipients names and project titles are available by following the links above.
Grant recounts the events of the wedding night while Dorian eavesdrops.
Grant reluctantly accompanies a couple on an aerial tour of the dinosaurs' breeding ground.
Grant remarks that the herd turns in unison like a flock of birds avoiding a predator.
Grant returns the grin faintly.
Grant returns the kiss lazily.
Grant returns the kiss with some affection.
Grant returns to the ring after a several month layoff that included a slight case of Hepatitis.
Grant ride over all friendship than implied trails.
Grant rounds that are currently accepting applications.
Grant seem to have many nice steering wheels, but if they all come out like mind did, they suck.
Grant sleeps all night.
Grant slouches a little further with conscious insouciance.
Grant snorts eloquently.
Grant snorts quietly.
Grant sounds a little more awake now.
Grant specializes in business, employment, real estate, wills and trusts.
Grant spins a tense and unforgettable tale that builds to a wonderfully chilling end.
Grant sprawls on the battered couch, flipping desultorily through the newspaper.
Grant stands alone in another way.
Grant starts, wincing just perceptibly.
Grant still offers a kit number.
Grant suggests alternating between dorm food and going out.
Grant supports research and professional development in writing program administration.
Grant supports women s health initiative.
Grant suspects that the raptors are interested in the ship for a specific purpose.
Grant swings back around.
Grant takes as arguments a request and a time.
Grant takes in a breath.
Grant takes in a short, swift breath, and lets it out again, glancing briefly into a vacant corner.
Grant takes in a slow breath.
Grant takes pride in a skilled and dedicated teaching staff committed to excellence.
Grant takes to playing a bastard.
Grant teaches a range of literature, religion and culture courses.
Grant traces the evolution of the major powers after the end of the second world war.
Grant travels frequently, playing all over the world.
Grant turns away.
Grant turns, leaning against the doorframe with an expression bordering on manic.
Grant uses fewer keystrokes to establish a mood than seems possible.
Grant uses weed, a.k.a. marijuana.
Grant wishes and use alchemy spells.
Grant wishes for critically or terminally ill children.
Grant works on unraveling the upholstery.
Grants add prestige to productions.
Grants allow doctoral candidates to conduct research in field settings away from the home campus.
Grants allow teachers to purchase specialized devices and software for their students.
Grants also are available for development fees, including construction plan reviews and permitting.
Grants also cover the cost of instrumental lessons.
Grants also fund educational programs that promote race, ethnic, class, and gender equity.
Grants also support fellowships offered through independent research centers and institutions.
Grants also support projects that improve teaching.
Grants apply exclusively to tuition charges.
Grants are a combination of state and federal funds directed to state boating programs.
Grants are a few thousand FIM and application is in autumn.
Grants are a little bit like prostitution to call it mildly.
Grants are a major tool for the improving of education.
Grants are a more appropriate funding vehicle in the latter instance.
Grants are above and beyond the customary birthright israel gift funding.
Grants are administered by state boating access agencies.
Grants are aid for which no payments are required.
Grants are allotment.
Grants are also an important consideration for incoming students.
Grants are also available for after-school homework centers.
Grants are also available for historians to work in the history of medicine or science.
Grants are also available for innovation in the processing and marketing of fish onshore.
Grants are also available for new and expanding industries.
Grants are also available for practicing sonographers.
Grants are also available for Predevelopment projects.
Grants are also available for traveling abroad for faculty seminars or hosting guest lecturers.
Grants are also available for undergraduate students.
Grants are also available from businesses and organizations.
Grants are also available in the performing arts.
Grants are also available to cover design fees and building commissioning.
Grants are also available to farmers and ranchers.
Grants are also available to fund relevant science promotion activities.
Grants are also available to help companies to set up in an Assisted Area.
Grants are also available to help with start up, travel or project costs.
Grants are also available to institutions and organizations for historical records projects.
Grants are also available to make housing accessible to persons with disabilities.
Grants are also available to part-time students enrolled for at least six credits.
Grants are also available towards the cost of equipment, premises and other once-off items.
Grants are also limited to available funding.
Grants are also limited to fixed amounts of ECUs per job created and maintained.
Grants are always contingent upon the availability of funds.
Grants are an important component of a financially healthy organization's funding.
Grants are an integral part of our school year.
Grants are an investment in an improved future.
Grants are another possibility.
Grants are assessable income for taxation purposes.
Grants are available annually.
Grants are available for a maximum of one year and a minimum of two months of summer study.
Grants are available for a one-year period with a possible continuation for three additional years.
Grants are available for a training program leading to either a masters or doctoral degree.
Grants are available for a wide spectrum of action research projects.
Grants are available for accepted research proposals.
Grants are available for all disciplines.
Grants are available for all types of dance.
Grants are available for any three or four years of undergraduate work.
Grants are available for artist's unique opportunities.
Grants are available for basic scientific brain tumor research conducted in the United States.
Grants are available for both individuals and institutions.
Grants are available for both individuals and organizations.
Grants are available for both undergraduate and graduate studies.
Grants are available for doctoral students and faculty to conduct research abroad.
Grants are available for educational events promoting environmentally-friendly farm practices.
Grants are available for either general operating support or project support.
Grants are available for eligible applicants.
Grants are available for eligible participants.
Grants are available for freshmen through seniors for semester, summer, and academic year.
Grants are available for humanities and social science disciplines only.
Grants are available for improvements to water, sewer, natural gas and rail lines.
Grants are available for improving operations as well as addressing safety and soundness issues.
Grants are available for individual or joint projects.
Grants are available for international students who choose to attend our summer school sessions.
Grants are available for literacy, employment and self-sufficiency training for adults.
Grants are available for living expenses and as compensation for lost summer income.
Grants are available for local governments to do infrastructure projects.
Grants are available for lower-income communities.
Grants are available for low-income families.
Grants are available for much of the restoration work needed as the result of dam removal.
Grants are available for new industry or expansion of existing industry.
Grants are available for one academic year.
Grants are available for one year terms.
Grants are available for only eight full-time semesters.
Grants are available for periods of three to seven months.
Grants are available for program startup, expansion, and organizational effectiveness.
Grants are available for qualified applicants.
Grants are available for renovation and minor works for households with low income.
Grants are available for single radio productions or series.
Grants are available for site surveys, small-scale site preparation, and environmental studies.
Grants are available for specific events and activities.
Grants are available for students.
Grants are available for study or research.
Grants are available for summer jobs in New York City and Chicago.
Grants are available for summer, as well as for the regular academic quarters.
Grants are available for the organisation of summer schools, workshops and for exchanges.
Grants are available for trucks and buses to convert to gas .
Grants are available for up to one year.
Grants are available for visits from a few days to one month in duration.
Grants are available from a variety of New York State agencies, depending upon the issue involved.
Grants are available from both federal and state sources.
Grants are available from District, federal, and private sources.
Grants are available in a number of African countries and academic disciplines.
Grants are available in a number of countries and academic disciplines.
Grants are available in a variety of ways.
Grants are available in all fields of study, except clinical medicine.
Grants are available in Europe to applicants working in all European countries.
Grants are available in some areas.
Grants are available in the following categories.
Grants are available on a competitive proposal basis to assist student research.
Grants are available on a first-come, first serve basis.
Grants are available only in specified service areas.
Grants are available only to nonprofits or political subdivisions.
Grants are available through local marketing departments and district and store managers.
Grants are available through the federal government, state agencies and colleges.
Grants are available through the federal government, state agencies, and educational institutions.
Grants are available through the government, state agencies and colleges.
Grants are available through the program to groups to remove the trash from additional sites.
Grants are available to all eligible persons throughout the community.
Grants are available to all municipalities to establish recycling programs.
Grants are available to all students who qualify, regardless of their enrollment status.
Grants are available to any county to develop a comprehensive county water supply program.
Grants are available to clergy to assist with attendance at various educational opportunities.
Grants are available to cover fees, maintenance and, where applicable, support for dependants.
Grants are available to cover students' travel and accommodation.
Grants are available to eligible applicants to acquire buses to provide such services.
Grants are available to enable projects in process or to complete projects in final stages.
Grants are available to enable students to conduct research.
Grants are available to encourage the attendance of young researchers from all regions of Europe.
Grants are available to fund modernization assessments and implementation projects.
Grants are available to fund projects in either their first or second year of study and action.
Grants are available to fund worksite health promotion.
Grants are available to graduate students and postdoctoral researchers living in the United States.
Grants are available to greatly reduce the cost associated with state and national competitions.
Grants are available to groups and individuals who organise neighbourly events for the week.
Grants are available to groups in towns where there are hazardous waste Superfund sites.
Grants are available to help cover selected project expenses.
Grants are available to help individuals or teams.
Grants are available to help offset practicum expenses.
Grants are available to help pay the costs of other aviation related activities.
Grants are available to individuals for projects of exceptional merit that provide a public service.
Grants are available to investigate the management and utilization of biomedical information.
Grants are available to members of the academic council.
Grants are available to modernize water treatment and pumping facilities.
Grants are available to national voluntary organisations for community education.
Grants are available to nonprofit organizations within the United States.
Grants are available to non-profit organizations.
Grants are available to programs providing services to preschool children with disabilities.
Grants are available to qualified home owners to minimize lead paint hazards.
Grants are available to qualified students accepting unpaid positions.
Grants are available to research at all levels of graduate work.
Grants are available to start school any term.
Grants are available to states for education projects at reserves.
Grants are available to students pursuing their first baccalaureate degrees.
Grants are available to support a school's project costs.
Grants are available to undergraduate and graduate students.
Grants are available to undergraduate students only.
Grants are available to very low-income students only.
Grants are available up to a max.
Grants are available, contact organization for details.
Grants are available, on a competitive basis, to any group wishing to provide such assistance.
Grants are available.
Grants are competitive across the state.
Grants are competitive, especially for the famous ones.
Grants are competitive.
Grants are contingent upon availability of funds.
Grants are contingent upon the execution of a grant agreement.
Grants are difficult to obtain.
Grants are discretionary.
Grants are essential money because public radio usually pays by the minute of actual air time.
Grants are far from free.
Grants are few and far between.
Grants are financial aid.
Grants are financial gifts.
Grants are for college and university students, qualified individuals and organizations.
Grants are for exploration of sources and general feasibility of a proposed topic.
Grants are for fall and spring semesters, as well as summer sessions.
Grants are for general operating support.
Grants are for one semester or the full academic year.
Grants are for one semester period.
Grants are for one year and with successful re-competition can be renewed.
Grants are for one year at a time.
Grants are for one year from the start date of the award.
Grants are for one year only, and renewals are rare.
Grants are for one year only.
Grants are for one year with the option of one additional competing renewal.
Grants are for one year.
Grants are for one-year and are available annually.
Grants are for perennials, trees, shrubs, soil, mulch and other plant material.
Grants are for programs which serve students either before they go to Israel or when they return.
Grants are for public bodies only.
Grants are for research and travel in Eastern Europe and the states of the former Soviet Union.
Grants are for research only.
Grants are for specific programs and for general operating support.
Grants are for specific projects.
Grants are for ten months.
Grants are for the purposes specified by law.
Grants are for the truly needy.
Grants are for three years.
Grants are for travel and accommodation only.
Grants are free money for students.
Grants are funded through unclaimed capital credits at no cost to the cooperative.
Grants are funds that are given to non-profit organizations for community projects.
Grants are generally for a one-year period, and there are no automatic renewals.
Grants are generally for one to three years.
Grants are generally for one year's duration.
Grants are generally for park, recreation and resources related projects.
Grants are generally in the low six figures annually.
Grants are generally to be expended within one year, without expectation of further support.
Grants are gift assistance usually based on academic achievement.
Grants are gifts of money.
Grants are gifts.
Grants are given and received to help foster new conservation programs and to fund research.
Grants are highly competitive.
Grants are in place to offset about two-thirds of the cost for the new position.
Grants are in the form of modernization agreements.
Grants are in the form of reimbursement for travel expenses.
Grants are just one option.
Grants are large grants that support several projects and investigators, sharing a common theme.
Grants are less but the number of external dollars has increased.
Grants are limited and are offered on a first come-first serve basis.
Grants are limited to building projects and purchase of major medical equipment.
Grants are limited to education-related projects which impact the citizens of Ohio.
Grants are limited to Maryland, with a focus on Baltimore.
Grants are limited to New York City, except for international affairs.
Grants are limited to non-capital expenditures.
Grants are limited to on-site waste disposal systems or sewer or water taps.
Grants are limited to organizations serving low to moderate income neighborhoods.
Grants are limited to specified charities in metropolitan Atlanta, Georgia.
Grants are limited to specified public charities in Georgia and Virginia.
Grants are limited to specified public charities in metropolitan Atlanta.
Grants are limited to students who are enrolled at least half time in a degree-seeking program.
Grants are limited to tax-exempt organizations.
Grants are limited to the greater Greensboro area.
Grants are limited to vision-related services provided exclusively in the United States.
Grants are limited.
Grants are mandatory in certain circumstances for essential adaptations.
Grants are more generous for locating in rural areas.
Grants are much easier to administer using the new system.
Grants are national in scope and concentrate on achieving long-term results.
Grants are no longer available to support summer stipends.
Grants are no longer available.
Grants are nonrenewable.
Grants are non-renewable.
Grants are non-transferable.
Grants are normally available for up to five years.
Grants are normally for one-year projects but proposals can be submitted to extend the funding.
Grants are normally non-renewable.
Grants are norms.
Grants are now available.
Grants are offered for periods of up to four weeks.
Grants are often available through foundations, corporations, and governmental entities.
Grants are often contingent upon collaboratively developed proposals.
Grants are often federal or federal flow-through dollars.
Grants are often renewable.
Grants are only available for participants attending BOTH weeks of the school.
Grants are only available for some limited allowances, such as single-parent or disabled students.
Grants are only available to Dutch students.
Grants are only available to fulltime students.
Grants are only for repairs that remove health and safety hazards.
Grants are only one type of financial assistance available through the federal government.
Grants are only to restore damage from acts of vandalism.
Grants are open to private, non-profit organizations.
Grants are open to public inspection.
Grants are open to scholars and students in all fields.
Grants are open to scholars from all countries regardless of race or religious affiliation.
Grants are open to university and community-based programs and collaborative initiatives.
Grants are outright gifts of money.
Grants are outright gifts to students.
Grants are payable to summer term students, provided funds are available.
Grants are payable upon satisfactory completion of selected projects.
Grants are performance-based with costs reimbursed upon successful completion of a training program.
Grants are perhaps the best type of financial aid that there is.
Grants are primarily in the arts, humanities, and social sciences.
Grants are primary funding source for the nonprofit group.
Grants are privileges given out by owners of objects, allowing other users to work with their data.
Grants are reimbursable.
Grants are renewable and include a stipend, along with limited research and travel allowances.
Grants are renewable annually based upon satisfactory academic progress and continued eligibility.
Grants are renewable for an additional four years based upon the results of the initial grant.
Grants are renewable for up to four years if eligibility requirements are maintained.
Grants are renewable for up to four years of support towards any one degree.
Grants are renewable if the student maintains a full course load and satisfactory progress.
Grants are renewable if the student maintains satisfactory academic progress.
Grants are renewable on a quarterly basis.
Grants are renewable on an annual basis for up to three years of research.
Grants are renewable.
Grants are restrictive.
Grants are rights.
Grants are seed money for pilot projects.
Grants are similar to cooperative agreements.
Grants are simply a specific type of contract.
Grants are still available for travel to Israel.
Grants are subject to appropriation of funds.
Grants are subject to availability of funds.
Grants are subject to conditions and performance expectation.
Grants are subject to the availability of funds.
Grants are successful because they are innovative, cutting-edge and exciting.
Grants are tenable for three to five months during the academic year.
Grants are the most commonly used type of sponsored agreement.
Grants are the rarest and least important source.
Grants are therefore available for people unable to afford the full fee.
Grants are tighter, publishing is harder, and bureaucratic layers seem thicker.
Grants are to be awarded for quality improvements beyond basic licensing standards.
Grants are to be awarded in two stages.
Grants are to be filed during the summer.
Grants are to be made on the terms and conditions set out in an inter-government housing agreement.
Grants are to be used for arts activities and development.
Grants are to be used for curriculum-based applications.
Grants are to improve existing home and community-based care systems.
Grants are to provide funds for summer research, which is a time of high productivity.
Grants are to support formal library science courses.
Grants are towards the cost of clothing, bedding washing machines, fridges etc.
Grants are trophies in our reputation rooms, evidence of our intellectual prowess.
Grants are typically for three years assuming satisfactory progress towards objectives.
Grants are usually for a one-year period.
Grants are usually for four years.
Grants are usually for one year with a possibility of renewal.
Grants are usually from federal, state, local, foundation, or corporate entities.
Grants are usually renewable once.
Grants are very important.
Grants arise from foundations, endowments, nonprofits, and charities.
Grants awarded are available for two years.
Grants awarded on a competitive basis also pose obstacles for many rural school districts.
Grants benefit both students and faculty.
Grants blanket extension of time to entrymen who got water late.
Grants buy most of the resources.
Grants can also be a resource for technology.
Grants can be a godsend to solve financial shortcomings.
Grants can be for appropriate staff to attend one or more training programs or workshops.
Grants can be for more than one year.
Grants can be multi-year in duration.
Grants can be significant.
Grants can be time-limited, and some are for two or three years.
Grants can come from the college, the state, or the federal government.
Grants can establish or expand community technology centers.
Grants can extend four years.
Grants can originate from the federal or state government or the college itself.
Grants can provide funds for networking and communication.
Grants can represent a very substantial revenue enhancement for the District.
Grants can vary in size from fifty pounds to one hundred thousand or more.
Grants carry a program cost share requirement.
Grants Check out the page on grants.
Grants come assigned with a mixed system of social and academic criteria.
Grants come from the state and federal level and from private foundations.
Grants come from various sources including the federal government, state agencies and schools.
Grants come in a variety of types.
Grants come in large amounts.
Grants come in the form of fellowships, teaching assistantships, and research assistantships.
Grants come with conditions.
Grants consist of a stipend, board, and funds for research participation.
Grants Continue the action, planning, and demonstration grants program.
Grants continue to help maintain the program.
Grants cover all expenses during the fellowship project.
Grants cover basic hardware and software only.
Grants cover core or project costs of local and national groups.
Grants cover core recurrent activities and upgrading and development of new facilities.
Grants cover direct and indirect costs.
Grants cover full tuition, room, and board.
Grants cover hardware costs only.
Grants cover interlibrary loan fees.
Grants cover merely return air passage and a tiny sum more.
Grants cover most transportation, living and educational expenses.
Grants cover per diem, airfare, hotel expenses, and medical insurance.
Grants cover periods of up to eighteen months.
Grants cover registration costs at either the Annual Meeting or Workshops.
Grants cover return air fare and a small further sum.
Grants cover return air passage and a tiny sum more.
Grants cover round trip airfare and in-country expenses.
Grants cover the costs of organisation and dissemination.
Grants cover the marginal cost of alternative-fuel vehicles.
Grants cover the registration cost for the Annual Meeting.
Grants cover travel, living costs and tuition at overseas universities.
Grants cover tuition, fees and travel and include a stipend.
Grants cover tuition, fees, stipends for trainees, and release time for MARC faculty.
Grants cover weekly stipends, travel, room, and board.
Grants covering tuition and expenses are available for applicants from certain geographic regions.
Grants defray the costs of curriculum development, supplies, and teacher training.
Grants Describes a variety of grants offered by agencies of the federal government.
Grants differ from gifts.
Grants dry up.
Grants enable candidates to accumulate the preliminary data necessary to apply for major support.
Grants enable institutions to target humanities needs efficiently.
Grants encourage large-scale development projects.
Grants exist for the investigation of dysplasias and the role of integrins in head and neck cancer.
Grants fall into two categories.
Grants Find out about our recent recipients or how to apply.
Grants focus on education reform from kindergarten to high school, college, and Ph.D. studies.
Grants focus on problems that can t be resolved with current technology, products, or training.
Grants focus on the cities of Philadelphia and Chester, Pennsylvania and Wilmington, Delaware.
Grants focus on the formulation and evaluation of policy options for policy makers.
Grants fund most of the projects.
Grants generally are limited to tax-exempt public charities located and operating in Georgia.
Grants generally require the college to perform a service.
Grants generally support the purchase of books and some computer hardware and software.
Grants give artists a period of grace to develop and become who they want to be as artists.
Grants go primarily to organizations that are national in scope.
Grants go to organizing and economic development projects controlled by the poor themselves.
Grants go to states.
Grants have a stated award period that outlines when work is to be completed.
Grants have more impact on local economies than roads.
Grants have population and income limits based on where the project is located.
Grants help a lot.
Grants help develop and expand family literacy efforts.
Grants help med schools promote more primary care MDs.
Grants help pay the salaries and benefits of each new officer for three years.
Grants help provide special classes.
Grants increase a school s reputation as hardworking and lively.
Grants increase as institutions advanced throughout competition.
Grants involve funds awarded for the specific purpose proposed in the grant proposal.
Grants is located at the base of Mount Taylor and is surrounded by beautiful mesas.
Grants is located in northwest New Mexico - the heart of American Indian country.
Grants is now available.
Grants is steeped in history.
Grants is the county seat.
Grants is the major population center.
Grants leading to book-length manuscripts have higher funding limits.
Grants licenses to, and investigates complaints against, doctors and other health care providers.
Grants made by corporations and foundations are usually for a short time period.
Grants now fund several major initiatives.
Grants offer a unique way of financing such research and programs.
Grants only go so far.
Grants pay for the majority of recycling services.
Grants pays particular attention to warnings.
Grants play a vital role in stretching the budget to update and add equipment.
Grants promote savings and financial education resulting in affordable housing, better health care.
Grants promote the exchange of students and faculty with German institutions of higher learning.
Grants provide financial assistance.
Grants provide for one to four months research in Mongolia.
Grants provide funding for promising prospective clinical projects.
Grants provide incentive for the institution to do more for the library.
Grants provide seed money that enable partners to pool resources and carry out projects.
Grants provide some support for students' research, such as for equipment or travel.
Grants provide support for consultants and occasionally for lawsuits.
Grants provide the new rigs and equipment, but there is no such animal for salary support.
Grants provide travel to and within Europe and living and research costs abroad.
Grants provide tuition and fees and a stipend.
Grants range from local to national and very modest to quite large.
Grants range from one to nine months.
Grants range from one to three years and the subject areas vary.
Grants range from several hundred to several thousand dollars.
Grants range from three months to one year.
Grants range from three to nine months in duration.
Grants range in amount from several hundred to several thousand dollars.
Grants range in duration from one to nine months.
Grants range in duration from one to six months.
Grants range in size from a few hundred dollars to a maximum of ten thousand dollars.
Grants re social and credit counselling services, etc.
Grants refers to money provided for research, development or other projects.
Grants register .
Grants represent a project support means, and contracts represent a procurement process.
Grants representing payment for services are wages for withholding purposes.
Grants require cooperation between two or more units on campus and a campus match.
Grants require no repayment or work obligation.
Grants require no repayment.
Grants require repayment if property is sold within three years.
Grants require that matching funds be raised by the applicant organization.
Grants require that the applicant responds to the agency's priorities for the particular year.
Grants require wider hold lines where appropriate.
Grants See a separate page .
Grants See Section V D above.
Grants seek to encourage charity innovation on the Web.
Grants seem to be most available when several organizations or churches work together.
Grants serve as a good source of alternative funding.
Grants serve many purposes.
Grants sound like a great idea.
Grants support basic pharmacology research.
Grants support basic, clinical and behavioral research projects in all fields related to health.
Grants support creative work in many academic disciplines and professions.
Grants support critical thinking initiatives, teaching in ethnically diverse environments.
Grants support fees for the composer and ensemble members who rehearse and perform the new work.
Grants support health care and medical research as well as education and social responsibilities.
Grants support in-country research, exchange of faculty and students.
Grants support individuals for international travel, living expenses, interpreters' fees, misc.
Grants support professional development, graduate studies, and action research.
Grants support research in astronomy.
Grants support research in clinical or basic pharmacology.
Grants support summer seminars and national institutes.
Grants support the design, testing and production of digital materials.
Grants support the travel and living expenses of the expert while visiting the foreign institution.
Grants take the form of vouchers for art supplies.
Grants take time, and there was over a million dollars to allocate.
Grants take two general forms.
Grants There are sources of grant monies within the State to help develop Arkansas industries.
Grants typically go to health-related projects, from literacy promotion to violence prevention.
Grants typically range from three months to one year.
Grants typically require a contract document and authorized signature before the grant takes effect.
Grants users the right to purchase real property of the district to the extent of their use.
Grants vary according to funds available.
Grants vary based on enrollment.
Grants vary based on New Jersey eligibility index.
Grants vary by the individual job.
Grants vary depending on the country but usually cover all expenses.
Grants vary in amounts and are awarded by each coach.
Grants vary in size and can be used towards family holidays with or without the disabled child.
Grants View the separate Grants Downloads page.
Grants Visit our collection of links to grant offerings in or relavent to the field of Pharmacy.
Grants frequently benefit women, minorities, and rural concerns.
Grants often go to families with lower incomes.
Grants often require a large amount of administrative and fiscal support.
Grants usually cover air travel and a portion of other costs.
Grants usually extend for one year.
Grants usually have to be administered by people at the school that receives the money.
Grants usually require receipts of expenditures.
Grants usually start the following summer or fall.
All grant amounts in U.S. dollars except where noted.
All grants are competitive and are funded on a three year cycle.
All grants are competitive and subject to available funds.
All grants are competitive.
All grants are contingent upon availability of federal funds.
All grants are contingent upon availability of funds.
All grants are dependent upon availability of federal funds.
All grants are for a fortnight.
All grants are for once only funding.
All grants are for one year only.
All grants are subject to appropriation.
All grants are subject to approval.
All grants are subject to the normal regulations governing the use of state funds.
All grants are tax deductible.
All grants are time limited subject to annual review.
All grants are to be directed by faculty-student teams.
All grants are to be double spaced.
All grants are to be used to cover research expenses.
All grants awarded for research projects have a specific timeline and an expiration date.
All grants focus on training and field service to help strengthen the organization.
All grants go directly to the home heating supplier.
All grants have criteria which address issues of equity.
All grants have the same basic format, but each is different.
All grants included in the database carry application deadlines up to six months ahead.
All grants involve time and energy, with no assurance of success.
All grants require a certain amount of reporting and record keeping.
All grants require a full description of any matching funds.
All grants require a variety of reports.
All grants require matching funds.
All grants require some type of report to the funding agency at the end of the grant period.
All grants require strict compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in the grant.
All grants require that the applicant contribute a percentage of the total requested amount.
Every grant is unique.
Many grants allow for indirect cost allocations.
Many grants are restricted to the operating expenses of a shelter and prohibit capital expenditures.
Many grants ask for letters of support, another process that can take many days to complete.
Many grants do look and feel like contracts, and vice versa.
Many grants involve collaboration with researchers at other institutions.
Many grants provide a stipend for the teachers.
Many grants require a local match.
Many grants require matching funds.
Many grants require the seeking entity to have a budget and resources of a certain size.
Many grants run for several years.
Many grants support direct food assistance through food banks and food rescue programs.
More grants remain to be awarded.
Most grant represent efforts to respond to issues of broad concern for higher education.
Most grants are for a finite time.
Most grants are for a full academic year and begin in the autumn.
Most grants are for one academic year of study or research.
Most grants are for six months.
Most grants are for twelve months.
Most grants are lower.
Most grants are one-time awards.
Most grants consist of six sections.
Most grants cover periods varying between two months and a full academic year.
Most grants go to hunger programs.
Most grants have deadlines, so request an application well in advance.
Most grants issued by Tennessee are for land in West Tennessee.
Most grants listed require no nomination or endorsement to enter college-level competition.
Most grants offer a stipend, living expenses, and travel expenses to visiting scholars.
Most grants offered are in the fine arts or performing arts.
Most grants provide seed money only.
Most grants require a contribution from the community served.
Most grants require financial and technical reporting.
Most grants require institutional signatures and are handled by a specific process.
Most grants require some local matching funds.
Most grants require the following budget information.
Some grants are also available for equipment.
Some grants are available for alumnae living in certain communities.
Some grants are available to further reduce costs.
Some grants are available to meet a disabled person.
Some grants are available.
Some grants are for funding facility-related components.
Some grants are fully repayable.
Some grants are in the hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Some grants are offered on a first come first served basis, so apply early.
Some grants are relatively simple to obtain while others are very competitive.
Some grants are so specific.
Some grants are typical investigator initiated grants to one of the three funding councils.
Some grants come with special privileges or obligations.
Some grants comprise more than one objective.
Some grants contain scholarships that target minority groups.
Some grants even call for business plans.
Some grants follow an open application process under published guidelines.
Some grants have additional requirements.
Some grants have legal restrictions that affect how the grant funds can be used.
Some grants pay for food.
Some grants provide completion money, others, startup funds.
Some grants require additional applications.
Some grants require an abstract preceding the proposal narrative.
Some grants require departmental nomination.
Some grants require matching funds.
Some grants require special financial reporting.
Some grants require that participants come from within the limits of a particular city or town.
Some grants require that the recipient obtain matching funds from the institution or another donor.
Some grants restrict on- line ordering .
Some grants support special projects.
A grantee is an acquirer
Grantee completes work and produces final project report.
Grantees also have the option of renting both a reasonably priced house and automobile on campus.
Grantees are almost always public corporations or governmental agencies.
Grantees are also at different stages in their careers, from assistant to senior curators.
Grantees are also free to publish their findings in accordance with normal research practice.
Grantees are exempt from tuition, except at some art schools.
Grantees are free to distribute additional copies to public libraries in Germany and Israel.
Grantees are free to publish work produced during the grant tenure at any time.
Grantees are free to speak their minds about the issues.
Grantees are in the very earliest stages of implementation.
Grantees are likely to spend even more WtW funds on child care services.
Grantees are only moderately optimistic about employer demand for WtW participants.
Grantees are responsible for accomplishing the objectives of their grants.
Grantees are responsible for conducting a systematic evaluation of their project.
Grantees are responsible for maintaining cash management standards.
Grantees are responsible for making their own travel arrangements.
Grantees are responsible for requesting the continuation form from the foundation's offices.
Grantees are responsible for returning unused funds.
Grantees arrange health care and other services at regular locations on a regular schedule.
Grantees assist the instructors and support the studio process.
Grantees can also provide weatherization assistance if they opt to do so.
Grantees can choose one or more consultants for up to ten hours of consultation.
Grantees can determine the maximum number of communities.
Grantees can sharpen their skills by helping one another.
Grantees can use up to five percent of the allocation for administering the grant.
Grantees contribute significantly to professional and cultural exchange of knowledge.
Grantees coordinate their own program-usually with several artists in several schools.
Grantees desire to sell the same at and for the best price of any bona fide offer.
Grantees develop training programs and materials that they make available to small businesses.
Grantees draw down funds electronically as needed.
Grantees emphasize unsubsidized jobs but set realistic placement goals.
Grantees engage in organizing and advocacy work, as well as constituency building.
Grantees find their own student employees.
Grantees have important, often urgent, work to do.
Grantees have much flexibility in approaches to meeting the evaluation requirements.
Grantees have some flexibility in selecting a start-up date for their grant period.
Grantees have up to three years to spend the funds.
Grantees have up to twelve months from the date of award notice to fulfill grant responsibilities.
Grantees plan their own programs.
Grantees provide transportation services that enable seniors to maintain mobility and independence.
Grantees receive a customized form with their grant agreement.
Grantees receive a report form with their grant check.
Grantees receive funds monthly through a request for advance or reimbursement.
Grantees receive rent and utility free housing during their stay.
Grantees receive up to two years of funding for master's level or doctoral-level studies.
Grantees receiving recognition are also highlighted.
Grantees relocate or replace needed facilities.
Grantees represent a wide range of scholarly endeavor.
Grantees retain all rights to the research and can publish research findings anywhere they wish.
Grantees select the start and end dates of their research project.
Grantees Select the start and end dates of their research project.
Grantees serve as agents to connect schools and employers.
Grantees use the funds to meet Wisconsin's high quality standards by becoming accredited.
Grantees use their own budgets to send one or more of their key staff.
Grantees vary in their knowledge of brownfields issues.
Grantees often have to go back and make adjustments to accounts.
Grantees usually have dependents in the form of unemployed sons, daughters and grand children.
Grantees usually plan own program.
Grantees usually plan their own programs.
All grantees are subject to the provision of the Single Audit Act.
All grantees receive a stipend for utilities and a subsistence allowance.
Every grantee is assigned a budget for expenses only.
Many grantees also struggle to keep their budgets in the black.
Many grantees are consortia or collaborative associations involving two or more organizations.
Most grantees plan their own programs of study.
Most grantees plan their own programs.
Some grantees are state associations of non-profit organizations.
Some grantees draw every day to minimize cash on hand.
Some grantees provide support for undergraduates from other institutions.
Granting money is gift giving.
A grantor is a person
Grantor issues a grant award.
Grantors are people too, and their lives are devoted to providing effective, constructive grants.
Grantors can name themselves as trustees if they wish.
Grantors like to see leadership in an organization when funding programs.
Grantors own shares of stock in a cooperative apartment building.
Grantors scrutinize costs carefully, and the federal government checks grant monies as well.
Many grantors allow matching fund periods prior to periods of award.
Many grantors give to their local areas.
Many grantors offer goods rather than money.
Most grantors require matching funds, which usually can include in-kind gifts.
Some grantors also require a brief description of the project.
Grants administration is similar in the private sector.
Grants applications is quite a specialised activity.
Grants writing can serve a similar purpose.
Granular cells contain many small granules in the cytoplasm or the central vacuole.
Granular combinations are more flexible in containing a wider range of minerals.
Granular fertilizers are easier to apply evenly to lawns and require less time.
Granular fertilizers are more traditional and are available in numerous formulations.
Granular fertilizers are the most puzzling for most home gardeners.
Granular fertilizers deliver food to a plant slowly but have the advantage of longevity.
Most granular foods sink very fast and are best for bottom dwellers.
Granular forms are the more traditional type of detergent, and it is still the most popular.
Granular formulations are intended for direct application without further dilution.
Granular formulations filter down through the foliage and bring more effective control.
Granular grade can also be direct-applied.
Granular grade is ideal for bulk blends and can be direct applied.
Granular material is filled into the space between cyinders and air-fluidized from below.
Granular materials are different from both fluids and solids.
Granular materials are ubiquitous in nature, industrial processing and everyday life.
Granular materials remain and react close to the area where placed.
Granular matter flows like fluid, but do so in remarkably different way from fluid.
Granular security allows tailored control operator access.
Granular soil has no cohesive strength.
Granular stratification is one type of size segregation induced by surface flows.
Granular texture hardens with age.
Granular texture is contrasted with crystalline texture.
Many granular weedkillers are also available that kill weeds while feeding the lawn.
Granularity is a key advantage when considering issues such as workflow, worker roles and security.
Granularity is an important concern in a modular document design.
Granularity is dependent on the system's timer granularity.
Granularity is important.
Granularity is indeed a key issue.
Granularity is roughness
Granularity is system-dependent.
Granularity is the king of objective grain measurements.
Granularity provides hosting as well as development support for stlwebdev.
Granulate cutworms feed primarily at night on plant foliage, pegs, and pods.
Some granulate sugar produces smoke.
Granulated honey is still perfectly good for eating.
Granulated insecticides help when broadcast in mulched areas, soil or turf surrounding buildings.
Granulated sugar has small granules and is the one most often used in recipes.
Granulated sugar is also available in cubes or tablets.
Granulated sugar is an exception.
Granulated sugar is best for making muffins.
Granulated sugar is sugar
Granulated sugar is sugar.
Granulated sugar is the most used sugar in making candy.
Granulated sugar Stir together the flour and spices in a large bowl.
Granulated sugars have no variations any longer.
Granulation tissue has a clean appearance due to collagen and new blood vessel formation.
Granulation tissue invades the incision space.
Granulation tissue is a normal defense reaction of the body to in injury.
Granulation tissue is a protection against the invasion of bacteria.
Granulation tissue is a red-based type tissue which means that new cells are coming into the area.
Granulation tissue is also present in air spaces or bronchioles.
Granulation tissue is apparent within the intratrabecular spaces.
Granulation tissue is composed of small blood vessels and fibroblasts, but has no nerve supply.
Granulation tissue is connective tissue
Granulation tissue is debrided.
Granulation tissue seems to play a bigger role in spread of the disease than does cholesteatoma.
All granulation tissue appears now to be removed.
Granulation involves applying tiny spheres of gold to a surface.
Granulation involves the formation of tiny beads of gold for decorative purposes.
Granulation is a process used to increase the size of powder particles.
Granulation is associated with large scale fluid motions at, and just below, the photosphere.
Granulation is connective tissue
Granulation is connective tissue.
Granulation is formations.
Granulation is nothing more than sugar turning to it's crystaline form.
Granulation is opposed to solid colours .
Granulation is seen by the mottled surface of the sun.
Granulation takes place on a larger scale through the chromosphere.
Granulations appear as minute white or pale red elevations.
Granulations are also nearly impossible to spot using solar projection methods.
Granule cells reside in the central aspect of the olfactory bulb, the internal cell layer.
Granule content includes lysozyme, collagenase, and lactoferrin.
Granule content is released from cells by diffusion or exocytosis.
More granule exposure means added richness in color.
Granule formation is typical.
Granule formulation is easy to use.
Granule names are case-sensitive.
Granule shapes are long with holes.
A granule is grain
Granules accumulate in an area devoid of vegetation.
Granules are a pleasant-tasting, concentrated way to supplement.
Granules are coarse formulations of dusts made for broadcast treatments.
Granules are dry, granulated materials that come ready to use.
Granules are grain.
Granules are indistinct.
Granules are pesticides formulated on large particles of various materials.
Granules are present in the tissue.
Granules are present within the cytoplasm.
Granules are regions of the sun where hot solar material comes to the solar surface.
Granules are rich in plant nutrients.
Granules are suitable in lawns and other areas subject to moisture or frequent watering.
Granules are the most abundant membrane bound organelle.
Granules are the most effective with the use of a liquid insecticide.
Granules are tiny balls or pellets on which the medication is impregnated.
Granules are usually more expensive than powder.
Granules are usually quicker and easier to apply.
Granules can fall through to the soil surface, without being intercepted by dead vegetation.
Granules come off shingles.
Granules contain an array of antimicrobial protein.
Granules contain histamine.
Granules disappear when decalcification processes are applied.
Granules dissolves rapidly and completely in spa water.
Granules likely drop into the whorl better than water based sprays.
Granules lost by erosion and freeze-thaw cycles increase the area of exposed bituminous surfaces.
Granules work best on a smooth flat surface with low stubble residue.
Granules often appearing on the surface are soredia.
Every granule is fitted to digest.
Most granules consists of one day of data.
A granulocyte is a corpuscle
Granulocytes are important mediators of the inflammatory response.
Granulocytes are leucocytes the with cytoplasmic granuals.
Granulocytes are leukocytes.
Granulocytes are often present.
Granulocytes are part of the innate immune system and have broad-based activity.
Granulocytes are released from the bone marrow .
Granulocytes are released from the bone marrow.
Granulocytes are the most numerous nucleus-containing cells in the blood.
Granulocytes are white blood cells that fight bacterial infections.
Granulocytes contain granules filled with toxic substances.
Granulocytes contain reservoirs that store toxic chemicals.
Granulocytes have a non-specific immune response.
Granulocytes have a short circulating half-life due to apoptosis.
Granulocytes inlcude the neutrophils, eosinophils, and basophils.
Granulocytic leukemia is cancer
Granulocytic leukemia is marked by an increase in white blood cells called granulocytes .
Granulocytic sarcoma is relatively common in domestic fowls but is rare in exotic birds.
Granuloma is a tumor
Granuloma is tumors.
Granulomas are absent.
Granulomas are groups of immune cells which are normally part of the body's defence system.
Granulomas collect in various organs of the body and can lead to chronic inflammation and scarring.
Granulomas tend to recur after surgical removal but respond to voice therapy.
Most granulomas are relatively small.
Granulomatous colitis is usually a slow progressing disease.
Granulomatous infiltration is the usual cause.
Granulomatous inflammation is present.
Granulomatous inflammation is uncommon in sporotrichosis.
Granulomatous lesions are often difficult to distinguish from neoplasms in some tissues.
Granulomatous lesions develop along the lymph channel, ulcerate, and drain.
Granulomatous responses appear to occur when excystment and gamont development occur.
A grape arbor is a bower
Grape arbors are easiest to maintain using cordon training.
Grape cultivars differ in their susceptibility to black rot.
Grape Island is a haven for wildlife, attracted in part by the wild berries that proliferate.
Grape Island is a haven for wildlife.
Some grape juice mixes with honey.
All grape varieties begin their yearly journey green in color.
Many grape varieties exist now that existed in the middle ages.
Most grape varieties are self-fertile.
Some grape varieties improve when blended.
Grape vines need sunlight.
Some grape vines have tendrils.
A grape is edible fruit
Grape isa matter.
Grapes also contain a fair amount of fiber.
Grapes also contain high amounts of quercetin.
Grapes also help in the stimulation of liver functions and also bile secretion.
Grapes also love our legendary rich, red soil.
Grapes appear to be unique among high-risk foods.
Grapes are a good choice for more experienced fruit smugglers.
Grapes are a great cleanser and help combat stress.
Grapes are a little different.
Grapes are a quick screen.
Grapes are a staple food for winter robins.
Grapes are a very good choice.
Grapes are a wonderful crop to grow in the backyard.
Grapes are a wonderful shade plant.
Grapes are adequately dry when they have a raisin-like texture and no moisture in the center.
Grapes are almost in bloom.
Grapes are also beneficial for the heart.
Grapes are also physically fragile and grow in clusters.
Grapes are an excellent fruit for fresh use or processing into jam, jelly, juice, pie, or wine.
Grapes are an exceptionally vigorous plant in our Northern Michigan soils.
Grapes are at bud break to full swell in southern areas and full to early swell in central areas.
Grapes are at bunch closing, a stage when berries within the cluster begin to touch.
Grapes are at cluster tightening.
Grapes are at late pink in the southwest.
Grapes are available all year round from both the northern and southern hemispheres.
Grapes are berries.
Grapes are berries.
Grapes are biodegradable.
Grapes are both estate-grown and bought in from ten local contract growers.
Grapes are deep-rooted.
Grapes are delectable unadorned.
Grapes are easy eating for kids, requiring no peeling or pitting or slicing.
Grapes are easy to choke on.
Grapes are easy to grow in any climate or type of soil that drains well.
Grapes are edible fruit.
Grapes are edibles.
Grapes are either sun-dried or dehydrated mechanically.
Grapes are especially potent.
Grapes are especially sensitive to drought.
Grapes are especially sensitive.
Grapes are extremely vigorous.
Grapes are fairly tolerant of soil fertility, pH and drought.
Grapes are gentler on the skin than lemon juice.
Grapes are good for constipation.
Grapes are great for snacking.
Grapes are great to pack in lunch boxes.
Grapes are green.
Grapes are in a family all their own.
Grapes are located in arbors.
Grapes are located in art.
Grapes are located in bowls.
Grapes are located in clusters.
Grapes are located in deserts.
Grapes are located in diets.
Grapes are located in farms.
Grapes are located in fields.
Grapes are located in food.
Grapes are located in fridges.
Grapes are located in fruit baskets.
Grapes are located in fruit.
Grapes are located in gardens.
Grapes are located in groceries.
Grapes are located in kitchens.
Grapes are located in lunch boxs.
Grapes are located in lunch.
Grapes are located in markets.
Grapes are located in mouths.
Grapes are located in paintings.
Grapes are located in picnic baskets.
Grapes are located in pictures.
Grapes are located in plates.
Grapes are located in press.
Grapes are located in restaurants.
Grapes are located in salad.
Grapes are located in seasons.
Grapes are located in shops.
Grapes are located in sunshine.
Grapes are located in wine countries.
Grapes are located in wine.
Grapes are located in wineries.
Grapes are mainly in sauces.
Grapes are mainly water that is given a flavor.
Grapes are mostly wind-pollinized.
Grapes are native to Kentucky and have been cultivated in the region for over a century.
Grapes are of medium size, slightly smaller than the seeded variety.
Grapes are one of the last plants to grow out of a landscape before desertification.
Grapes are one of the most valued conventional fruits worldwide.
Grapes are only second to apples in the history of the world.
Grapes are part of grapes.
Grapes are part of wine.
Grapes are perfect for draping over the side.
Grapes are purple, Elephants are gray.
Grapes are purple.
Grapes are ready for harvest when they develop the proper balance of sugar and acidity.
Grapes are red.
Grapes are ripe on the vine, walnuts, chestnuts and mushrooms can be picked by all.
Grapes are safe to eat.
Grapes are seasonal and exposed to air only for a brief time.
Grapes are self-fruitful.
Grapes are self-pollinating.
Grapes are smaller, with a richer, more intense flavor, experts say.
Grapes are tasty, but provide few vitamins or carotenoids.
Grapes are the best choice for fruiting vines.
Grapes are the best known vines that climb by tendrils.
Grapes are the exception.
Grapes are the major agricultural product, and clothing is the leading industrial product.
Grapes are the major product grown on the slopes and hills at the foot of the mountains.
Grapes are the same thing.
Grapes are too monotonous.
Grapes are used mainly for raisins and for the making of anisette.
Grapes are vines.
Grapes are white with some hints of rust on grape leaves.
Grapes are woody perennial vines.
Grapes arrive at the winery.
Grapes become raisins.
Grapes become sparkle wine.
Grapes become wine only when they have been squeezed.
Grapes become wine.
Grapes can be a choking hazard for small children.
Grapes can be toxic to dogs as well.
Grapes can propagate themselves by sending up sucker shoots from the roots.
Grapes can turn a humdrum dish into perfumey perfection.
Grapes change color before they are ripe.
Grapes change color several weeks before they reach maximum sweetness, so let the grapes hang.
Grapes change ordinary meat, seafood, and vegetable dishes to the extraordinary.
Grapes Collect the petioles or leaves adjacent to basal clusters at bloom.
Grapes come in different varieties.
Grapes concentrate high levels of sugars, which the yeast can ferment.
Grapes contain a phytochemical that appears to protect each cell's DNA from damage.
Grapes contain ellagic acid.
Grapes contain resveratrol, a phytochemical, that prevents cancer.
Grapes contain the soul of the wine.
Grapes do well on a variety of soils.
Grapes dry faster and maintain excellent quality.
Grapes dry out and give a nice tasty raisin.
Grapes drying on the vine can apparently withstand substantial rainfall without damage.
Grapes explains how to block a shot and encourages the kids to work on their backhand.
Grapes Follow the general instructions for time of day.
Grapes frozen in an ice ring are also a big hit with many of the animals.
Grapes grow all over the world in virtually any climate or soil type.
Grapes grow in abundance.
Grapes grow on vines.
Grapes grow well on a wide range of soil types, from loamy sands to clay loams.
Grapes growing the way they are mass-produced now almost look like a military formation.
Grapes grown in warm areas are often low in titratable acid.
Grapes hang luscious in the greenhouses, tomatoes on their vines.
Grapes have (part) peels.
Grapes have (part) sections.
Grapes have a nice one.
Grapes have acid.
Grapes have green color.
Grapes have growth.
Grapes have lateral growth.
Grapes have to be pressed to have juice, or wine.
Grapes have two primary acids tartic and malic.
Grapes helps prevent liver cancer.
Grapes is about myriad human dramas.
Grapes is really cool.
Grapes keep their fresh, plump quality longer than most fruits.
Grapes Leave whole, remove stems.
Grapes like to be planted on a slope to help keep air moving and to prevent frost from settling.
Grapes make a lot of the compound to defend against fungal infections.
Grapes make wine.
Grapes mature naturally, making addition of sugar unnecessary.
Grapes mature several days earlier in a number of areas, thus extending the season.
Grapes never lack for intensity.
Grapes Pruning grapes properly, so as to get maximum yield, is often a confusing issue.
Grapes Refrigerate in perforated bag.
Grapes require a larger quantity of potassium than tree fruits.
Grapes require a site with full sun and good air drainage.
Grapes require full sun, warmth and protection from winds.
Grapes require intensive maintenance at certain times of year.
Grapes require pruning every year during the winter dormant season in order to produce fruit.
Grapes require the most intensive training program.
Grapes says tough guys get no breaks from the refs.
Grapes seem to have a bright market outlook.
Grapes simply require more pruning than any other temperate fruit.
Grapes spread in the sun to become raisins.
Grapes taste like grapes.
Grapes thrive on a certain amount of neglect.
Grapes Use fully ripe, firm, sweet grapes.
All grapes are either estate-grown or from nearby vineyards in the southern end of the valley.
All grapes bear fruit at the base of new shoots coming from year-old canes.
All grapes have distinctive flavors in the field.
Many grapes hang on the vine, but the juice of grapes is mingled into oneness.
Many grapes sold in grocery stores today are seedless.
Most grapes become sparkle wine.
Most grapes become wine.
Most grapes have acid.
Most grapes have growth.
Most grapes have lateral growth.
Most grapes require full sun and a rich, fast-draining neutral soil.
Most grapes require full sun, moderate to light water and a rich, fast-draining neutral soil.
Some grapes are workhorses, generally used for blending.
Some grapes feed birds.
Some grapes generate a very complex wine while others produce a straightforward simpler result.
Some grapes grow in chiles.
Some grapes have ranges.
Some grapes make wine.
Grapefruit juice affects how the body handles many medicines.
Grapefruit juice alters the way some drugs are broken down in the liver.
Grapefruit juice amplifies drugs.
Grapefruit juice can act as an enzyme inhibitor.
Grapefruit juice can increase the plasma concentration of methylprednisolone.
Grapefruit juice contains furanocoumarins .
Grapefruit juice decreases the systemic availability of itraconazole capsules in healthy volunteers.
Grapefruit juice gives drug an added punch.
Grapefruit juice has a weak interaction with theophylline-containing drugs.
Grapefruit juice has effects.
Grapefruit juice increases oral nimodipine bioavailability.
Grapefruit juice increases serum concentrations of atorvastatin and has no effect on pravastatin.
Grapefruit juice increases the bioavailability of artemether.
Grapefruit juice increases the blood levels of extended release preparations.
Grapefruit juice is a drink
Grapefruit juice is a happening thing.
Grapefruit juice is fruit juice.
Grapefruit juice is important because it acts as a catalyst that starts the burning process.
Grapefruit juice is juice.
Grapefruit juice is second, followed by apple juice.
Grapefruit juice is source of potentially life threatening adverse drug reactions.
Grapefruit juice is very nutritious.
Grapefruit juice raises the risk of kidney stones.
Grapefruit juice remains the second most popular juice.
Most grapefruit juice has effects.
Some grapefruit juice increases excretion.
Some grapefruit juice provides immunity.
Grapefruit peels are part of grapefruit.
Grapefruit trees form roots.
Grapefruit trees grow to feet.
Grapefruit trees live for centuries.
Grapefruit trees need nutrients.
Grapefruit trees produce best quality fruit.
Grapefruit trees produce fruit.
Grapefruit trees reach large size.
Grapefruit trees reach size.
Grapefruit trees thrive in areas.
Grapefruit adds distinctive flavor to tuna, spinach, shrimp, chicken and chef salads.
Grapefruit adds distinctive flavor.
Grapefruit adds flavor.
Grapefruit also boosts heart health and reduces heart disease.
Grapefruit also comes in the form of tablets and capsules.
Grapefruit also contains lycopene which is thought to reduce the risk of certain cancers.
Grapefruit also contains vitamin C, potassium, calcium and iron.
Grapefruit also increases absorption of caffeine, one form of estrogen and an anticonvulsant.
Grapefruit are about three quarters liquid, so the heavier the fruit, the more juice it contains.
Grapefruit are available all season but are sweeter after christmas.
Grapefruit are fruits that contain dietary fiber.
Grapefruit are in season, so they're a good place to start.
Grapefruit are most susceptible during the early and late months of the harvesting season.
Grapefruit are undecided about being yellow, settling for dirty greenish-yellow instead.
Grapefruit can have many effects on reproductive health.
Grapefruit comes in many varieties.
Grapefruit comes to Florida.
Grapefruit contains acid.
Grapefruit contains certain enzymes.
Grapefruit contains compounds.
Grapefruit contains dietary fiber.
Grapefruit contains enzymes.
Grapefruit contains fiber.
Grapefruit contains pectin which is a soluble fiber.
Grapefruit contains reduce sugar.
Grapefruit contains sugar.
Grapefruit dominates the flavor.
Grapefruit grows in areas.
Grapefruit grows in conditions.
Grapefruit grows in desert areas.
Grapefruit grows in normal conditions.
Grapefruit grows in normal garden conditions.
Grapefruit has (part) bark.
Grapefruit has (part) cell membranes.
Grapefruit has (part) cells.
Grapefruit has (part) corpi.
Grapefruit has (part) cytoplasm.
Grapefruit has (part) grapefruit peels.
Grapefruit has (part) leaf nodes.
Grapefruit has (part) nuclei.
Grapefruit has (part) peels.
Grapefruit has (part) plasma membranes.
Grapefruit has (part) sections.
Grapefruit has (part) stumps.
Grapefruit has (part) tree branches.
Grapefruit has (part) treetops.
Grapefruit has (part) trunks.
Grapefruit has (part) vacuoles.
Grapefruit has (part) xylem.
Grapefruit has a rich history of medicinal purposes as well.
Grapefruit has benefits.
Grapefruit has fiber.
Grapefruit has lots of health benefits.
Grapefruit has lower values.
Grapefruit has many benefits for reproductive health.
Grapefruit has many benefits.
Grapefruit has peels.
Grapefruit has taste.
Grapefruit has values.
Grapefruit helps constipation.
Grapefruit hold up well for a number of the proposed treatments.
Grapefruit is a citrus fruit that provides many health benefits.
Grapefruit is a citrus tree
Grapefruit is a fruit which is sweet to taste and can be used in breakfast and snacks.
Grapefruit is a good food, but so are other healthy foods like vegetables and other fruits.
Grapefruit is a good source of vitamin C and several antioxidant phytochemicals.
Grapefruit is a great choice to eat.
Grapefruit is acid in cool climates and sweet in hot ones.
Grapefruit is an excellent source of vitamin C , a vitamin that helps to support the immune system.
Grapefruit is another style.
Grapefruit is believed to help balance the appetite, and has been found useful in treating obesity.
Grapefruit is citrus fruit.
Grapefruit is citruses.
Grapefruit is eaten for breakfast, made into juice and added to salads.
Grapefruit is fine as well as lemons.
Grapefruit is high in enzymes that burn fats, has high water content and has less sodium.
Grapefruit is important because it acts as a catalyst that starts the burning process.
Grapefruit is like everything evil in the world, halved.
Grapefruit is located in supermarkets.
Grapefruit is more susceptible than oranges to damage caused by chilling temperatures.
Grapefruit is part of grapefruit.
Grapefruit is part of the normal food chain.
Grapefruit is phototoxic.
Grapefruit is plants.
Grapefruit is popular, possibly as an alternative to eating one for breakfast.
Grapefruit is recognized to have value as a dietary supplement, similar to other citrus fruits.
Grapefruit is the biggest threat, but other fruits can interfere with drugs, too.
Grapefruit is the major fruit component, combined with some pleasant grassy undertones.
Grapefruit is the preferred host, with oranges second.
Grapefruit is the size of a penguin's egg.
Grapefruit is the state fruit of Texas.
Grapefruit is uplifting, clean and euphoric.
Grapefruit is used in pies, cakes, marmalades and jellies.
Grapefruit isa tree.
Grapefruit keeps at room temperature for at least a week.
Grapefruit keeps well in cold storage, so it can be found in supermarkets year-round.
Grapefruit leaves fit that description.
Grapefruit likes a position of full sun and remember to water moderately.
Grapefruit mixes with warm water.
Grapefruit mixes with water.
Grapefruit provides a refreshing effect and is therefore helpful with a variety of mental concerns.
Grapefruit provides vitamins.
Grapefruit ranges in diameters.
Grapefruit requires moist soil but never free-standing water.
Grapefruits also increase plasma vitamin C levels and help to manage periodontal disease.
Grapefruits are less spectacular, but they're easier to carry around without arousing suspicion.
Grapefruits help to block the absorption of carbs in the body.
Grapefruits is a popular species of the citrus family which originated in the West Indies.
Grapefruits yield a wonderfully complex zest.
All grapefruits are citrus fruits.
Most grapefruit adds distinctive flavor.
Most grapefruit adds flavor.
Most grapefruit contains acid.
Most grapefruit contains certain enzymes.
Most grapefruit contains compounds.
Most grapefruit contains dietary fiber.
Most grapefruit contains enzymes.
Most grapefruit contains fiber.
Most grapefruit contains reduce sugar.
Most grapefruit contains sugar.
Most grapefruit grows in areas.
Most grapefruit grows in conditions.
Most grapefruit grows in desert areas.
Most grapefruit grows in normal conditions.
Most grapefruit grows in normal garden conditions.
Most grapefruit has benefits.
Most grapefruit has fiber.
Most grapefruit has lower values.
Most grapefruit has many benefits.
Most grapefruit has peels.
Most grapefruit has values.
Most grapefruit helps constipation.
Most grapefruit is classified as either white or red.
Most grapefruit provides vitamins.
Some grapefruit belongs to families.
Some grapefruit contains chemicals.
Some grapefruit contains concentration.
Some grapefruit contains electrolytes.
Some grapefruit contains potassium electrolytes.
Some grapefruit grows in climates.
Some grapefruit grows in warm climates.
Some grapefruit has foliage.
Some grapefruit has green foliage.
Some grapefruit has negative reaction.
Some grapefruit has reaction.
Some grapefruit helps colon cancer development.
Some grapefruit helps development.
Some grapefruit reduces inflammation.
Some grapefruit wills have rinds.
A grapevine is gossip
Grapevine affords the perfect place to get a cheap taste of the variety of Texas vintages.
Grapevine covers senior finance executive appointments anywhere in Europe.
Grapevine trades off atomicity for simplicity.
Grapevine yellows research in Virginia.
Grapevines are good, they are sweet and juicy.
Grapevines are good.
Grapevines are gossip.
Grapevines are located in vineyards.
Grapevines are moderately sensitive to salinity.
Grapevines are often able to regrow new canes from low down on the trunk.
Grapevines are vines.
Grapevines are woody deciduous plants.
Grapevines begin to set fruit almost immediately after flowering.
Grapevines carrying virus disease are a liability to the grower for many reasons.
Grapevines form a roof over a section of the wide, grassy trail that leads through the preserve.
Grapevines grow over the silvery gold walls.
Grapevines produce fruit on the previous year s growth, which makes pruning simple.
Grapevines require well-draining soil to keep the root system healthy.
Grapevines suffocate in soggy soil.
Grapevines symbolize wine.
Grapevines tolerate a wide pH range.
Most grapevines are very susceptible to various fungal diseases.
Most grapevines have root rot, but it seems to be the biggest weed that thrives on garbage.
Most grapevines take four to five years, in the best of circumstances, before they are productive.
Graph coloring is a restricted class of the constraint satisfaction problem.
Graph coloring is in general a hard problem.
Graph grammars are a simple but useful method for representing complex developing structures.
Graph layout has a title area with a graph area that nearly fills up the slide.
Graph nodes are member function invocations on Legino objects or sub-graphs.
Graph paper can help keep columns straight.
Graph paper comes in a variety of grid sizes.
Graph paper comes in handy for economics problems.
Graph paper helps line up math problems.
Graph paper is a great way of experimenting with different designs.
Graph paper is available in both sizes.
Graph paper is great for laying out the board's art work.
Graph paper is needed for making a pictorial study of the population changes.
Graph paper is on the next page.
Graph paper is paper
Graph paper is paper.
Graph paper is preferable.
Graph paper is unsuitable for reproduction.
Graph paper is very helpful in drawing a scale plan.
Graph paper works great.
Graph papers are available for download.
Graph theory approaches to deadlock analysis of large-scale process network.
Graph theory deals with the study of a finite set of points connected by lines.
Graph theory is a central area in combinatorics.
Graph theory is a lot of fun.
Graph theory is a subdiscipline of combinatorics.
Graph theory is an important part of mathematics and computer science .
Graph theory is an important part of mathematics and computer science.
Graph theory is an interesting area of mathematics that has many applications in computer science.
Graph theory is an obvious place where graphical representations are used.
Graph theory is full of such interesting and accessible problems.
Graph visualization has many areas of application.
A graph is visual communication
Graph affect for each chapter on board.
Graph allows scaling and frame of reference moving.
Graph fills available space.
Graph highlights how bugs are getting fixed.
Graph indicates something pertaining to the art of writing, and mania is, well, mania.
Graph isa entity.
Graph legend defines value of each asterisk.
Graph likes and dislikes.
Graph opens a window that shows a graph of measured versus true flow.
Graph partitioning in general is a combinatorial optimization problem.
Graph refers to drawn, written, or recorded.
Graph scales for each question are unique to the question.
Graph shows densities and temperatures of the X-ray emitting plasma.
Graph shows dots corresponding to the entire period that the bird stayed.
Graph shows falling prices and rising output with inelastic demand.
Graph shows length of day throughout the year.
Graph shows prey size and duration of copulation.
Graph supports linear and nonlinear regression regression.
Graphs allow to measure progress by visually inspecting said graphs.
Graphs allow trends in the properties of the element to be compared.
Graphs are accurate, neat, and include needed information, i.e. titles, keys, and labels.
Graphs are accurate, neat, include needed information, titles, keys, and labels.
Graphs are appropriate for the question and data, and they are correctly constructed.
Graphs are appropriate type and are labeld correctly.
Graphs are available for a price history of an investment.
Graphs are available for some topics.
Graphs are available now.
Graphs are available to show the relationship between atomic number and the various physical.
Graphs are clean with well-plotted points.
Graphs are color coded for gender and have many configurable options and a print-friendly format.
Graphs are compatible with professional publication guidelines.
Graphs are complete.
Graphs are diagrams.
Graphs are dynamic.
Graphs are effective because they are easily understood by both financial and nonfinancial people.
Graphs are effective.
Graphs are excellent ways to show multiple years of income and expenses.
Graphs are excellent.
Graphs are far better than tables of numbers or equations.
Graphs are good and reports can be customized towards the client's needs.
Graphs are good at quickly conveying relationships like comparison and distribution.
Graphs are good to show information over a time period.
Graphs are helpful.
Graphs are important because they define the data set and all the relations between the data.
Graphs are live, zoomable, and editable.
Graphs are marvelous, very concise ways of describing relationships and correspondences.
Graphs are mathematical objects that are made of dots connected by lines.
Graphs are methods of visual presentation for complex material.
Graphs are much easier to understand than tables of figures - and no more difficult to generate.
Graphs are neat and complete.
Graphs are networks consisting of nodes connected by edges or arcs.
Graphs are nice.
Graphs are objects that are used in many different areas of math.
Graphs are present.
Graphs are scatter, box plot, and frequency distribution.
Graphs are structures made up of points and lines joining some of the points.
Graphs are suitable for the patient's chart or conference presentation.
Graphs are useful for modeling a wide variety of real-world situations .
Graphs are useful in interpreting the dose-response relationship.
Graphs are very important.
Graphs are very powerful tools for creating mathematical models of a wide variety of situations.
Graphs are visual communication.
Graphs clearly display changes in statistics since the last poll interval what's happening now.
Graphs compare the organization to a composite of charities in the sector.
Graphs depict the historical performance of quantity, price, and relative strength of the product.
Graphs depict the types of crimes committed.
Graphs illustrate many of the major points.
Graphs make comprehension much quicker and easier.
Graphs make information easier to see .
Graphs make information easier to see.
Graphs take many forms.
All graph show same width.
All graphs accurately reflect the survey results.
All graphs are also available on a single goodput statistics page .
All graphs are correct.
All graphs are full size.
All graphs are in postscript format.
All graphs are objects so that each feature can be edited using a built-in graphics editor.
All graphs are realtime and provided online.
All graphs are to be done manually.
All graphs are to be done on graph paper, no exceptions.
All graphs depict the throughput measurements.
All graphs feature sliding delimiters to easily view specific probabilities or axis values.
All graphs have information that is given.
All graphs have plots of input and output line utilization.
All graphs indicate continuous exposure for the entire duration.
All graphs indicate planting, heading, and harvest dates, if available.
All graphs remain well within the statistical uncertainties of the standard distribution.
All graphs require a corresponding table, no exceptions.
ALL graphs require title, labeled axis, proper sig.
All graphs Show all graphs of all tracks.
All graphs show magnitudes in units of millimags.
All graphs show tumour volume over days.
All graphs shuld be the same size.
Any graph can have as many curves as desired.
Every graph is an integral distance graph in the plane.
Every graph is contained in a sparsest possible balanced graph.
More graphs consume more system resources.
Most graphs are edge-cordial.
Most graphs have more than one spanning tree.
Some graphs are long and narrow.
Some graphs are much faster as a result, but some easy graphs are a little slower.
Some graphs are trees.
Some graphs are, unfortunately, difficult to decipher or provided with insufficient documentation.
Some graphs count with pictures.
Some graphs have special properties.
Some graphs involve just one species, others involve more than one species.
Graphed data allow for monitoring student progress.
Graphic ads are highly competitive and affordable.
Graphic ads beg for a company with rapid turn-around innovation at low cost.
Most graphic adventures are third person.
Some graphic animation shows diffusion.
Graphic applications are very greedy to system resources.
Graphic art is another key ingredient to successful multimedia.
Graphic art is art
Graphic art is art.
Graphic art is more rationale and reason.
Graphic art is one thing.
Graphic art makes pages less dense, more appealing, and thus more likely to be read.
Graphic art works.
A graphic artist is an artist
Graphic artists abound.
Graphic artists are necessary to get business messages across.
Graphic artists communicate online to make brochures for worthy organizations.
Graphic artists create art to please a client.
Graphic artists do home pages, copy writers produce text.
Graphic artists perform different jobs depending on their area of expertise.
Graphic artists play a huge role in corporate modeling.
Graphic artists produce high quality graphic works suitable for multimedia and web display.
Graphic artists seem to be moving to digital cameras faster than ants to a picnic.
Many graphic artists use it as a design workstation.
Most graphic artist have a rules page.
Most graphic artists are self-employed.
Most graphic artists find creating a menu bar is very easy.
Most graphic artists use computer software to design new images so computer courses are important.
Most graphic artists use computer software to design new images.
Some graphic artists become webmasters, maintaining their company's Internet site.
All graphic artwork is original.
All graphic boxes positon the caption at the bottom left side of the box, outside the border.
Graphic bugs are sometimes due to the card but mostly due to the mod.
Graphic buttons are slow to load.
Graphic buttons can be very appealing if they are done correctly.
Graphic buttons can render a page unnavigable and unintelligible.
Many graphic buyers are unaware of the difference until it's pointed out.
Graphic capabilities are impressive, and sounds can be associated with output as well.
Graphic capabilities are limited.
Graphic capabilities is something new in item processing.
Graphic charts clarify highly technical, complex and multi-faceted data.
Graphic choices go hand in hand with site layout decisions.
Graphic collections are for commercial and personal use.
Graphic commands are very limited.
Graphic communication principles.
Graphic communication processes.
Graphic construction is analyzed in the next section.
All graphic decoration is imprinted directly on the vehicle.
Graphic descriptions follow.
Graphic design creates an attractive user interface facilitating that mission.
Graphic design gets harder and harder.
Graphic design touches many aspects of school life and can serve within almost any curriculum.
Graphic designs are totally and conceptually different .
Graphic designs are visual communication.
A graphic designer is a specialist
Graphic designers are active in all aspects of communication design.
Graphic designers are among the few professionals who manage to do just that.
Graphic designers are an important resource for creating a powerful message.
Graphic designers are communicators who produce visual messages to interest, inform and persuade.
Graphic designers are in big demand.
Graphic designers are responsible for designing how information is communicated.
Graphic designers are specialists.
Graphic designers are very keyboard focused when they are working at the computer.
Graphic designers are workers.
Graphic designers communicate messages visually.
Graphic designers convert concepts into visual language.
Graphic designers create brochures, posters, trademarks and annual reports.
Graphic designers create signage, showrooms, exhibits, and electronic media.
Graphic designers do graphics.
Graphic designers have abundant career options both in the arts and in business.
Graphic designers have no control over typeface legibility.
Graphic designers make pages that look good.
Graphic designers offer designs.
Graphic designers offer free fonts or clip art.
Graphic designers seem to have unlimited ability to design appealing labels.
Graphic designers spend hours looking for the perfect font for a project.
Any graphic designer can create nice looking buttons.
Many graphic designers develop the graphics and layout of Internet websites.
Many graphic designers have art backgrounds.
Many graphic designers work on the visual designs of annual reports and other corporate propaganda.
Most graphic designers are far from type designers, but a lot believe they are.
Most graphic designers offer designs.
Most graphic designers use computer software to generate new images.
Graphic display is obtainable using available commercial applications.
Graphic display shows traffic trends at a glance.
All graphic displays are ready to use for the practitioner because they include readable labels.
Graphic elements are decorative embellishments on reports.
Graphic elements are often times, completely unnecessary.
Graphic elements contribute to the experience without being cluttered or confusing.
Graphic elements move on predictable planes.
All graphic elements add to the download time of a page.
All graphic elements are property of The Episcopal Diocese of Atlanta.
Graphic environments require more RAM than simpler records management systems do.
Graphic equalizers utilize filters that are too wide for feedback control.
Graphic examples show different typeface combinations.
Graphic experience includes web design, illustration, photography, design, layout, and scanning.
Graphic facilitation brings the power of pictures and visual thinking to the meeting room.
Graphic facilitation helps manage the complexity of group discussions.
Graphic facilitation is a field, with annual conferences of practitioners.
Graphic files are either proprietary,binary or emboss ready.
Graphic files are inherently large.
Graphic files are large, but text can grow to thousands of words without nearing that limit.
Graphic files are our specialty.
Graphic files are the way images get delivered to a browser.
Graphic files are usually fairly large and complex.
Graphic files have names with the extensions .gif or .jpg .
Graphic files look best if they have a transparent background so the wall shows through.
Graphic files require special handling.
Graphic files tend to be rather large, even with the advanced compression techniques used today.
Every graphic file is modified to improve appearance and loading speed.
All graphic filters use XML configuration management.
Graphic folders show whether the menus are open or closed.
Graphic formats are more informative and convincing during management presentations.
Graphic formats are to be agreed upon prior to giving commissions.
Any graphic format is acceptable.
Any graphic format is supported.
Most graphic formats are available.
Some graphic formats seem to display faster than others.
Graphic icons are subject to the same confusion.
Graphic icons display a table of resources.
Graphic icons improve the usability of the interface.
Graphic icons indicate award winners.
Graphic identity is composed here of four elements or standard features.
Graphic illustrations begin the basic technique and proceed from there.
Graphic image verifies the data.
Graphic images are also good if they are clear and colourful.
Graphic images are always a predictable, absolute pixel size.
Graphic images are among the most commonly downloaded file types on the Internet.
Graphic images are everywhere.
Graphic images are excellent here.
Graphic images are files such as .GIF or .JPG files that contain pictures.
Graphic images are files that contain pictures such as .
Graphic images are files that contain pictures.
Graphic images are quick and easy to add to reports.
Graphic images are usually end in .GIF or .BMP, but there are a number of others.
Graphic images can also be links.
Graphic images can be a logo, a photo or perhaps an illustration.
Graphic images can be very useful for forensic scientists.
Graphic images can overlay text or mask text depending on the characteristics of the image file.
Graphic images fall into a variety of categories.
Graphic images increase download times.
Graphic images slow things down.
Graphic images take time to transfer and increase network traffic.
All graphic images are either original creations or believed to be in the public domain.
All graphic images are original creations.
All graphic images are our original creations for live entertainment, print or the web.
All graphic images are rectangular in shape.
All graphic images take up a lot of hard disk space.
Some graphic images show panthers.
Graphic improvements occur at the building's exterior, with new work at the interior.
Graphic information is lost, but the message is conveyed.
Graphic information takes much more time to download than text.
Some graphic information is provided to exemplify available information.
Graphic instructions are optional.
Graphic interpolation is appropriate only in the absence of calculator or computer.
Graphic items add life and interest to Web pages.
Graphic layout is also important.
Graphic layout is bright and uncluttered with a jazzy look.
Graphic lines become solid lines.
Graphic links are images which can be clicked on to go somewhere else.
Every graphic link has a text alternative.
All graphic logos are the property of their respective websites.
Graphic mapping allows easy tracking.
Graphic mapping is essential in conveying information to others.
Graphic material is used.
Graphic materials are welcome.
Graphic novels appeal to an eclectic clientele, for the story, the art, or both.
Graphic novels are books in comic book format, many dealing with more adult subject matter.
Graphic novels are books of comics.
Graphic novels are long-form comics that use elaborate artwork to tell a serious story.
Many graphic novels are paperbound folios that require supportive shelving.
Graphic object flows with the text.
Graphic operations have no effect outside of the clipping area.
Many graphic options are available in both programs.
Graphic organisers are an important additional strategy here.
Graphic organizers are a great springboard for writing activities.
Graphic organizers are a time-efficient and an effective way to work with vocabulary.
Graphic organizers are different maps, or frameworks, on which students can hang new ideas.
Graphic organizers are especially helpful to average, under-achieving, and struggling learners.
Graphic organizers are great tools to help learners organize facts and see connections among ideas.
Graphic organizers are highly personalized and reflect individual thinking.
Graphic organizers are important to make information comprehensible to second language learners.
Graphic organizers are one example a group of tools that can be used across content areas.
Graphic organizers are one way for visual thinkers to arrange their ideas.
Graphic organizers are powerful ways to help students understand complex ideas.
Graphic organizers are tools that can be used to visualize and organize information.
Graphic organizers can be powerful teaching tools.
Graphic organizers can increase comprehension and retention of information.
Graphic organizers exist in a variety of forms.
Graphic organizers find a home in classrooms filled with students of all ages.
Graphic organizers have many names including visual maps, mind mapping, and visual organizers.
Graphic organizers help arrange important aspects of a topic into a pattern.
Graphic organizers help keep students on track and makes their thought process explicit.
Graphic organizers include photos.
Graphic organizers offer a major improvement to the simple brainstorm.
Graphic organizers take various forms and names, such as webs, clusters, maps, etc.
Graphic organizers teach students ways to organize what they have read.
Graphic organizers work with any age group or skills level, from kindergartners to adults.
Graphic organizers worksheet.
Graphic output is customized to the needs and desires of each school district.
Graphic pages are also available.
Graphic pages take a long time to load.
Graphic pages take a while to download.
All graphic panels are changeable and can accept a variety of printed materials.
Graphic plots can be output at any user-defined scale.
Graphic possibilities are endless.
Graphic presentation is approximate.
Graphic programs are behind in availability of diversity of choices.
All graphic programs have the capability to vary text characteristics.
Many graphic programs can create interlaced graphics.
Most graphic programs are able to perform the format conversion viz.
Most graphic programs display images one at a time.
Most graphic programs let the designer specify palettes of colors.
Graphic quality is a little hazy.
Graphic quality is high.
Graphic quality is very good but the annotation capability is poor.
Graphic reinforcement supports correct answers and tutorial feedback provides immediate assistance.
Graphic representation is dealt with in the following manner.
Graphic representations are available for reports.
Graphic representations are helpful and include charts, tables, illustrations, and graphs.
Graphic resources are unlimited online.
Graphic scales are probably the scales most frequently used by laypersons.
Graphic speed is controlled, in the main, by the chipset on that card.
Graphic style is synonymous with personality in general, real life situations.
A graphic symbol is a symbol
Graphic symbols are often complex ideas, compressed and made very portable.
Graphic symbols are symbols which are slaved to the main timeline.
Graphic symbols belong to the tradition of that medium.
Graphic symbols guide the user through the calibration process.
Graphic symbols indicate elements that are mandatory, mandatory if applicable, or optional.
Graphic violence can frighten children and lead to nightmares.
Graphic violence is eschewed in cozies.
Graphic violence is lightened by the overall sense of self-parody.
Graphic visualization provides an enhanced opportunity for review, comment and plan projects.
All graphic work is computer generated.
A graphic is a picture
Graphics add a lot to the visual appeal and information content of a page.
Graphics Add an image to the page.
Graphics add flash, but can detract from content, increase cost and take a long time to load.
Graphics add interest but are slow to load and can impede navigation.
Graphics add interest to a web site.
Graphics add personality and punch to any message.
Graphics add quality and a special touch to a web site.
Graphics adhere to substrates ranging from concrete to stainless steel to glass.
Graphics allow for visual as well as audial information to be transmitted.
Graphics already offers some services, including putting exams onto the Web, and Web page design.
Graphics also appear in printed storyboard reports.
Graphics also retain attention and change brings customers back to see more.
Graphics appear as boxes on the screen, but are printed correctly.
Graphics appear especially smooth and rich for a color laser.
Graphics appear in line with the surrounding text.
Graphics appear in new pop-up windows.
Graphics appear like genies popping from bottles.
Graphics appear on almost every page, laid out beside the text.
Graphics appear throughout the Web site.
Graphics are a bit on the whimsical side, but generally uninspired.
Graphics are a bit too heavy.
Graphics are a bulls-eye and a rifle.
Graphics are a common way of bringing color into a Web site.
Graphics are a completely different story.
Graphics are a great way to spice up a Web page.
Graphics are a key element of great webpages.
Graphics are a large part of having a visually appealing site.
Graphics are a little choppy, but overall effect is ok.
Graphics are a lot better.
Graphics are a lower priority.
Graphics are a major reason for the interest in the Web.
Graphics are a medium.
Graphics are a mixed bag.
Graphics are a necessary part of a Web page today.
Graphics are a nice touch, but are optional.
Graphics are a powerful teaching tool.
Graphics are a problem.
Graphics are a standard theme.
Graphics are a strong area.
Graphics are a very important part of a sites presentation.
Graphics are a very important part of a sports video game.
Graphics are a very important part of a web site.
Graphics are a very important part of web sites.
Graphics are a wee bit blocky.
Graphics are a welcome addition to a handout.
Graphics are a whole 'nother can of worms.
Graphics are a Wow.
Graphics are about the same on each.
Graphics are above average.
Graphics are above par.
Graphics are absolutely stunning, sound is great and gameplay is nearly flawless.
Graphics are absolutely stunning.
Graphics are acceptable in .EPS format only.
Graphics are actually comparable, at least as the maps go.
Graphics are actually very detailed.
Graphics are adequate for the main purpose of the game.
Graphics are age-appropriate.
Graphics are all original as well as the rest of the page.
Graphics are all right.
Graphics are alluring.
Graphics are almost non-existent.
Graphics are almost up to par with games such as Unreal.
Graphics are alright but it is a small price to pay on such a good game.
Graphics are also acceptable in the .gif format.
Graphics are also adjustable in height.
Graphics are also available in black and white to print for a group presentation.
Graphics are also available of current and past exhibits.
Graphics are also available.
Graphics are also bright and cheerful and enemies are varied.
Graphics are also cleaner, most noticeably in animation clarity.
Graphics are also free.
Graphics are also possible.
Graphics are also the largest problem in other areas of authentication.
Graphics are also video sensitive.
Graphics are always encouraged.
Graphics are always welcome and they add a great deal to the subjects and descriptions.
Graphics are amazing, sound is great and the interface is very well done.
Graphics are amazing.
Graphics are an excellent way to identify where a visitor is in a site.
Graphics are an important aspect of developing effective web materials.
Graphics are an important design tool.
Graphics are an important expression of a community's culture.
Graphics are an important feature for identifying books to the general public.
Graphics are an important part of any production.
Graphics are an important part of any web site.
Graphics are an important part of most web sites.
Graphics are an improvement over the PC version.
Graphics are an increasingly important element to any web site.
Graphics are and crisp.
Graphics are another concern.
Graphics are another difficult issue, especially when remote users are involved.
Graphics are appropriate and well placed.
Graphics are appropriate to presentation.
Graphics are appropriate, but minimal in number.
Graphics are appropriate.
Graphics are appropriately psychedelic and colorful.
Graphics are are extremely awkward looking.
Graphics are arguably the best to date in some areas and the audio music and commentary are good.
Graphics are as controversial as anything can be.
Graphics are as good as any game out there that has been recently released.
Graphics are astounding.
Graphics are at a higher resolution, but the units are defaulted at a smaller setting.
Graphics are at a minimum.
Graphics are at half scale.
Graphics are attractive and convey the feeling of speed very well.
Graphics are attractive and load quickly.
Graphics are attractive, but if poorly organized, can take too much time to download.
Graphics are attractive, but often overused.
Graphics are available for free use on web and print.
Graphics are available in both raster and professional vector formats.
Graphics are available in various formats.
Graphics are available on request.
Graphics are available on the historical deliveries and the demand pattern.
Graphics are available.
Graphics are average but the gameplay is fast paced and extremely challenging.
Graphics are average with accurate displays of unit strength, morale and health.
Graphics are average, and the gameplay is horrible.
Graphics are average.
Graphics are awesome, the land is incredible, and most of the units are awe-inspiring.
Graphics are awesome.
Graphics are awful without one.
Graphics are awsome.
Graphics are basic but the concept is excellent and the game is very playable.
Graphics are beautiful and the storyline is interesting.
Graphics are beautiful.
Graphics are beautifully rendered, however the beauty applies only to the backgrounds.
Graphics are beautifuly complex and textured.
Graphics are best if in full colour format.
Graphics are best positioned clearly within the text.
Graphics are better than average to be sure.
Graphics are better, commentary is better, and the game flows.
Graphics are big and they take time.
Graphics are BIG files and take time to download.
Graphics are blah.
Graphics are bland.
Graphics are both a blessing and an annoyance on many travel sites.
Graphics are both very bad and very nice.
Graphics are bright and cartoony, and the sound is great.
Graphics are bright and colorful with plenty of interesting textures.
Graphics are bright, clear and uncomplicated.
Graphics are bright, simple, and quick to load.
Graphics are brilliant.
Graphics are bust shots of each doll in orig.
Graphics are by default, and audio can be integrated optional.
Graphics are by the designer.
Graphics are cartoon-like and fun.
Graphics are cartoony and bright.
Graphics are certain to play a key role in presenting data.
Graphics are cheap and unprofessional and only serve as a crutch.
Graphics are children's artwork on mahjongg tiles.
Graphics are clean and colorful, with excellent explosions.
Graphics are clean and crisp.
Graphics are clean and enlightening.
Graphics are clean and fluid, and the game's sense of humor is a nice touch.
Graphics are clear and brightly colored.
Graphics are clear and colorful.
Graphics are clear and consistent throughout.
Graphics are clear and fast.
Graphics are clear and well-designed.
Graphics are clear coated for a glossy and durable finish.
Graphics are clear, illuminating, supported by text.
Graphics are clear, organized, and easily understood.
Graphics are clear.
Graphics are clip art except as noted below.
Graphics are common, but never to the point of seeming too busy.
Graphics are compatible with a variety of printing techniques.
Graphics are compelling.
Graphics are complete with almost all citizen's identified who get up to speak.
Graphics are completly live action.
Graphics are configurable.
Graphics are constructive and provide support to the other content.
Graphics are cool, since the creators took a comic theme to the game.
Graphics are cool.
Graphics are Cool.
Graphics are creative, relevant, and quickly downloadable.
Graphics are crisp and clear.
Graphics are crisp and pretty, even without acceleration.
Graphics are crisp and realistic with eight texture passes for each polygon surface.
Graphics are crisp, clean and filled with pop-up.
Graphics are crisp.
Graphics are custom-cut and can be applied to any color background.
Graphics are cute, and the articles are fun to read.
Graphics are decent, but no more.
Graphics are definitely top-notch.
Graphics are design to view correctly on both platforms.
Graphics are difficult to decipher and understand.
Graphics are disappointing.
Graphics are discrete and small for easier loading.
Graphics are dissticntly average with nothing remarkable.
Graphics are easier to manipulate when they are in tables.
Graphics are easy to be appreciated but sometimes frustating to be made.
Graphics are either by rosebytes or are being used with permission.
Graphics are equally impressive, with fully saturated colors and crisp edges.
Graphics are essential and well-presented without being burdensome to system or distracting to user.
Graphics are essential for the success of a Website.
Graphics are essentially free of dithering patterns.
Graphics are even more georgeous then the first game.
Graphics are everywhere.
Graphics are excellent and photos download quickly.
Graphics are excellent as is character movement and sound effects.
Graphics are excellent as well.
Graphics are excellent on high-resolution systems.
Graphics are excellent, and the variety is excellent.
Graphics are excellent, animation tops and the game is highly addictive.
Graphics are excellent, as is the background information, and the entire game looks professional.
Graphics are excellent, especially in the sea battles.
Graphics are excellent, sounds are good, too.
Graphics are excellent.
Graphics are exceptional.
Graphics are extremely good, with each new arena showing beautiful architecture and lighting.
Graphics are extremely important in a restaurant.
Graphics are extremely professional and clear.
Graphics are extremly good.
Graphics are fair to good.
Graphics are fair, but the cars are extraordinary.
Graphics are fair.
Graphics are fairly good.
Graphics are fairly simplistic, but work well and are more detailed than the original game.
Graphics are fantastic, and definitely set the bar for other games to compete against.
Graphics are fantastic.
Graphics are fast-loading and appropriate.
Graphics are fast-loading and clear, and the site as a whole is clean and easy to follow.
Graphics are few and far between.
Graphics are files.
Graphics are fine to include, either original or copies from literature.
Graphics are fine, but label everything.
Graphics are fine, so to say.
Graphics are fine.
Graphics are first rate, as is story-telling.
Graphics are flawless.
Graphics are fluid and realistic.
Graphics are for conceptual understanding.
Graphics are for people who lack imagination.
Graphics are for Real.
Graphics are for wimps.
Graphics are free although there are a number of adverts for commercial clipart.
Graphics are free for personal and commercial use.
Graphics are free for personal pages.
Graphics are freely available on the web.
Graphics are generally a pretty good match to the original.
Graphics are good .
Graphics are good and bad.
Graphics are good and download time is good.
Graphics are good and the site looks sharp.
Graphics are good at best and very average at worst.
Graphics are good but slow and choppy.
Graphics are good but the gameplay is average.
Graphics are good enough.
Graphics are good except for the people.
Graphics are good overall.
Graphics are good with some nice touches.
Graphics are good with the odd slip up.
Graphics are good, and add a theme to the game.
Graphics are good, but often large.
Graphics are good, but starting to show it's age.
Graphics are good, clean and crisp, and the individual ourlines are well defined.
Graphics are good, especially the blood after hitting enemies and the magic effects.
Graphics are good, especially the explosions.
Graphics are good, interface is fine, though a bit tedious in some instances, and sound is superb.
Graphics are good, pretty much.
Graphics are good, relatively solid, no crash at all.
Graphics are good, so is gameplay and control.
Graphics are good, sound and characters are fun, gameplay is excellent.
Graphics are good, too.
Graphics are good, visually pleasing.
Graphics are good.
Graphics are gorgeous, and the music is haunting at times.
Graphics are graphic art.
Graphics are great and improved as well with the add-on.
Graphics are great and music is even better and the animation is also top notch.
Graphics are great and the gameplay is, well, there to have fun with.
Graphics are great and the people's mouths are sinchronised with the speech sounds.
Graphics are great as usual.
Graphics are great for kids needing pictures of stuff for their own interest or for projects.
Graphics are great for making a computerised test come to life.
Graphics are great for that kind of time.
Graphics are great here, crisp, and a wonderful amount of detail.
Graphics are great in all modes.
Graphics are great on different views.
Graphics are great with smooth frame rate.
Graphics are great, but anyone can do graphics.
Graphics are great, but there are times when text is more appropriate.
Graphics are great.
Graphics are heat pressed on the bottom of the mousepad.
Graphics are heavy users of bandwidth, and a mailing list is for words.
Graphics are high on the list of factors in regards to time when a page is loaded.
Graphics are highly important, but without the text, the chance of good placement is slim.
Graphics are highly informative, clearly designed, and easy to interpret.
Graphics are highly informative, well-designed, and easy to interpret.
Graphics are high-res and quite smooth.
Graphics are iffy at best and tables are a disaster.
Graphics are illustrations.
Graphics are images such as clip art, word art, graphs, and charts.
Graphics are images that are used in designing Web pages.
Graphics are impeccable.
Graphics are important eye candy in newspapers and magazines.
Graphics are important for two reasons.
Graphics are in proportion.
Graphics are in the process of being completed.
Graphics are in the works.
Graphics are inaccessible to text browsers and screen readers which audibly read web site text.
Graphics are incredible.
Graphics are informative, intelligible and support the content of the paper.
Graphics are informative, intelligible, and support the content of the paper.
Graphics are in-house, in the public domain, or used by permission .
Graphics are instruments for reasoning about quantitative information.
Graphics are intense.
Graphics are interesting and relevant.
Graphics are invariably mono for the mono screens.
Graphics are just a good as in the original game.
Graphics are just the same as websites and utilize the same pricing.
Graphics are kept to a minimum, so response time is good, the reviewers say.
Graphics are kind of plain.
Graphics are large and can take a long time to download.
Graphics are large but have been left untouched for authenticity.
Graphics are large by nature.
Graphics are large, attractive, and appropriate yet at relatively low bandwidth cost.
Graphics are larger than shown in thumbnails.
Graphics are light-weights so prospective employers enjoy the fast download time.
Graphics are limited to allow members with slow modem connections relatively quick page loading.
Graphics are limited to logo and title.
Graphics are limited, however the site has some nice features, such as the loan calculator.
Graphics are limited.
Graphics are links to art galleries, icons, fractals or whatever.
Graphics are linkware - each set contains a logo, please use it.
Graphics are linkware.
Graphics are lively and engaging.
Graphics are lush, rich and imaginative.
Graphics are mediocre but get the job done nicely.
Graphics are mediocre, with boxy cars and unimpressive damage effects.
Graphics are minimal - but well created.
Graphics are minimal and none are essential for navigation purposes.
Graphics are minimal and none are essential for navigation.
Graphics are minimal and none are required for navigation.
Graphics are minimal, which allows quick downloading and viewing.
Graphics are minimal.
Graphics are more iconic than text.
Graphics are more memory sensitive then text is.
Graphics are more than acceptable, both in electronic form and as paper.
Graphics are more than adequate with realistic stadiums and player stances and body language.
Graphics are more vivid.
Graphics are most reasonable.
Graphics are most useful when employed to expand and clarify the presentation.
Graphics are mostly vector images to reduce file size which can be restrictive.
Graphics are much more difficult to control the formats and placment of in a web page than text.
Graphics are much more effective than prose at communicating statistics.
Graphics are neat and informative.
Graphics are neat, no doubt.
Graphics are neither decorations nor afterthoughts.
Graphics are nice and enhance many web sites.
Graphics are nice and the characters are classic.
Graphics are nice and the game is fun, but challenging.
Graphics are nice, but it's words that sell.
Graphics are nice, but nothing spectacular.
Graphics are nice, but they can be slow to load - and it also makes the site harder to maintain.
Graphics are nice, but unspectacular.
Graphics are nice, playability is optimal.
Graphics are nice, very nice.
Graphics are nicely done, animation is smooth and creative.
Graphics are nifty.
Graphics are no longer a hassle, with copyrights and royalties.
Graphics are normal, and the loading is just as fast as most.
Graphics are normally unrecoverable.
Graphics are nothing special.
Graphics are nothing to write home about, either.
Graphics are notorious bandwidth hogs, slowing the time it takes for web pages to download.
Graphics are notoriously large.
Graphics are now available for the electronic versions.
Graphics are numerous and excellent.
Graphics are objects.
Graphics are obviously the result of little effort and time.
Graphics are of poor quality and confusing.
Graphics are often skewed out of their respective boxes.
Graphics are often very useful to represent physical models and enhance problem solving.
Graphics are OK, but a bit shoddy.
Graphics are OK, but the cars look like spiders.
Graphics are ok, except the players are too blocky.
Graphics are ok.
Graphics are okay.
Graphics are older but the gameplay is fun and completely non-violent.
Graphics are one of the best parts of the game.
Graphics are one of the game's great strengths.
Graphics are one of the most important components of the communications industry.
Graphics are one of the most important factors of website development.
Graphics are one of the real joys of the web.
Graphics are one reason for the interest in the Web by both publishers and readers.
Graphics are optional, but nice.
Graphics are optional.
Graphics are our specialty.
Graphics are outstanding and game play excellent.
Graphics are outstanding and really enhance the game experience.
Graphics are outstanding, ambiance is great.
Graphics are outstanding.
Graphics are perfect and the game itself is almost better than the coin-op.
Graphics are pictures that have been scanned and stored electronically.
Graphics are pin-point.
Graphics are place to the left of the text.
Graphics are pleasant and easy to read.
Graphics are plentiful, varied, sharp and beautiful.
Graphics are poor by todays standards.
Graphics are poor.
Graphics are present.
Graphics are pretty and colorful.
Graphics are pretty bad though.
Graphics are pretty bad, but game play is good.
Graphics are pretty bad.
Graphics are pretty good and so is the gameplay.
Graphics are pretty good, but the first level is too hard.
Graphics are pretty good, even if they do look somewhat dated.
Graphics are pretty good, though to some extent lacking.
Graphics are pretty good.
Graphics are pretty nice, though extremely buggy.
Graphics are pretty nice.
Graphics are pretty, some sound effects and nice music make playing the game fun.
Graphics are probably the best part of the game.
Graphics are problematic.
Graphics are property of their original owners.
Graphics are quality stitched embroidery.
Graphics are quite good.
Graphics are rather crude.
Graphics are realistic as the players run, dodge, tackle and block.
Graphics are realistic, but somewhat grainy.
Graphics are really cool and scenery unreal almost like really being there .
Graphics are really great.
Graphics are really something else.
Graphics are relevant to the content and appropriate.
Graphics are richer and gameplay is much smoother.
Graphics are science and an art unto themselves.
Graphics are semi-cheesy.
Graphics are sharp and clear, if a bit repetitive.
Graphics are sharp and crisp.
Graphics are sharp and detailed, but expressionless and devoid of character or style.
Graphics are sharp and well-designed.
Graphics are sharp, smooth, and look better than regular video images.
Graphics are sharp.
Graphics are sharper thanks to digital prepress technology.
Graphics are silk-screened using water base inks.
Graphics are simple and quick-loading and the site is really easy to follow.
Graphics are simple but clean, but the site is more about informational volume than eye candy.
Graphics are simple but impressive, given the physics involved.
Graphics are simple but look nice.
Graphics are simple here, with an HTML layout which is okay.
Graphics are simple yet effective.
Graphics are simple, but adequate.
Graphics are simple, but smooth.
Graphics are simple, essential, symbolic.
Graphics are simple, mostly consisting of merchandise photos, and load time is reasonable.
Graphics are simple, yet dramatic.
Graphics are simplistic, as is the gameplay.
Graphics are simply amazing in Freelancer.
Graphics are simply stunning.
Graphics are simply superb and a hi color resolution monitor is required.
Graphics are slow to download.
Graphics are slow to load, but worth waiting for.
Graphics are small and download quickly.
Graphics are small and used sparingly, contributing to fairly fast loads and easy navigation.
Graphics are small, so they download fast.
Graphics are smooth and almost without flaw, using the minimum of the hardware's capabilities.
Graphics are smooth and realistic.
Graphics are smooth and very fast providing an abundant motoring experience.
Graphics are so so.
Graphics are so very sweet, and the cutscene humor is hilarious.
Graphics are solid and the missions are intriguing.
Graphics are somewhat derivative and cliched.
Graphics are somewhat different from the usual fractals.
Graphics are somewhat disorganized, sloppy, and confusing.
Graphics are somewhat plain, but the gameplay is easy to get used to and very fair.
Graphics are so-so.
Graphics are sparingly and appropriately used to decrease wait time.
Graphics are sparse and serve to highlight navigational location and topics.
Graphics are sparse.
Graphics are spectacular.
Graphics are spot on.
Graphics are still an area in which print wins out, however.
Graphics are still good but many have edge nicks.
Graphics are still important, though.
Graphics are still pretty good.
Graphics are still superb, and ball physics appear slightly improved.
Graphics are strong in quality and variety.
Graphics are strong with only a little rubbing on the wing.
Graphics are subpar.
Graphics are superb during gameplay, but a little shaky during the movie sequences.
Graphics are superb probably the best feature of the game.
Graphics are superb, with most machines allowing huge draw distances.
Graphics are superb.
Graphics are surprisingly good, with great modeling and track design.
Graphics are surprisingly limited.
Graphics are sweet.
Graphics are terrible despite use of video.
Graphics are the best.
Graphics are the biggest reason for slow download times.
Graphics are the coolest.
Graphics are the copyrighted property of the designer.
Graphics are the foundation of any multimedia application.
Graphics are the game's one weak point.
Graphics are the highlight of the book.
Graphics are the important part.
Graphics are the key element to simulation software.
Graphics are the key to any great web design.
Graphics are the main culprit of any slow website.
Graphics are the most complex functions that personal computers are called upon to handle.
Graphics are the most important part of hyperspace .
Graphics are the next category, which, despite a few nice touches, still aren t up to par.
Graphics are the number-one design challenge for all Web sites.
Graphics are the responsibility of the user.
Graphics are the way to go.
Graphics are the weak part of the program.
Graphics are the work of the artist.
Graphics are to be supplied by client on disk in a giff or jpeg format.
Graphics are top notch.
Graphics are truly pleasing.
Graphics are typical Square quality.
Graphics are unnecessary but seem to impress the heck out of some people.
Graphics are unnecessary when the text alone produces mastery.
Graphics are unreal, the translucent smoke is truly remarkable.
Graphics are up.
Graphics are useful tools for visualizing information.
Graphics are useless, and too big to download anyway.
Graphics are usually the culprit when a site takes forever to download.
Graphics are valuable it certain circumstances.
Graphics are very acceptable, with nice details.
Graphics are very blocky and crude, but quite large.
Graphics are very clean and give a sharp look.
Graphics are very clear.
Graphics are very colorful and vibrant.
Graphics are very good in the game.
Graphics are very good looking, and the interface has changed.
Graphics are very good on the game and very detailed.
Graphics are very good with clean presentation and some very nice details.
Graphics are very good, better than the first one.
Graphics are very good, but again the biggest plus is the driving simulation.
Graphics are very good, of course.
Graphics are very good.
Graphics are very helpful.
Graphics are very impressive, as well as the sound.
Graphics are very neat and clear.
Graphics are very nice, and backgrounds are very colorful and feature nice detail and animation.
Graphics are very nice.
Graphics are very often the first thing a viewer sees when a program starts.
Graphics are very original and entertaining.
Graphics are very pleasing and clear.
Graphics are very simple and very small.
Graphics are very simple.
Graphics are very sloooow.
Graphics are viewable along with the files parameters.
Graphics are visual elements used to point readers and viewers to particular information.
Graphics are vivid, topics eminently useful.
Graphics are weak by todays standards but still good.
Graphics are weak, but so is the flesh.
Graphics are well designed and pleasing to look at.
Graphics are well placed and download with relative ease.
Graphics are well placed.
Graphics are well used and load without delay.
Graphics are well-conceived and visually interesting.
Graphics are well-done and used effectively.
Graphics are what catches a viewer's eye.
Graphics are what is contributing to the slowing down of the whole internet.
Graphics are what make or break a site.
Graphics are wireframe.
Graphics are wonderful.
Graphics are, after all, what the user sees.
Graphics are, on the whole, unobtrusive and fast-loading.
Graphics are, uh, a bit old.
Graphics arent great, but perfect for the style of gameplay.
Graphics arent too bad, compared to some games.
Graphics Ask students to bring their favorite kind of apple.
Graphics barely meet the level of banal.
Graphics batching model causes graphics to be drawn improperly.
Graphics Be careful with the size, quantity and content of graphics.
Graphics belong to the artist unless otherwise stated.
Graphics below are from that source.
Graphics below are of mousepads.
Graphics bring attention .
Graphics bring concepts to life.
Graphics bring life to the words on a Web page.
Graphics bring the abstract and the concrete together.
Graphics can add interest.
Graphics can add the punch needed to attract the attention of even the most elusive Web surfer.
Graphics can add to a Web site's usability, but at a cost.
Graphics can add visual impact and style to a web page.
Graphics can also accompany links and often they even make up part of the link.
Graphics can also be 'clickable'.
Graphics can also be hyperlinks.
Graphics can also be image maps and icons.
Graphics can also differentiate a show from competing shows.
Graphics can also form a part of a searching pattern just like any regular character.
Graphics can also serve as hotlinks.
Graphics can also unify the look and feel over a series of Web pages or slides.
Graphics can appear fuzzy or grainy, particularly when printed.
Graphics can appear on one or both surfaces.
Graphics can attract an audience.
Graphics can be a photograph or a picture created within a graphics package.
Graphics can be a production within a production. . . .
Graphics can be a very powerful addition to text to convey information.
Graphics can be anchors too.
Graphics can be bandwidth intensive, especially when combined in SMIL with video.
Graphics can be customer provided images or camera ready art can be scanned.
Graphics can be customer provided images or camera ready art to be scanned.
Graphics can be difficult too.
Graphics can be great advanced organizers for understanding the information in an article or book.
Graphics can be great.
Graphics can be hand-drawn and scanned, or drawn on the computer.
Graphics can be hand-drawn or done in most computer programs.
Graphics can be hyperlinks also.
Graphics can be in .Gif or .Jpg format.
Graphics can be in the forms of icons, colored lines, backgrounds, or even photographs.
Graphics can be lean, fast, and beautiful, but it takes hard work.
Graphics can be monsters, weapons or special items.
Graphics can be output under a variety of formats on several different machines.
Graphics can be practical.
Graphics can be print, photograph or digital unless otherwise stated.
Graphics can be print-based or electronic.
Graphics can be simple to exquisite, but are in a supporting role unless it is an artistic site.
Graphics can be useful to help people find their place in three ways.
Graphics can be useful.
Graphics can be very easily overdone.
Graphics can blink, fade in and out, rotate, change colors, etc.
Graphics can bring a page to life.
Graphics can bring life to a site and add depth to a product.
Graphics can cause strain on the network and make accessing the pages a painful experience.
Graphics can certainly add to the information and entertainment value of video productions.
Graphics can change slightly on exporting.
Graphics can clarify complex information.
Graphics can consist of photos, business logos or clip-art type images.
Graphics can cut to shape and are unaffected by temperature changes.
Graphics can effectively take the place of text.
Graphics can enhance a site but can never take the place of excellent, informative copy.
Graphics can enhance a site, unsuitable ones create a distraction or make it unnecessarily slow.
Graphics can enhance or destroy a web page.
Graphics can enrich content rather than serving merely as window dressing.
Graphics can greatly enhance the appearance of a page.
Graphics can have the same effect.
Graphics can highlight important information.
Graphics can include computer generated shapes, photographs and even animated graphics.
Graphics can include drawings or photographs.
Graphics can include maps, charts, diagrams, illustrations or photographs.
Graphics can include photographs, artwork, drawings, diagrams.
Graphics can lead the eye.
Graphics can link to content two ways.
Graphics can look amateurish or they can look professional.
Graphics can make a page load very slowly, so be cautious from that perspective too.
Graphics can make a web page fun and more useful.
Graphics can make a Web site visually appealing.
Graphics can make or break a game.
Graphics can make or break a page.
Graphics can make or break a promo, spot, print ad or collateral materials.
Graphics can make or break a site with one ugly button.
Graphics can make or break a web site.
Graphics can make or break a website.
Graphics can make relationships clear and illustrate scientific or economic information.
Graphics can play a major role in the effectiveness of a television ad.
Graphics can play once, as in a content warning, or looped throughout the clip.
Graphics can range from a simple logo at the top to background images throughout the product.
Graphics can really be an attention-getter if used properly.
Graphics can really slow down how fast a page loads.
Graphics can seem a touch coarse at times.
Graphics can serve multiple purposes, however.
Graphics can spruce up any financial presentation.
Graphics can still be large files which leave a user waiting while a page loads.
Graphics can take a long time to display on web pages.
Graphics can take a long time to load.
Graphics capabilities that surpass all other statistical packages on the market.
Graphics change easily.
Graphics Change the scale.
Graphics clearly show air leakage sites and pathways in typical site-built homes.
Graphics combine table formatting and mapping.
Graphics combine with structure in the creation of virtual and built marketing devices.
Graphics come from a number of sources.
Graphics come in a variety of formats.
Graphics come in a wide range of colors, sizes, and images appropriate for worldwide usage.
Graphics come in a wide range of formats.
Graphics come in large and small sizes, in jpeg format.
Graphics come in many forms, from photographic images to inexpensive clip-art.
Graphics comprise the most visible part of the modern Web.
Graphics consist of information on what color to display at a certain point in the image.
Graphics consume memory, and memory takes time to download.
Graphics definitely enhance a page but be careful on the number of graphics and size.
Graphics definitely make things more eye-catching.
Graphics demonstrate the positive effect compression has upon damaged leg veins.
Graphics demonstrate the value of flying a telescope above most of Earth's atmosphere.
Graphics describe concepts.
Graphics design including art work and public relation work in marine business.
Graphics designed specifically for web sites help decrease load times.
Graphics differ from image.
Graphics display well.
Graphics dissolve to reveal a man gazing into the camera.
Graphics do create World Wide Wait.
Graphics do however have their place.
Graphics do the job.
Graphics dominate some designs, while outline-based text layouts are common at others.
Graphics don t mean everything.
Graphics Do's and Dont's of graphics.
Graphics download quickly and are relevant, text is easy to read.
Graphics download quickly due to small file size and use of a limited illustration palette.
Graphics download quickly.
Graphics draw attention because displayed information is easily digestible.
Graphics embedded in pages include a few errors of their own.
Graphics enhance concept.
Graphics enhance the learning experience.
Graphics enhance the text.
Graphics especially benefit from a fast video card.
Graphics exceed the maximum loading time.
Graphics exercise due.
Graphics experience a plus.
Graphics explain how mathematics can be used to develop spirals shapes.
Graphics explain how the technology works.
Graphics Explain the role of graphics in computing.
Graphics extends java.lang.
Graphics fall into two categories, raster and vector.
Graphics file A file that contains digitized images.
Graphics file in .gif, .jpg, or some other format.
Graphics Find or make graphics or photographs.
Graphics fit the size.
Graphics format conversions, change compression types.
Graphics format for images on the Web.
Graphics format similar to gif.
Graphics gain resolution and sound gains fidelity.
Graphics generally refer to photos.
Graphics get a C-plus, with major flaws everywhere.
Graphics get an A-plus.
Graphics get attention.
Graphics get information across quickly, spark interest, improve comprehension, and aid memory.
Graphics Go to a high-graphics equivalent of the current page.
Graphics Go up a level .
Graphics greatly enhance the appearance and sometimes the usability of Web sites.
Graphics has ad.
Graphics have a place, and a picture can be worth a thousand words.
Graphics have a texture like a window screen.
Graphics have proper size, resolution, colors, and cropping.
Graphics have relatively large areas of single colors like cartoons.
Graphics have rich colors but appear slightly dark.
Graphics have their role in showing simple maps and objects.
Graphics HAVE to be transferred in binary mode.
Graphics have to catch the eye, but identify the client positively and memorably.
Graphics have to earn their keep.
Graphics help and more.
Graphics help break up a text only presentation.
Graphics Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Graphics help illustrate navigation, but also include text links.
Graphics help in the reduction of inapplicable details and highlight key information.
Graphics help is available if needed.
Graphics help listeners understand abstract concepts.
Graphics help make web sites exciting.
Graphics help needed for logos, pamphlet design, posters, etc.
Graphics help reviewers understand complex procedures, the flow of information, concepts and ideas.
Graphics help snag visitors.
Graphics help the reader understand how the storms form.
Graphics help the reader understand the physical geometry of the equipment.
Graphics help to clarify concepts.
Graphics help to make the page user friendly and attractive.
Graphics Help with classroom equipment emergencies.
Graphics helps to assure understanding.
Graphics here are minimal but well-placed and appealing.
Graphics here are simple but effective.
Graphics identify and personalize a business' image and message.
Graphics illustrate bullying problems and are appropriate enhancement for the web site.
Graphics illustrate major concepts.
Graphics Illustrate the Following Points.
Graphics Imagine peering through the end of a kaleidoscope.
Graphics improve the comprehension of underlying principles and maintain a viewer's interest.
Graphics includes a variety of plot types and capabilities.
Graphics includes photographs, pictures, animations, movies, or drawings.
Graphics increase loading time dramatically.
Graphics integrate well with text and carry a heavy informational load without overburdening.
Graphics interacts both with the data and with the reconstruction package.
Graphics involve many more bytes than text, but often add little value to the material.
Graphics is able to provide for the design and production of signs on mattboard or acrylic plastic.
Graphics is appropriate and the proper thing to do.
Graphics is easier to learn if one first sees it and then does it.
Graphics is excellent.
Graphics is fashion.
Graphics is free and open for all students.
Graphics is merely another term for a picture.
Graphics is no overwhelming.
Graphics is our only focus here.
Graphics is our specialty.
Graphics is part of the awt class.
Graphics is probably overkill.
Graphics is probably the best that was so far made by Czech hands.
Graphics is quite good, with sound even better than the consoles.
Graphics is usually only an annoyance for people who are looking for information.
Graphics jump on the screen faster.
Graphics Keep graphics files as small as possible.
Graphics Keep graphics to a minimum.
Graphics keep the learner engaged.
Graphics Keep the number and size of graphics to a minimum .
Graphics Learn the differences between a draw and a paint document.
Graphics leave something to be desired.
Graphics Let's get one thing straight immediately.
Graphics link Side and floor plans of a nuhue .
Graphics liven up a page and make it more attractive.
Graphics load more quickly if they contain a small number of colors.
Graphics look amazingly sharp and detailed.
Graphics look and print the same.
Graphics Look at the screen-shots.
Graphics look bad.
Graphics look good from Texas.
Graphics look good, and the developers insist gameplay comes first.
Graphics look good, but a bit dark and rough at the edges.
Graphics look good.
Graphics Look professional and are easy to read.
Graphics look really good.
Graphics look too artificial.
Graphics look very good and the music and sound effects match the game really well.
Graphics look well and load quickly.
Graphics lose clarity when viewed.
Graphics lunches .
Graphics lure the reader to the page.
Graphics make a web page much more interesting.
Graphics make a Web site more interesting, but they complicate the download process.
Graphics make no obvious or logical connection to the subject.
Graphics Make sure graphics support the message.
Graphics Make sure the graphics are relevant and necessary to convey the message.
Graphics make the site colorful and provide a unifying theme.
Graphics make the site or break it.
Graphics match both truck and trailer.
Graphics match the text but there are too many.
Graphics mean a lot to the discerning surfers.
Graphics means graphic designers.
Graphics naturally draw attention to themselves.
Graphics now retain their correct proportions after windows resize or zooming into a window.
Graphics object to use as a graphics buffer.
Graphics objects that is.
Graphics offers maximum exposure for a minimal time commitment.
Graphics only pages with value lower down are a pain.
Graphics overall are nice.
Graphics paint a picture in jurors' minds.
Graphics play a big role in the downloading process.
Graphics play a big role in the presentation of any site.
Graphics play a key role in analyzing the data.
Graphics play an important part in the design of Web pages.
Graphics Preferable all graphics are accessed by thumbnails in the main text of the article.
Graphics print at the printer's maximum resolution.
Graphics print off page.
Graphics print slowly.
Graphics print well.
Graphics provide a compelling look at company vital signs.
Graphics provide a picture of events outside the community.
Graphics Provide a range of graphical display options for the historical data.
Graphics provide another dimension and some animated sequences are included.
Graphics provide breaks from solid blocks of text.
Graphics provide pretty, interesting ways of catching the eye and pleasing the sense of aesthetics.
Graphics provide subtle hints.
Graphics provides a wide range of graphic arts services including high quality four-color printing.
Graphics provides photocopying for large volumes of copies either by photocopy or by off-set press.
Graphics range from animations to backgrounds to photographs.
Graphics range from solid, metal flakes, fades, webs and custom airbrushed graphics.
Graphics really shine except for some minor glitches.
Graphics receive a minor facelift.
Graphics reference the subject indirectly and incompletely.
Graphics render much faster, everything is more responsive and pages overall load much quicker.
Graphics replace the text output below the command field.
Graphics represent the most important aspect in that development of modern computing.
Graphics require a lot more storage than text.
Graphics require a lot of data transmission to call up.
Graphics require bandwidth to load.
Graphics require incredible amounts of disk space and memory.
Graphics require less energy to understand than abstract ideas.
Graphics routinely cause constipation.
Graphics run smoothly, and ship control is responsive.
Graphics run the gamut from simple to complex, all well-done.
Graphics Scrutinize all graphics for America-specific reference.
Graphics see the audio and see the distortions.
Graphics seem one generation behind the cutting edge games.
Graphics Sell One or two good graphics on the main page is always an eye catcher.
Graphics sell today's games.
Graphics show a high degree of originality and creativity.
Graphics show by Pangolin.
Graphics show considerable time and effort on the part of the student.
Graphics show current host power, load, speed, and availability.
Graphics show dithering as graininess, but no banding.
Graphics show no banding in gradients.
Graphics show no originality and little creative energy.
Graphics show slight banding in gradients.
Graphics show the many roll-call votes often required in past conventions to nominate a candidate.
Graphics show the steps leading to a supernova explosion and expansion of a remnant.
Graphics show they do animal rendering for use in fertilizer.
Graphics show very little banding in gradients.
Graphics shown are abstracts of key findings from the full survey results.
Graphics shown are visually helpful of simplifying the meaning of the vocabulary being used.
Graphics simplify the analysis at every step.
Graphics skills a plus.
Graphics slow it a little.
Graphics slow it down considerably.
Graphics slow the loading process.
Graphics slows response time down.
Graphics stand out, especially photos.
Graphics Starts the contig plot.
Graphics stay in our archives indefinitely.
Graphics still core dumps with old code that calls showpqg.
Graphics still suck.
Graphics stream by quickly and smoothly and the colors are rich to look at.
Graphics suck even when maxed.
Graphics support excellent demonstrations of the reflection of waves.
Graphics support learning c. Consistent format throughout d.
Graphics tablet support adds a new level of creativity and control.
Graphics take a few moments to load, please be patient.
Graphics take a little longer.
Graphics take a little time to load.
Graphics take a long time to load, much longer than text.
Graphics take a lot more time to download, which can translate to unhappy users.
Graphics take a lot of time to load.
Graphics take a secondary role to gameplay here.
Graphics take a while to kick in, and there's lots of audio going on.
Graphics take a while to load.
Graphics take considerable time to load.
Graphics take forever.
Graphics take longer to download than text.
Graphics take more time to download from a Web site than text.
Graphics take much longer to download than text.
Graphics take much time to download.
Graphics take no more than two hours to download on a typical connection. .
Graphics take time to download and produce delays which tend to discourage visitors.
Graphics take time to load thus making the site slow.
Graphics take time to load.
Graphics take time to reload.
Graphics take time to transmit and occupy space in the transmitted bundle.
Graphics take time.
Graphics take too long to load.
Graphics take up a great deal of disk space and network bandwidth.
Graphics take up a lot of space and take time to transfer.
Graphics take up a lot of space.
Graphics take up most of down load time.
Graphics take up much more memory and disk space then text.
Graphics take up the vast majority of the size of any web page, focus on simplicity.
Graphics take up valuable space.
Graphics Talk about a cool looking game.
Graphics tend to be a very important element in web page production.
Graphics tend to be large in file size and can easily slow down the loading of a Web page.
Graphics tend to create a sense of reality about an ebook or software product.
Graphics tend to require more storage space than does text.
Graphics tend to slow down the database and it becomes frustrating to flip between records.
Graphics typically become available soon after that time.
Graphics Undying utilizes the Unreal engine and boy does it shine.
Graphics Use a .
Graphics use by permission.
Graphics use different types of formats.
Graphics Use graphics with file extensions of .gif or .jpg - no .bmp or .pict files.
Graphics use much more band width than text.
Graphics use original drawings or pictures which can be altered and colored in the computer.
Graphics Use professional looking graphics.
Graphics used for links to sites are the property of their respective owners.
Graphics used within headers can also signal that a series of web pages is related.
Graphics used within headers can also signal the relatedness of a series of Web pages.
Graphics vary greatly.
Graphics viewing is enhanced with scrollbars, image rotation, and multipage file support.
Graphics work really well.
Graphics work, including custom scanning, animated GIFs, etc.
Graphics always appear below the text in a given section.
Graphics always look good.
Graphics always win - no contest.
Graphics often have text embedded in objects.
Graphics often look different from one computer to another.
Graphics often serve a functional purpose - a picture is worth a thousand words, after all.
Graphics usually have a white, gray or black background.
Graphics usually make web sites dynamic especially enhancing the site's visual recognition.
Graphics usually take time to prepare.
Graphics usually take up more disk space that text files.
All graphics are active links.
All graphics are clickable.
All graphics are copy righted.
All graphics are correctly online.
All graphics are custom built for each client's needs.
All graphics are custom built to suit the client.
All graphics are custom tailored to suit the look and feel desired for a site.
All graphics are custom.
All graphics are customer supplied or stock images .
All graphics are digitally watermarked and tracked.
All graphics are either public domai n, custom or free.
All graphics are for personal use only.
All graphics are free for others to use.
All graphics are free for personal and commercial use.
All graphics are free for personal and non-commercial use.
All graphics are free for personal and non-profit use.
All graphics are free for personal or commercial use.
All graphics are free to use also.
All graphics are free to use for both commercial and non-commercial purposes.
All graphics are free to use on personal and non-commercial sites.
All graphics are from .
All graphics are from free pages.
All graphics are FULL size on pages.
All graphics are hardware accelerated for maximum performance.
All graphics are image maps.
All graphics are in the public domain except where stated.
All graphics are in the public domain.
All graphics are interactive and can be displayed in several different views.
All graphics are non copy writted to the best of our knowledge.
All graphics are of the front panel unless otherwise noted.
All graphics are original and professionally designed.
All graphics are original creations except as noted.
All graphics are original creations with the exception of graphics supplied by customer.
All graphics are original designs.
All graphics are original except animated flags and temperature indicators.
All graphics are original in all aspects.
All graphics are original works or public domain.
All graphics are original, except for scanned Victorian images.
All graphics are original, royalty free or purchased.
All graphics are original.
All graphics are originals from the book.
All graphics are printable with the click of a mouse.
All graphics are public domain.
All graphics are royalty free.
All graphics are separate from study text.
All graphics are someone's work.
All graphics are subject to approval.
All graphics are the creation and property of the webmaster.
All graphics are the property of the respective manufacturer.
All graphics are the property of their respective owners.
All graphics are the property of there originator.
All graphics are the respective owners.
All graphics are the same size and are named as above.
All graphics are the solely property of the respected persons and or business.
All graphics are totally original and optimized for the Web.
All graphics are transparent.
All graphics are very easy to use and customize.
All graphics are watermarked with our identity.
All graphics have text descriptions.
All graphics here are free for personal use only.
All graphics here are original and free.
All graphics objects support meta data.
All graphics provide links to their related web pages.
All graphics reflecting site themes are original in design.
All graphics remain the intellectual properties of their respective designers.
All graphics reside on our web server.
All graphics used above are the registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All graphics used in our site are our property.
All graphics utilized herein are for non-commerical viewing use only.
All graphics velcro on.
All graphics work better in horizontal format because a TV screen is wider than it is tall.
Any graphics are a waste of time.
ANY graphics format to ANY other.
Every graphic adds more to the time it takes to see a page.
Every graphic adds visual complexity and download time to the page.
Every graphic has an alt label.
Every graphic is optimized for fast downloading.
Every graphic takes time to load.
Every graphic used by our design team is custom created for each client.
Many graphics are available for download, to be reprinted in newspapers, magazines and websites.
Many graphics are available free from the web.
Many graphics get by fine with just an appropriate ALT attribute.
More graphics appear, which the announcer reads again.
More graphics can yield more beauty.
Most graphics are in full color and the text is laid out in an easy to read format.
Most graphics are in sets.
Most graphics are large files.
Most graphics can be either, and browsers can view either.
Most graphics contain some words, letters or numbers.
Most graphics end with .jpg or .gif.
Most graphics have links for more information.
Most graphics viewing programs include conversion capabilities.
Some graphics appear by permission courtesy of their authors, and are indicated as such.
Some graphics are also hot links.
Some graphics are also selectable.
Some graphics are available in Spanish as well as English.
Some graphics are available.
Some graphics are blackline masters.
Some graphics are easy to create.
Some graphics are from sites that are no longer online.
Some graphics are from the CorelDRAW clipart collection.
Some graphics are higher resolution for quality and require a faster connection or patience.
Some graphics are hyperlinks as well.
Some graphics are in the realm of what is known as public domain.
Some graphics are large.
Some graphics are necessary, of course.
Some graphics are nice but too many or ones that are too large become counterproductive.
Some graphics are public domain and can be used freely anywhere.
Some graphics are registered trademarks.
Some graphics are very high resolution so please be patient while they download.
Some graphics are very large and they take time to display.
Some graphics contain links.
Some graphics give problems even when they are labeled correctly.
Some graphics have a magnifying glass icon in the bottom, right-hand corner.
Some graphics layout for banners and advertisements.
Some graphics link to the artist's own web page.
Some graphics make a page more attractive and descriptive.
Some graphics reconstruct tangible images such as a medical experiment or a building layout.
Some graphics render very slowly through the browser plug-in.
Some graphics show trends as well.
Some graphics take too long to load and can be a distraction.
Graphical accompaniments are also highly encouraged.
Graphical adventures tend to lack depth and interface gives too many puzzles away.
Graphical analyses are impressive presentation slides as such.
Graphical analyses highlight key construction trends.
Graphical analyses provide a quick visualization of disk space usage.
Graphical analysis is only available for Australian indicators at present.
Graphical analysis is required.
Graphical analysis See the equation, graph, and coordinates all at the same time.
Graphical annotations show inconsistencies and clarify cryptic formulas.
Graphical arrows show latch and hinge approaches on both the push and pull sides.
Graphical backgrounds can make text very difficult to read.
Graphical banner is available in credits section.
Graphical browsers can display inline images and display text in various type styles.
Graphical browsers enable to delivery multimedia on the web.
Graphical browsers leave a narrow margin between the edge of the display area and the content.
Graphical browsers place input fields in front of the users.
Graphical browsers run from any computer that has a direct connection to the Internet.
All graphical browsers can display GIFs inline.
All graphical browsers support it.
Most graphical browsers can display jpeg files.
Most graphical browsers do.
Most graphical browsers have a menu button near the top left corner.
Most graphical browsers support image insertion.
Graphical bugs creep into the mix as well.
Graphical buttons are images inside a hotspot.
Graphical buttons lead to project information and software control options, etc.
Graphical calendar reports available by day, week or month.
Graphical characters have twice the width of other characters in the font set.
More graphical clients are also available for most computers, and can be found at boombox.micro.
Graphical components make the model building interfaces understandable and intuitive.
Any graphical component is capable of changing the mouse cursor.
Graphical compression refers to choosing one file format over another.
Graphical content embedded within Web pages continues to grow richer.
All graphical content is new and completely original.
Graphical contexts are, too.
Graphical control interfaces Graphical elements can be a helpful in operation of computer programs.
Graphical controls allow the user to manipulate fitness and sound attributes.
Graphical convergence is a graphical exercise on recursive sequences.
Graphical counter includes image size and alternate text.
Graphical cuts are operational and more powerful.
Graphical data is at the end of the article.
Graphical data is available on selected topics.
Graphical data is bit oriented, printed on the surface of the card to represent a visual image.
Graphical data is refreshed as frequently as one second intervals.
Graphical data is supplied along with textual reports.
Graphical depictions are helpful here.
Graphical descriptions are visually more pleasing, but are also harder to make.
Graphical design attracts visitors but the content is the most important aspect of the site.
Graphical detail is stunning.
Graphical display allows the display of one or more attributes in a variety of graphical formats.
Graphical displays are exceptionally powerful tools for data presentation and for data analysis.
Graphical displays are on good looking marine chart format.
Graphical displays can show the progress of data values over time intervals.
Graphical displays provide individual zone status information in real-time.
Graphical displays using networks help to perceive quickly relationships among project activities.
Some graphical effects are nice.
Graphical efficiency is important.
Graphical elements come in a minimum, so loading times are reasonably short even via a modem.
Graphical enhancements are truly spectacular.
Graphical examples are below each portion of instructions.
Graphical excellence consists of complex ideas communicated with clarity, precision and efficiency.
Graphical excellence is based on substance, statistics and design.
Graphical facilities are an important and extremely versatile component of the . environment.
Graphical features show how the space is allocated for ease of reporting.
Graphical feedback is given for each answer choice.
Graphical filters do the same.
Most graphical functions support an additional argument to specify the color.
Graphical help consists of screen images of the actual software.
Graphical icons can also spell confusion for foreign readers.
Graphical icons have new looks.
Graphical icons show the current status of all active lines and extensions.
Graphical illustration plays a major role.
Graphical images are essential to an effective web page.
Graphical images can also be links.
Graphical images show the stats more comprehensable.
Graphical impact is exceptional, creating a consistent 'look and feel' for the site.
Graphical improvement are in the works.
Graphical indicators make it easy to identify runaway CPU or memory usage.
Graphical information is shipped via sockets to a dedicated graphics server.
Graphical information is stored in one of two basic methods in personal computers.
Graphical installation goes smoothly, either on a new computer or beside another operating system.
Graphical interface makes it easy to operate.
Graphical interface makes writing rules intuitive easy.
Graphical interface needs work.
Graphical interfaces allow the user to monitor the cell's changing chemistry.
Graphical interfaces are generally helpful to new and casual users.
Graphical interfaces are interfaces.
Graphical interfaces can play a key role.
Graphical interfaces can replace long textual lists.
Graphical interfaces require much greater computational resources than command shells.
All graphical interface is for morons.
Graphical interpretation allows early spotting of trends.
Many graphical items are available including ovals, lines, polygons, and curves.
Graphical iteration is a visual technique to see where points go under iteraton.
Graphical languages are appropriate.
Graphical layout presents a single month of digits with no annotation.
Graphical lexicons are one possible solution.
Graphical limitations prevent display of Chinese islands.
Graphical links are graphics which serve as links, or buttons, to other sections or documents.
Graphical links are java or non-java.
Graphical links are often very effective.
Graphical links catch the user's eye.
Graphical links work the same as text links.
Graphical management reports for trend analysis and long-term planning.
Graphical maps can contain any number of events.
Graphical maps help select a county in Illinois.
Graphical maps make selecting a county in California a snap.
Graphical maps make selecting a county in Hawaii a snap.
Graphical maps make selecting a county in Mississippi a snap.
Graphical maps make selecting a county in Nebraska a snap.
Graphical maps make selecting a county in New York a snap.
Graphical maps make selecting a county in Vermont a snap.
Graphical material is preferable over tables whenever possible.
Graphical matrix shows pair conversations with lines that reflect total traffic flow.
Graphical menus are available on many Books.
Graphical methods are better suited than numerical methods for identifying patterns in the data.
Graphical methods are especially helpful.
Graphical methods are however extremely useful for drawing such conclusions.
Graphical methods are sometimes elegant when the problem involves irregularly curved boundaries.
Graphical methods matter.
Graphical models provide a toolbox that allows for the construction of complex probabilistic models.
Graphical navigation has consistent look and feel.
Graphical navigation has logical placement.
Graphical navigation is clear and easily read.
Graphical objects can be inset plots, chemical structures, logos or others.
Graphical objects can themselves represent tuples which point to any number of tables.
Graphical optimization shows clear windows for multiple response optimization.
Graphical output is also available.
Graphical output is favoured over reams of printed numbers.
Graphical output is still rather crude.
Graphical outputs show the progress of the flow front for various combinations of the above factors.
Graphical page uses frames, a fair amount of images, music, etc.
Graphical pages are under development.
Graphical pages load extremely slowly through modem connections.
All graphical parameters are adjustable, as is the type and range of the axes.
Graphical performance is therefore much slower.
Graphical presentations are also available for deformed shape and code stress compliance chart.
Graphical presentations are also available for stress profile and code stress compliance chart.
Graphical presentations help one see patterns.
Graphical programs display the remote computer with familiar icons of folders and trees.
Graphical programming is a gimmic.
Graphical report gives detailed view of material study.
Graphical reports Provides quick visual summation of problems.
Graphical reports show trends and can help to identify problem areas.
Graphical representation is also available.
Graphical representations are also possible, including phase diagrams for the systems.
Graphical representations are located in desktops.
Most graphical representations are from our scientific publications.
Graphical result displays Line graphs of velocity and volume flow.
Graphical results can be output on popular printers and plotters.
Graphical screens are pre-literate, a backward step.
Graphical script related commands Several commands are very handy in conjunction with scripts.
Graphical selection is also possible through cursor pick.
Some graphical sequences seem forced, however, and some flaws jump out once or twice.
Graphical services are extra.
Graphical summaries are often as useful as numerical ones and a box plot is one of the easiest.
Graphical support includes schematic diagrams, block diagrams, performance plots, and photography.
Graphical techniques allow more direct intuitive interactions with the entities of interest.
Graphical text is another matter.
Graphical text is avoided to promote speedier loading.
Graphical time reports that still work on text-based browsers.
Graphical tools allow even very complex guidelines to be built easily.
Graphical tools allow users to create and automatically deploy voice-fax applications.
Graphical tools are very useful for displaying and undersatnading the model.
Graphical tools eliminate much of the tedium in text and picture placement.
Graphical tools make it easy to create, update and delete business rules.
Graphical tools provide many related functions such as user defined phrase library.
Graphical utility shows shares and connected users for one or more servers in a single window.
Graphical version is available.
Graphical views have a display area with a row of controls underneath it.
Graphical viewers provide a graphical view of data returned by various analyses.
All graphical widgets inherit from the Widget base class.
Graphical works are also available.
Graphics acceleration has no impact on the running speed of the simulator.
Graphics accelerators help perform operations that are widely used, such as filling triangles.
Graphics accelerators provide the graphics functions.
Graphics adapter supports DVD movie playback features.
Graphics application is as important as any other web-application.
Graphics applications are always happier when they're closer to the hardware.
Most graphics applications have commands that display the size of the image in pixels.
Most graphics applications provide an option to create images using the browser-safe or web palette.
Many graphics artists allow the use of their graphics free for non-profit organizations.
Some graphics boards are better than others at controlling or reducing flicker.
Graphics calculator is required.
All graphics calculators are programmable.
Graphics cards are a case in point.
Graphics cards are preferred.
Graphics cards are the components in a personal computer that generate the images seen on a monitor.
Graphics cards are the next in the list of overclockers' preferences.
Graphics cards contain memory chips.
Graphics cards get faster, hard disk drives get bigger, processors get more powerful and so on.
Graphics chips are among the unsung heroes of computing today.
Graphics design can be one of the most trying experiences for any novice webmaster.
Graphics design can greatly affect web site design costs.
Graphics design includes custom logos, banners, menu buttons, etc.
Graphics design includes image enhancement, text and artwork.
Graphics design is also quite different on the web.
Graphics design is an art.
Graphics design is available for an additional fee.
Graphics designs are also available as needed.
Graphics designers are in the business of creating pictures for websites.
Some graphics devices are able to display grayscale images.
Some graphics devices impose a limit on the number of vertices there can be in a polygon.
Graphics Editors Create and edit graphics for the web or any other use.
Most graphics editors are extremely easy to use.
Graphics engine is line based, providing a very precise emulation.
Graphics engine is the same as it was in The Last Revelation.
Graphics files are always binary files.
Graphics files are much bigger than sound files.
Graphics files are visible in the web page after they are dragged into the composer window.
Graphics files can tie up a lot of disk space.
Graphics files come in many different formats, indicated by the extension to the file name.
Graphics files cover the entire study area.
Graphics files have special filename extensions that identify what graphics format the file is in.
Graphics files take up the most space.
Graphics formats are also similar.
Graphics formats are how images are compressed and stored for transfer to other places.
Graphics formats supported include .bmp, .jpg, .gif, and .pcx.
All graphics formats are acceptable.
Every graphics format has format-specific settings.
Many graphics formats use some form of data compression.
Most graphics formats appear in two forms - vector or raster.
Most graphics formats are acceptable.
Graphics libraries appear, evolve, and often die out.
Most graphics library have a way of drawing geometric forms.
Graphics primitives are the shapes, text and images and screens and printers are the output devices.
Most graphics processors can apply one or two textures to any given pixel per clock cycle.
Graphics programs are long.
Graphics programs are memory hogs.
Graphics programs can now present the same ideas as multiple overhead transparencies.
Graphics programs contain text-only information.
Graphics programs help prevent last minute trial exhibit preparation.
Graphics programs help students develop spatial concept skills.
Graphics programs spend a lot of their time in native libraries.
Graphics programs vary enormously in terms of their cost and sophistication.
Many graphics programs make a grid available.
Many graphics programs support both color models.
Most graphics programs can convert fonts to curves.
Most graphics programs have a very high learning curve.
Some graphics programs can make seamless tiles.
Some graphics programs come with a large library, usually on CD-ROM disks.
Some graphics programs have a screen-capture function built in.
Graphics scales are user-controlled.
Graphics software allows the litigator to create effective charts, graphs, and diagrams.
Graphics software can create images from scratch.
Graphics software Creating graphics for websites requires graphics software.
Graphics software is a useful tool for communicating information.
Graphics tablets go by a variety of names digitizer tablets, pen tablets or touch tablets.
Graphics terminals are available that plot results immediately on video screens.
More graphing options are now available by right clicking the graph display.
Graphite fibers are available in different strengths and modulus values.
Graphite fibers run the full length of the rod, butt to tip, providing exceptional sensitivity.
Graphite conducts conductivity.
Graphite conducts electrical conductivity.
Graphite conducts heat.
Graphite consists of flat sheets of interlinked carbon atoms.
Graphite consists of layers of carbon atoms.
Graphite consists of sheets of strongly bonded hexagonal rings.
Graphite consists of sheets or layers of graphene.
Graphite facilitates the fission chain reaction in a graphite reactor by slowing neutrons.
Graphite finish with wire and screen consruction.
Graphite furnace unitswill give greater sensitivity and are the only way to go for someapplications.
Graphite has (part) atoms.
Graphite has layer structures.
Graphite has molecular structures.
Graphite has structures.
Graphite is carbon
Graphite is carbon.
Graphite is located in pencils.
Graphite is minerals.
Graphite isa carbon.
Graphite occurs as large bodies within iron or in separate masses.
Graphite plate with titanium coating for extremely high power capability and inherent gettering.
Graphite works good, too.
Graphite works well as a lubricant.
Graphites provide great lubricity, but depend on oils for preservative qualities.
Most graphite has layer structures.
Most graphite has molecular structures.
Most graphite has structures.
Most graphite is produced through the metamorphism of organic material in rocks.
Some graphite has energy.
Some graphite has high stability.
Some graphite has high thermal stability.
Some graphite has layers.
Some graphite has low resistance.
Some graphite has resistance.
Some graphite has stability.
Some graphite has thermal stability.
Some graphite is found in igneous rocks and also as nodules inside of iron meteorites.
Some graphite is manufactured while some is mined from the above locations.
A graphologist is a specialist
Graphologists believe they can accurately detect many personality traits.
Most graphologists boast of providing evidence as expert witnesses in court.
A graphology is a field
Graphology answers questions that can start individuals on the way to greater self-understanding.
Graphophonemic cues refer to using combined letters and sounds to decode words.
Graphophonic cues involve a reader' s knowledge of sound-spelling relationships.
Graphtech bridge saddles and string trees.
A grappa is brandy
Most grappa is harsh, coarse, young and fairly mediocre.
A grappler is a tool
Grapplers decide how to attack and defend based on where they wind up on the floor.
Grapplers get ready.
Grapplers look to take next step State tournament berths are on the line beginning today.
Some grapplers say the problems and the losses have come because of little things.
Grappling arts are the best.
Grappling arts involve longer periods of contact.
A grappling hook is a tool
Grappling hook sounds and models, flag sounds and models, and rune sounds are included.
A grappling is a struggle
Grappling builds confidence, self-defense skills and motivation.
Grappling demands complete body movement.
Grappling exists in one form or another in every culture.
Grappling holds shift back and forth.
Grappling is a sport very much like a combination of wrestling and judo.
Grappling is a very diverse and wonderful art.
Grappling is combat on the ground, comparative to wrestling, practiced with a partner.
Grappling is primal.
Grappling provides an excellent total body, resistance-based type of workout.
Grappling seems to be a rather basic, instinctive sport played mostly by men.
Grappling usually consists of various combinations of the face buttons and direction pad.
Graptolite fossils are commonest in the black shales.
Many graptolite fossils resemble hieroglyphs written on the rock.
Grass blades turn yellow and then become brown and die.
Some grass blades grow from bottoms.
Grass fires are a serious problem in the great plains.
Most grass hay based rations are very low in calcium and out of balance with calcium.
Some grass hay provides adequate intake.
Some grass hay provides adequate protein intake.
Some grass hay provides intake.
Some grass hay provides protein intake.
Grass Lake is located in Jackson County Michigan.
Grass Lake is located in northeastern Jackson County .
Grass Lake is on the left.
Some grass lizards live in regions.
Grass pickerel prefer heavily vegetated areas of slow-moving streams, lakes, and ponds.
Grass plants grow in mixture.
Grass plants make food.
Grass plants produce leaves.
Grass prairie regions have precipitation.
Grass savanna supports graze mammals.
Grass savanna supports mammals.
Grass seeds contain fungi.
Grass seeds have high resistance.
Grass seeds have pest resistance.
Grass seeds have resistance.
Grass seeds need consistent moisture.
Grass seeds need moisture.
Most grass seeds are easily distinctive in appearance from one another.
Most grass seeds contain fungi.
Most grass seeds have high resistance.
Most grass seeds have pest resistance.
Most grass seeds have resistance.
Some grass seeds contain a fungus known as endophyte.
Some grass seeds have small barbs or hooks which make removal difficult.
Some grass seeds produce foliage.
Grass snakes shed skin.
Most grass snakes shed skin.
Some grass spiders go through metamorphosis.
Some grass spiders go through simple metamorphosis.
Grass Valley Ca.
Grass Valley enjoys four seasons of mild weather.
Grass Valley has a slightly different flavor, having recently undergone a face lift.
Grass Valley has many fine restaurants and entertainment venues of it's own.
Grass Valley invites exploration.
Grass Valley is a bustling community with a sense of history and a view to the future.
Grass Valley is a few miles south of Nevada City.
Grass Valley is a small town with a abundant amount of local artists.
Grass Valley is the leader in digital production and software platforms in the market of television.
Grass Valley offers a gorgeous hilltop vista.
Grass adjusts better to frequent rather than infrequent mowing.
Grass becomes weeds.
Grass catches fire and runs up the mountain.
Grass competes with wildflowers.
Grass covers alpine zones.
Grass covers landscapes.
Grass covers zones.
Grass dominates environments.
Grass has (part) cell membranes.
Grass has (part) cells.
Grass has (part) corpi.
Grass has (part) cytoplasm.
Grass has (part) nuclei.
Grass has (part) plasma membranes.
Grass has (part) sections.
Grass has (part) vacuoles.
Grass has (part) vegetables.
Grass has complex structures.
Grass has cuts.
Grass has density.
Grass has fibrous roots.
Grass has lower density.
Grass has lower mean density.
Grass has mean density.
Grass has ranges.
Grass has roots.
Grass has seeds.
Grass has structures.
Grass is a herb
Grass is capable of burns.
Grass is edibles.
Grass is located in countries.
Grass is located in countrysides.
Grass is located in fairgrounds.
Grass is located in fields.
Grass is located in gardens.
Grass is located in ground.
Grass is located in lawns.
Grass is located in parks.
Grass is located in rest areas.
Grass is located in state parks.
Grass is located in trees.
Grass is open air.
Grass is plants.
Grass isa herb.
Grass occurs in locations.
Grass produces grass seeds.
Grass produces seeds.
Grass provides brood habitats.
Grass provides food sources.
Grass provides habitats.
Grass provides ideal habitats.
Grass provides perfect food sources.
Grass provides rear habitats.
Grass provides resources.
Grass provides sources.
Grass turn rows or brush along the banks of a ditch or fence row often provide outlets.
Grasses add interest to a garden by changing with the seasons.
Grasses add life to a winter scene otherwise devoid of foliage.
Grasses also add a lovely soft sound, a rustling from their ever-moving leaves.
Grasses also appear dark green and stunted with leaf burn symptoms.
Grasses also are among the oldest of cultivated crops.
Grasses also can reduce soil erosion and enhance wildlife habitat.
Grasses also have flowers .
Grasses also help hold the flowers upright, and provide cover and seeds for birds.
Grasses also provide cover for small mammals like voles and shrews.
Grasses also support the wildflowers, and provide cover and seeds for birds.
Grasses also tend to turn darker in color as they go under drought stress.
Grasses also thrive in an environment with periodic fire.
Grasses appear in Miocene.
Grasses appear to be their preferred roosting sites.
Grasses are a dominant plant of the western landscape.
Grasses are a mainstay.
Grasses are a specialty and can be custom-grown.
Grasses are A. gymnosperms.
Grasses are able to survive fires because they grow from the bottom instead of the top.
Grasses are also difficult to manage with cultivation because of their fibrous root systems.
Grasses are also important food for waterfowl.
Grasses are also wind pollinated flowering plants.
Grasses are an essential part of new garden styles.
Grasses are an important source of food for people as well as animals.
Grasses are annuals, perennials and biennials.
Grasses are attractive to egg-laying armyworm moths and stalk borer moths.
Grasses are blue grama, sideoats, grama, white tidena, vine mesquite, and Indian grass.
Grasses are common.
Grasses are cosmopolitan from the equator to the arctic circle.
Grasses are deeply rooted and form a continuous cover.
Grasses are easier to maintain and less prone to hang into the water.
Grasses are easy to grow if fed the right nutrients.
Grasses are easy to move, even when mature.
Grasses are eaten primarily after rain, and before herbs and forbs are available.
Grasses are effective in preventing soil erosion, whereas dicots usually have a tap root system.
Grasses are especially beautiful near water, among rocks and stones and lining pathways.
Grasses are especially competitive.
Grasses are essential to anchoring arid topsoil in a dryland region.
Grasses are essential to the environment.
Grasses are fairly disease resistant.
Grasses are food for the majority of the world's domestic and wild grazing animals.
Grasses are found in the full sunlight of a field rather than in shady woodland.
Grasses are great for dry soil.
Grasses are in condition to burn.
Grasses are interesting all year.
Grasses are invaluable in soil conservation because of their ability to hold soil in place.
Grasses are low and the game-viewing easier.
Grasses are mainly bermudagrass or native grasses.
Grasses are mainly bluestem, buffalograss, and threeawn grass.
Grasses are mainly common bermudagrass and dallisgrass.
Grasses are mainly gramas, tridens or threeawns.
Grasses are mainly species of andropogon, paspalum and panicum.
Grasses are mixed to create color variations that give depth and dimension to the course.
Grasses are monocotyledons, so that when the seeds germinate each one sends up a single leaf.
Grasses are most abundant in prairies, savannas, steppes, and other open habitats.
Grasses are much tougher and eventually cover the entire area severely reducing the biodiversity .
Grasses are multistemmed plants with fibrous root systems.
Grasses are one of the most common perennial plants that grow in a prairie.
Grasses are one of the most important plants within the grassland ecosystem found in the park.
Grasses are only edible to herbivores .
Grasses are part of the monocotyledon plant group, also referred to as monocots.
Grasses are particularly effective near the seashore or in pondside plantings.
Grasses are particularly insidious weeds.
Grasses are replaced by shrubs, which in turn give way to trees and their associated vegetation.
Grasses are so tranquil and serene.
Grasses are some of the most successful plants on Earth, found in almost every ecosystem.
Grasses are sometimes bent to create shelter.
Grasses are specially preferred during the early wet season.
Grasses are sun-loving plants, for the most part.
Grasses are sun-loving plants.
Grasses are tall or short, depending on the availability of moisture.
Grasses are the basic fabric of the prairie since they are uniquely adapted for life in the open.
Grasses are the dominant plant life in the savanna.
Grasses are the dominant plants in most forage-based enterprises throughout the world.
Grasses are the dominant plants in various ecosystems.
Grasses are the dominant plants, while grazing and burrowing species are the dominant animals.
Grasses are the dominant plants,while grazing and burrowing species are the dominant animals.
Grasses are the dominant plants.
Grasses are the dominant prairie vegetation.
Grasses are the dominant vegetation.
Grasses are the main form of plant life on the savannah.
Grasses are the most common cause of allergy.
Grasses are the most successful of all plants.
Grasses are the only plants that can stand up to repeated recreational use.
Grasses are the understated gems of the garden.
Grasses are the world's most widely-distributed flowering plants.
Grasses are their food.
Grasses are tolerant of most soil conditions and they benefit from mulch.
Grasses are unusual angiosperms because they lack flowers and fruit.
Grasses are useful in different types of landscapes, including native, plains and meadow.
Grasses are usually less than a meter tall.
Grasses are very adaptable, growing in poorer soils than many other garden plants.
Grasses are very basic plants with a root, stem and flower.
Grasses are very competitive in gardens and make harvesting difficult.
Grasses are very distinctive plants.
Grasses are very dry and hot exhausts can easily touch off a blaze.
Grasses are very successful, efficient plants.
Grasses are very undemanding, low maintenance and easy to cultivate.
Grasses are wheat and wild oats.
Grasses are wind pollinated flowering plants.
Grasses are, well, grasses.
Grasses become dominant with increasing fuel loads and high-intensity fires.
Grasses begin to grow in the bottom, and mud, formerly carried off by the river, thickens.
Grasses begin to show signs of growth.
Grasses build a very hardy and extensive root system.
Grasses burst forth, again and again, fiercely proclaiming the supremacy of grains.
Grasses can also reduce the risk of digestive upsets.
Grasses can also use broadcast phosphorus.
Grasses can be annual or perennial.
Grasses can be deciduous or evergreen and there are advantages to the gardener in either strategy.
Grasses can be the most pervasive of all weeds.
Grasses can chemically retard tree growth .
Grasses can even add sound to the garden in rustling foliage and dried seed heads.
Grasses can grow in wide geographical ranges that include a broad variety of edaphic conditions.
Grasses can reach several meters in length and float at the top of the water.
Grasses can sometimes be a little more difficult to identify.
Grasses can withstand trampling better and so are able to protect the soil in higher velocity winds.
Grasses can, therefore, reach water that is unavailable to the shallower-rooted rhododendron.
Grasses change color from brilliant green to ocher as the seasons pass.
Grasses come in many heights, colors, textures and water requirements.
Grasses come next in the spring and early summer.
Grasses come with various heights, flower types, blooming times and foliage characteristics.
Grasses compete very strongly for Potassium, such as in grass dominated early spring pastures.
Grasses compete with tree seedlings.
Grasses compose most of their diet.
Grasses consist mainly of sand bluestem, little bluestem, and sand saltbrush.
Grasses consist of big and little bluestems, indiangrass, and sunflower.
Grasses consist of native species of western wheatgrass.
Grasses contain chlorophyll, which gives plants their green color.
Grasses contain crude fibres, crude protein and some minerals.
Grasses cover nearly one third of the earth and one half of the area of the United States.
Grasses create oxygen and absorb pollutants such as soot, dust and carbon monoxide.
Grasses deliver a tropical appearance or can be a dramatic accent for pond sites and water gardens.
Grasses develop beautiful seed heads in the fall.
Grasses differ in their tendency to produce thatch.
Grasses differ tremendously from up north to down here.
Grasses do best with spring and summer seedings.
Grasses do better when the whole root zone is wetted and then partially dries out between waterings.
Grasses do have flowers, but they are small and lack showy petals.
Grasses do peak at different times, but they all become somewhat dormant in mid-summer.
Grasses do well on prairies.
Grasses dominate the lower stratum.
Grasses enter largely into the construction of all the nests.
Grasses establish a taproot upon germination.
Grasses evolve, allowing an adaptive radiation of rodents and snakes.
Grasses exhibit stunting, chlorosis and a gradual reddening of the tips followed by necrosis.
Grasses feed the world.
Grasses form tough fibrous roots that anchor the plant into the ground.
Grasses generally have fibrous root systems.
Grasses grow better after a fire, attracting game animals to the new forage.
Grasses grow everywhere in the world, from the Arctic Circle into the jungles near the equator.
Grasses grow from the base of the leaf rather than the tip.
Grasses grow here in abundance and a variety of animals live here.
Grasses grow on many terraces.
Grasses grow poorly in dense shade.
Grasses grow rapidly when moisture is available.
Grasses grow taller here than in cooler, drier regions.
Grasses growing in compacted soil tend to be shallow-rooted.
Grasses have a competitive advantage over trees in areas that experience frequent disturbance.
Grasses have a fibrous root system.
Grasses have a more extensive root system which reduces runoff aiding in the fan stability.
Grasses have a subapical meristem- a growing region that is located below the tip of the plant.
Grasses have a very simple structure, and a very simple way of life.
Grasses have both aboveground and belowground parts.
Grasses have extensive root systems which remain alive after a burn.
Grasses have fibrous root systems.
Grasses have fibrous roots.
Grasses have the lowest sulfur needs.
Grasses help control runoff and encourage infiltration of water and pollutants into the soil.
Grasses help hold the soil while the flowers become established.
Grasses hold sand dunes in place.
Grasses inhabit the earth in greater abundance than any other group of plants.
Grasses Let's look at some popular ornamental grass groups.
Grasses look good in flat containers such as clay saucers.
Grasses make up most of the vegetation across the endless miles of sandy-loam soil.
Grasses make up most of their diet, along with forbs and occasionally seeds and insects.
Grasses make up the bulk of the wild budgerigars' diet, especially after rain, followed by forbs.
Grasses occupy only a fraction of their historic habitat.
Grasses occur as annuals or perennials and both produce an abundance of small seeds.
Grasses play a major part in helping to keep erosion at bay.
Grasses pollinate in late spring and ragweed in the fall.
Grasses pollinate in late spring and summer.
Grasses pose no problems if planted properly.
Grasses possess rhizomes.
Grasses prefer sun.
Grasses produce huge quantities of pollen and seed.
Grasses protect soil during the winter and also produce great forage or plowdown organic matter.
Grasses provide food for adult turkeys, and an environment for poults to find insects.
Grasses provide multi-season interest, with striking foliage and ornamental seedheads.
Grasses reduce weed invasion and soil erosion.
Grasses release pollen during the daytime .
Grasses reproduce by sending up wands of flower-like structures that are pollinated by the wind.
Grasses require annual N applications.
Grasses require little effort to maintain.
Grasses require sunlight to grow, but sediment in the runoff clouds the water.
Grasses require the most amounts of water and maintenance.
Grasses respond and start to grow based upon temperature.
Grasses return first, then the shrubs and, finally, the trees.
Grasses serve several purposes in the garden.
Grasses start to grow earlier than most perennials and spread quickly in early spring.
Grasses start to grow, adding a touch of green to an otherwise brown vista.
Grasses stick out of the stream as it runs into the pond.
Grasses sustain the abundant life of the savanna.
Grasses take over and dominate the landscape for a number of years and then are succeeded by shrubs.
Grasses tend to contain large amounts of opal phytoliths, which are like sharp glass needles.
Grasses tend to make best use of any available moisture.
Grasses thrive in the Kalahari during the summer rainy season.
Grasses trap the drifting grains of sand.
Grasses use large amounts of nitrogen and potash and leaves smaller amounts available for the trees.
Grasses use stolons and rhizomes to reach out and establish new grass culms.
Grasses use the wind to pollinate their flowers.
Grasses vary greatly in their tolerance to shade.
Grasses vary in growth habit as well as temperature requirements.
Grasses vary in the amount of sunlight needed to sustain growth.
Grasses work best for farrowing lots because they keep down the mud.
Grasses usually go into a semi-dormant state and are vulnerable to disturbance.
Grasses usually produce pollen during the late spring and summer.
All grasses are edible, but the cellulose can be difficult to digest.
All grasses are narrow leaf.
All grasses are unique, growing in a distinctly different fashion from other plants.
All grasses have parallel venation.
All grasses have some insect problems - none are resistant.
All grasses prefer sun, although some tolerate shade better than others.
Any grass has fibrous roots.
Any grass is removed from within the lines.
Every grass has an ideal mowing height.
Every grass responds to more intense maintenance with a better overall look.
Many grass feeding desert leafhoppers have short wings and are unable to fly.
Many grasses are also in flower.
Many grasses are less wear resistance than other.
Many grasses are self-compatible annuals that invest a large portion of their energy as fruits.
Many grasses are short , but some grasses , like bamboo can grow very tall .
Many grasses are short, but some grasses, like bamboo can grow very tall.
Many grasses are very easy to grow.
Many grasses can live quite happily under a heavy layer of snow.
Many grasses continue to pollinate all summer and even into the fall.
Many grasses encourage touch as well.
Many grasses grow erectly, but others flow outward in a graceful vase or fountain shape.
Many grasses grown in Florida make good hay for horses.
Many grasses have a rhizome, stolon, etc.
Many grasses have below ground rhizomes connecting above ground shoots or tillers.
Many grasses have panicles of flowers.
More grass attracts more rodents.
More grass is taken when new green growth appears in spring.
Most grass becomes weeds.
Most grass competes with wildflowers.
Most grass covers alpine zones.
Most grass covers landscapes.
Most grass covers zones.
Most grass dominates environments.
Most grass has complex structures.
Most grass has density.
Most grass has fibrous roots.
Most grass has lower density.
Most grass has lower mean density.
Most grass has ranges.
Most grass has roots.
Most grass has seeds.
Most grass has structures.
Most grass is grown in early summer.
Most grass occurs in locations.
Most grass produces grass seeds.
Most grass produces seeds.
Most grass provides brood habitats.
Most grass provides food sources.
Most grass provides habitats.
Most grass provides ideal habitats.
Most grass provides perfect food sources.
Most grass provides rear habitats.
Most grass provides resources.
Most grass provides sources.
Most grass stems are round and hollow like straws.
Most grasses actually prefer poor soil conditions.
Most grasses are adequate in calcium.
Most grasses are annual or perennial herbs with fibrous roots and, often, rhizomes.
Most grasses are at their peak in the fall, with an array of colorful seed heads.
Most grasses are clump growers, but some have a spreading habit.
Most grasses are easy to grow and quick to bloom, reaching maturity in one or two seasons.
Most grasses are late to renew growth.
Most grasses are resistant to picloram, so it is used in range management programs.
Most grasses are wind-pollinated.
Most grasses benefit by being cut back, usually just before new growth begins in the spring.
Most grasses depend on wind to pollinate .
Most grasses dislike lots of fertilizer.
Most grasses do the same, as do brown-eyed susans, coneflowers, and many others.
Most grasses fit into two basic groups, bunch grass and sod-forming grass.
Most grasses have a ligule at the junction of the leaf sheath and leaf blade.
Most grasses have hollow stems, but the bluestems have pithy stems like corn.
Most grasses have leaf sheaths.
Most grasses have linear leaves.
Most grasses perform best in full sun, although there are some shade lovers in the bunch.
Most grasses pollinate in the wet season.
Most grasses prefer a location in full sun.
Most grasses prefer a sunny area, especially the more brightly colored varieties.
Most grasses prefer full sun.
Most grasses produce the majority of their growth in the early summer.
Most grasses take on a dull purplish cast and leaf blades begin to fold or roll.
Most grasses take on a dull, dark blue appearance and the blades begin to roll.
Most grasses tend to be fairly adaptable and responsive to garden conditions.
Some grass causes central nervous system problems.
Some grass causes problems.
Some grass competes with plants.
Some grass competes with seedlings.
Some grass dominates habitats.
Some grass feeds cattle.
Some grass has capacity.
Some grass has levels.
Some grass has limitations.
Some grass has nutrition.
Some grass has proper nutrition.
Some grass has residence time.
Some grass has serious limitations.
Some grass has time.
Some grass includes grassland.
Some grass is used for sewing, and is sometimes called wrapping grass, it is strong and flexible.
Some grass possesses grasshoppers.
Some grass produces buds.
Some grass produces stolons.
Some grass provides beauty.
Some grass provides benefits.
Some grass provides food.
Some grass provides homes.
Some grass reduces ability.
Some grass reduces resources.
Some grasses are annual grasses.
Some grasses are more prone to thatch accumulation than others.
Some grasses can become weedy, especially south of Nebraska.
Some grasses do better than others at different pH rates.
Some grasses grow along the shorelines of ponds or lakes.
Some grasses grow in shade and some in sun.
Some grasses have additional stems that grow sideways, either below ground or just above it.
Some grasses inherently have more problems with specific insects than others.
Some grasses produce unusual flowers and offer brightly colored foliage with interesting textures.
Some grasses tend to form a thick layer of thatch.
Some grasses withstand foot traffic or wear better than others.
Grasscycled lawns look beautiful, neat, and professionally groomed.
Grasscycled lawns stay green longer during dry summers and bounce back better in the fall.
Grassed ground falls down rock cliffs to the sea.
Grassed swales are shallow, channeled grassed depressions through which runoff is conveyed.
Grassed swales can remove small amounts of pollutants such as nutrients and heavy metals.
Grassed waterways allow the producer to cross the natural drainage ways in the field with equipment.
Grassed waterways are shallow and easy to cross.
Grassed waterways can nearly eliminate gully erosion.
Grassed waterways provide another method of preventing major soil losses.
Grassed waterways work.
Grasses trees ferns shrubs online catalogue azaleadendrons hybrid hybrids species.
A grasshopper mouse is a field mouse
Grasshopper mice are an exception to the rule, being the only fully carnivorous mice.
Grasshopper mice eat grasshoppers.
Grasshopper mice occur in shortgrass prairies and desert scrub.
Most grasshopper mice eat grasshoppers.
Grasshopper sparrows establish territory.
Most grasshopper sparrows establish territory.
Some grasshopper sparrows occur in grassland.
A grasshopper is an insect
Grasshopper isa insect.
Grasshoppers adapt to conditions.
Grasshoppers adapt to dry conditions.
Grasshoppers adapt to environments.
Grasshoppers affect the available forage that ranching depends on.
Grasshoppers also attack wheat growing in field margins.
Grasshoppers also can cause considerable damage.
Grasshoppers also come equipped with five eyes.
Grasshoppers also fall prey to a number of birds.
Grasshoppers also feed on pods but they bite completely through the pod and destroy the seed.
Grasshoppers also feed on pods, but they bite completely though the pod and destroy the seed.
Grasshoppers also feed on pods, but they bite completely through the pod and destroy the seed.
Grasshoppers also feed on pods, but they bite completely through the pod and into the seed.
Grasshoppers also have six legs, two pairs of wings, and two antennae.
Grasshoppers also have tympanal organs for sound reception.
Grasshoppers also try to escape from their enemies hiding in the grass or among leaves.
Grasshoppers also visit the flower heads .
Grasshoppers also visit the flower heads.
Grasshoppers appear mean and menacing throughout the film.
Grasshoppers are a diverse and very successful type of insect.
Grasshoppers are a diverse group of insects.
Grasshoppers are a favoured food in late summer.
Grasshoppers are a major problem for commercial gardens.
Grasshoppers are a major problem in peaches.
Grasshoppers are a problem in the drier eastern parts of the region.
Grasshoppers are a problem, especially near or at harvest.
Grasshoppers are a problem.
Grasshoppers are a threat in drought-stressed crops in Alberta and western Saskatchewan.
Grasshoppers are a type of insect with long hind legs that can leap high into the air and fly.
Grasshoppers are a yearly problem in New Mexico.
Grasshoppers are able to chew directly through the pod walls and damage seed directly.
Grasshoppers are able to shed a hind-limb by autotomy.
Grasshoppers are also present in several areas.
Grasshoppers are also reliant on the surroundings to change their colors.
Grasshoppers are always a problem when alfalfa is sod-seeded into grass pastures.
Grasshoppers are an important food for other animals.
Grasshoppers are brownish-green with chewing mouthparts and jumping rear legs.
Grasshoppers are chewing insects, so they have very large mandibles, or jaws.
Grasshoppers are cocktails.
Grasshoppers are devastating forage and tree crops.
Grasshoppers are distinctive because of their large back legs.
Grasshoppers are eaten by mice and other rodents, fox and coyotes and other small mammals.
Grasshoppers are ecologically significant in the prairie.
Grasshoppers are especially destructive, sometimes completely defoliating the plants.
Grasshoppers are especially tasty treats for the birds.
Grasshoppers are extremely fragile.
Grasshoppers are found on all continents except Antarctica.
Grasshoppers are found on every continent in the world except Antarctica.
Grasshoppers are general feeders and can quickly strip garden plants of foliage when numerous.
Grasshoppers are generally solitary except for mating behavior and move about independently.
Grasshoppers are gruesome, and wasps are menacing.
Grasshoppers are harmful because they eat farmers' crops.
Grasshoppers are herbivore, that is they eat plants.
Grasshoppers are herbivores, they eat plants.
Grasshoppers are important food for mice, songbirds, burrowing owls, ducks, and pheasants.
Grasshoppers are important food for other animals.
Grasshoppers are insects that can hop, walk, and fly.
Grasshoppers are insects which are closely related to locusts.
Grasshoppers are insects.
Grasshoppers are integral to natural food chains .
Grasshoppers are known as locusts.
Grasshoppers are located in fields.
Grasshoppers are located in grass.
Grasshoppers are mainly nocturnal, or active at night, and are plant-eating insects.
Grasshoppers are major crop pests, particularly when they collect in swarms.
Grasshoppers are major crop pests, particularly when they collect into swarms.
Grasshoppers are mobile and often move between bands.
Grasshoppers are most susceptible to insecticides when they are young, at the beginning of summer.
Grasshoppers are much easier to control when they are nymphs.
Grasshoppers are near sighted but can distinguish colors.
Grasshoppers are occasional pests of ornamental landscapes.
Grasshoppers are one example of pest insects that eat plants in agriculture.
Grasshoppers are one of the most important insect pests in Colorado.
Grasshoppers are paurometabolous.
Grasshoppers are pests to both rural and urban gardeners and farmers.
Grasshoppers are pests.
Grasshoppers are physiologically similar to most other insects.
Grasshoppers are powerful fliers with narrow wings and slender bodies.
Grasshoppers are prepared in the same way but it is best to pull the legs off before the feast.
Grasshoppers are present in soybean and alfalfa field edges.
Grasshoppers are primarily herbivores and feed on various plants.
Grasshoppers are rather general feeders and can cause locally severe injury to ornamental plants.
Grasshoppers are six inches long and can knock a man off a bicycle.
Grasshoppers are sometimes a problem on amaryllis grown outdoors.
Grasshoppers are susceptible to many insecticides.
Grasshoppers are the main attraction.
Grasshoppers are thought to live in the tropical wet forests.
Grasshoppers are typically medium to large insects.
Grasshoppers are typically present in field crops below economic thresholds.
Grasshoppers are vegetarian insects, which can jump, walk and fly.
Grasshoppers are vermins.
Grasshoppers are very scarce in Europe as they love dry, warm countries.
Grasshoppers are vulnerable to various predators during each stage of their life cycle.
Grasshoppers begin egg laying one to three weeks after becoming adults.
Grasshoppers begin life.
Grasshoppers breed and develop in dry, undisturbed sites such as pastures, empty lots and roadsides.
Grasshoppers can also be deep fried.
Grasshoppers can also cause considerable damage.
Grasshoppers can also offer an opportunity for vocabulary enrichment.
Grasshoppers can be important herbivores.
Grasshoppers can fly at speeds up to eight miles per hour.
Grasshoppers can fly.
Grasshoppers can jump far.
Grasshoppers can jump two feet high and four feet forward.
Grasshoppers can lay eggs underwater.
Grasshoppers can make a big, tasty treat.
Grasshoppers cause billions of dollars in damage to food crops annually, worldwide.
Grasshoppers cause considerable damage.
Grasshoppers cause damage.
Grasshoppers change their form during their lifetime.
Grasshoppers change their tune.
Grasshoppers chew leaves.
Grasshoppers continue to be a problem in hay fields across the state.
Grasshoppers continue to be a problem in pastures and peach orchards.
Grasshoppers continue to be a problem in the central and southern districts.
Grasshoppers continue to be a problem.
Grasshoppers continue to be common.
Grasshoppers continue to cause damage to fields.
Grasshoppers continue to damage row crops and alfalfa, particularly in southern Oklahoma.
Grasshoppers continue to increase and are causing damage to crops.
Grasshoppers continue to increase in number and are prevalent throughout the state.
Grasshoppers demonstrate the power of community.
Grasshoppers deposit their eggs in soil in the fall and hatch in the spring.
Grasshoppers destroy corn.
Grasshoppers destroy plants.
Grasshoppers destroy seedlings.
Grasshoppers develop through five to six instars.
Grasshoppers develop through stages progressively get larger in body and wing size.
Grasshoppers drying with left wigs spread.
Grasshoppers eat a lot.
Grasshoppers eat bushes.
Grasshoppers eat crops.
Grasshoppers eat food.
Grasshoppers eat grain.
Grasshoppers eat grass.
Grasshoppers eat leaves.
Grasshoppers eat mainly cereal crops, grasses, and leaves.
Grasshoppers eat plants.
Grasshoppers eat small grain.
Grasshoppers eat the flowers and foliage.
Grasshoppers eat the food.
Grasshoppers eat the grass and are in turn eaten by chickens, which are then eaten by people.
Grasshoppers eat the grasses directly and are in turn eaten by spiders, fish and birds.
Grasshoppers eat the prairie grasses.
Grasshoppers eat vegetables.
Grasshoppers emerge and can become a problem at varying times throughout the summer.
Grasshoppers emerge from eggs and begin hopping through the grassy meadows.
Grasshoppers enter gardens.
Grasshoppers fall randomly in between migratory and nonmigratory groups.
Grasshoppers favor certain vegetable plants such as lettuce, carrots and onions.
Grasshoppers favor feeding on certain vegetable plants as lettuce, carrots and onions.
Grasshoppers feed from the outer edge of the leaf inward giving the leaf a tattered appearance.
Grasshoppers feed on the grass.
Grasshoppers get air through breathing holes on their abdomens.
Grasshoppers Get answers to common questions about grasshoppers from an elementary school student.
Grasshoppers go to gardens.
Grasshoppers has-part legs.
Grasshoppers has-part stomachs.
Grasshoppers hatch in dry climates and buffalo and cattle overgraze the grass.
Grasshoppers have (part) air sacs.
Grasshoppers have (part) brains.
Grasshoppers have (part) carapaces.
Grasshoppers have (part) cell membranes.
Grasshoppers have (part) cells.
Grasshoppers have (part) corpi.
Grasshoppers have (part) cytoplasm.
Grasshoppers have (part) ears.
Grasshoppers have (part) faces.
Grasshoppers have (part) flight feathers.
Grasshoppers have (part) heads.
Grasshoppers have (part) nuclei.
Grasshoppers have (part) plasma membranes.
Grasshoppers have (part) quill feathers.
Grasshoppers have (part) sections.
Grasshoppers have (part) shells.
Grasshoppers have (part) skulls.
Grasshoppers have (part) thoraxes.
Grasshoppers have (part) vacuoles.
Grasshoppers have a chewing-type mouthpart but have an incomplete life cycle.
Grasshoppers have a high reproductive capacity.
Grasshoppers have a three part body and a hard shell exoskeleton of chitin.
Grasshoppers have and open circulatory system with only a dorsal blood vessel.
Grasshoppers have back legs built for jumping.
Grasshoppers have big back legs used for hopping from one piece of grass to the next.
Grasshoppers have bumpy legs and stiff wings.
Grasshoppers have chewing mouthparts and leave holes in leaves or consume the entire leaf.
Grasshoppers have clear blood and a tube-like heart.
Grasshoppers have coloration.
Grasshoppers have eardrums.
Grasshoppers have ears on the first segment of the abdomen.
Grasshoppers have ears on their bellies.
Grasshoppers have exoskeletons.
Grasshoppers have faces.
Grasshoppers have Five Eyes.
Grasshoppers have hind legs.
Grasshoppers have incomplete metamorphosis.
Grasshoppers have legs that are elongated and muscular for jumping.
Grasshoppers have legs.
Grasshoppers have light receptors in their eyes that trigger hormonal changes and growth.
Grasshoppers have little green berets.
Grasshoppers have metamorphosis.
Grasshoppers have mortality.
Grasshoppers have mouthparts similar to a human's mouth to help chew plants.
Grasshoppers have one generation per year in Canada.
Grasshoppers have one large compound eye on each side of their head.
Grasshoppers have powerful legs.
Grasshoppers have several ways of producing sound.
Grasshoppers have short antennae in comparison to crickets.
Grasshoppers have small holes on the sides of their bodies.
Grasshoppers have strong jaws for grabbing and chomping food.
Grasshoppers have two bulky eyes on top of the head.
Grasshoppers have two claws at the end of each leg.
Grasshoppers have unique coloration.
Grasshoppers have wings.
Grasshoppers hear through their knees.
Grasshoppers hemolymph in their circulatory system has chambers like the human heart.
Grasshoppers hide in bushes.
Grasshoppers hop and fly.
Grasshoppers ingest hair worms when they eat leaves where hair worm females have laid eggs.
Grasshoppers ingest hairworms as they feed upon leaves where hairworm females have laid eggs.
Grasshoppers inhabit arid regions.
Grasshoppers inhabit regions.
Grasshoppers invade gardens.
Grasshoppers is a name used for number fo families of related insects.
Grasshoppers jump by catapulting themselves into the air.
Grasshoppers jump or fly away, and then hide if they can.
Grasshoppers jump very well.
Grasshoppers laugh and dance and play all summer, without producing anything.
Grasshoppers lay eggs in pods each fall.
Grasshoppers lay eggs in undisturbed areas, usually in late summer and early fall.
Grasshoppers live in all parts of the world, except the North and South poles.
Grasshoppers live in fields.
Grasshoppers live in grassy areas and in fields.
Grasshoppers live in pasture.
Grasshoppers locate host plants by visual and olfactory means.
Grasshoppers love heat.
Grasshoppers make good food for some .
Grasshoppers make good food for some.
Grasshoppers make music by stridulating or crepitating.
Grasshoppers make noise.
Grasshoppers make sound.
Grasshoppers make up a large part of a young bluebird's diet.
Grasshoppers make up more than half of animal diet.
Grasshoppers migrate to wood.
Grasshoppers missing a common name are in blue.
Grasshoppers mostly eat grass, but crickets are partial to animal matter aswell.
Grasshoppers only have one body cavity, that being their mouth.
Grasshoppers possess bodies.
Grasshoppers possess chromosomes.
Grasshoppers prefer grass plants.
Grasshoppers prefer herbs.
Grasshoppers prefer plants.
Grasshoppers prefer to eat grasses, leaves and cereal crops, but many grasshoppers are omnivorous.
Grasshoppers produce a variety of sounds generated by complex movements of the hindlegs.
Grasshoppers produce sound by two mechanisms called stridulation and crepitation.
Grasshoppers produce sound.
Grasshoppers provide an important source of protein to people in many parts of the world.
Grasshoppers receive their water from the food they eat.
Grasshoppers reproduce sexually.
Grasshoppers seek out sunny sites and bask to keep an optimal temperature.
Grasshoppers seek plants.
Grasshoppers sit in fields.
Grasshoppers skip the larva stage.
Grasshoppers stand on legs.
Grasshoppers take large trout late in the summer months.
Grasshoppers tend to be more of a problem during dry weather.
Grasshoppers threaten plants.
Grasshoppers thrive in heat.
Grasshoppers thrive in open, sunny environments, like prairies, pastures and fields.
Grasshoppers transmit the viruses.
Grasshoppers typically become mature and very active in mid to late summer.
Grasshoppers undergo simple metamorphosis.
Grasshoppers use hind legs.
Grasshoppers use jaws.
Grasshoppers use strong jaws.
Grasshoppers use their long antennae in order to make sense of their surroundings.
Grasshoppers visit fields.
Grasshoppers ware chirping in the wheat, which spread like a sea right up to the cherry-trees.
Grasshoppers frequently succumb to disease organisms as well as a variety of predators.
Grasshoppers sometimes show up.
Grasshoppers usually feed on plant material.
All grasshoppers begin their lives as eggs.
Many grasshoppers eat from several host plants in one day , while others stay on one host plant .
Many grasshoppers eat from several host plants in one day, while others stay on one host plant.
Many grasshoppers have clear wings but some have yellow, red or blue wings.
Most grasshoppers adapt to conditions.
Most grasshoppers adapt to dry conditions.
Most grasshoppers adapt to environments.
Most grasshoppers are basically reddish brown or yellow with variously colored markings.
Most grasshoppers are green, brown, or olive-green.
Most grasshoppers are known as locusts.
Most grasshoppers are located in grass.
Most grasshoppers are plant feeders, attacking crops such as wheat, barley, corn, rye, and oats.
Most grasshoppers are primarily grass and foliage feeders.
Most grasshoppers begin life.
Most grasshoppers cause considerable damage.
Most grasshoppers cause damage.
Most grasshoppers chew leaves.
Most grasshoppers destroy corn.
Most grasshoppers destroy plants.
Most grasshoppers destroy seedlings.
Most grasshoppers eat bushes.
Most grasshoppers eat crops.
Most grasshoppers eat food.
Most grasshoppers eat grain.
Most grasshoppers eat grass.
Most grasshoppers eat leaves.
Most grasshoppers eat plants.
Most grasshoppers eat small grain.
Most grasshoppers eat vegetables.
Most grasshoppers enter gardens.
Most grasshoppers go to gardens.
Most grasshoppers has-part legs.
Most grasshoppers has-part stomachs.
Most grasshoppers have coloration.
Most grasshoppers have eardrums.
Most grasshoppers have faces.
Most grasshoppers have hind legs.
Most grasshoppers have incomplete metamorphosis.
Most grasshoppers have legs.
Most grasshoppers have metamorphosis.
Most grasshoppers have mortality.
Most grasshoppers have powerful legs.
Most grasshoppers have unique coloration.
Most grasshoppers have wings.
Most grasshoppers hide in bushes.
Most grasshoppers inhabit arid regions.
Most grasshoppers inhabit regions.
Most grasshoppers invade gardens.
Most grasshoppers lay eggs in production areas outside of crops.
Most grasshoppers lay their eggs in untilled soil.
Most grasshoppers live in fields.
Most grasshoppers live in pasture.
Most grasshoppers love heat.
Most grasshoppers make noise.
Most grasshoppers make sound.
Most grasshoppers migrate to wood.
Most grasshoppers never become locusts, though, and can even become fun and easy pet.
Most grasshoppers possess bodies.
Most grasshoppers possess chromosomes.
Most grasshoppers prefer grass plants.
Most grasshoppers prefer herbs.
Most grasshoppers prefer plants.
Most grasshoppers produce sound.
Most grasshoppers rely on symbiotic bacteria in their gut to digest plant matter.
Most grasshoppers seek plants.
Most grasshoppers sit in fields.
Most grasshoppers spend the winter in the egg stage in the soil.
Most grasshoppers stand on legs.
Most grasshoppers threaten plants.
Most grasshoppers thrive in heat.
Most grasshoppers use jaws.
Most grasshoppers use strong jaws.
Most grasshoppers visit fields.
Some Grasshoppers are adapted to specialized habitats.
Some grasshoppers are somewhat productive, providing building maintenance for their tenants.
Some grasshoppers become locusts.
Some grasshoppers chew crops.
Some grasshoppers chew wheat.
Some grasshoppers destroy crops.
Some grasshoppers destroy grain.
Some grasshoppers destroy wheat.
Some grasshoppers develop into adults.
Some grasshoppers eat gardens.
Some grasshoppers eat mice.
Some grasshoppers enter buildings.
Some Grasshoppers even make alarm calls when danger is near.
Some grasshoppers get eat by rats.
Some grasshoppers get energy.
Some grasshoppers hatch in the fall and over winter as nymphs or adults.
Some grasshoppers have advantage.
Some grasshoppers have ears.
Some grasshoppers have enemies.
Some grasshoppers have flavour.
Some grasshoppers have holes.
Some grasshoppers have many enemies.
Some grasshoppers have many natural enemies.
Some grasshoppers have natural enemies.
Some grasshoppers have organs.
Some grasshoppers have reproductive organs.
Some grasshoppers have stages.
Some grasshoppers have years.
Some grasshoppers invade territory.
Some grasshoppers lay eggs.
Some grasshoppers live for several years.
Some grasshoppers live for years.
Some grasshoppers live in countries.
Some grasshoppers live in groups.
Some grasshoppers live in habitats.
Some grasshoppers live in schoolyards.
Some grasshoppers migrate to crops.
Some grasshoppers occur in provinces.
Some grasshoppers occur in western provinces.
Some grasshoppers possess enemies.
Some grasshoppers prefer food sources.
Some grasshoppers prefer sources.
Some grasshoppers reach adulthood.
Some grasshoppers return to food.
Some grasshoppers return to nests.
Some grasshoppers shed skin.
Some grasshoppers sit on ragweeds.
Some grasshoppers spit a brown bitter liquid as a defensive behavior in response to being handled.
Some grasshoppers spread wings.
Some grasshoppers survive winter.
Some grasshoppers threaten ranches.
Some grasshoppers undergo incomplete metamorphosis.
Some grasshoppers undergo metamorphosis.
Some grasshoppers visit Nebraska.
Grassland biomes are areas where grasses are the dominant plants.
Grassland biomes are large, rolling terrains of grasses, flowers and herbs.
Grassland biomes are made mostly of grasses.
Grassland biomes are the home to many different types of organisms.
Grassland contains plants.
Grassland contains trees.
Grassland contains woody plants.
Grassland dominates agricultural landscapes.
Grassland dominates landscapes.
Grassland has density.
Grassland has trees.
Grassland includes grass.
Grassland includes steppes.
Grassland intersperses with juniper savannahs.
Grassland intersperses with savannahs.
Grassland invertebrates .
Grassland is a biome
Grassland is a tract
Grassland is also a transitional feature related to development.
Grassland is biomes.
Grassland is dominated by bunch grass.
Grassland is dominated by grass.
Grassland is dominated by oats.
Grassland is dominated by wallaby grass.
Grassland is lands.
Grassland is open areas.
Grassland is plains.
Grassland is stocked intensively, with surplus production being conserved as silage or hay.
Grassland is tracts.
Grassland isa biome.
Grassland isa tract.
Grassland occupies the south and west-centre of the island.
Grassland occurs in environments.
Grassland ranges in the southern interior of British Columbia.
Grassland ranges in the Southern Interior of British Columbia.
Grasslands also exist is some of the most wind-rich regions of the country.
Grasslands also help wildlife by controlling soil erosion.
Grasslands also offer the potential to provide economic benefits from clean energy production.
Grasslands also provide shelter and nest sites for wildlife species.
Grasslands also support a rich mix of species.
Grasslands are a natural feature of the Colorado plains.
Grasslands are almost entirely devoid of trees, and can support large herds of grazing animals.
Grasslands are also important in controlling soil erosion and improving runoff water quality.
Grasslands are areas dominated by grasses and forbs, and have few or no trees.
Grasslands are areas filled with tall growing grasses.
Grasslands are areas where grass is the major natural vegetation.
Grasslands are beneficial to songbirds, game birds, small mammals, reptiles, and insects.
Grasslands are big open spaces.
Grasslands are considered the transitional biome.
Grasslands are dominated by grass and other herbaceous plants.
Grasslands are excellent at increasing the filtration of rain into the ground.
Grasslands are extremely hot during the summer months and very cold during the winter months.
Grasslands are found in most ecoregions of the Earth .
Grasslands are full of herds of hungry herbivores.
Grasslands are generally in good condition.
Grasslands are generally open and continuous, fairly flat areas of grass.
Grasslands are generally open and fairly flat, and they exist on every continent except Antarctica.
Grasslands are home to little bluestem, switchgrass, blue grama, and sideoats grama, among others.
Grasslands are home to many of the largest animals on Earth.
Grasslands are important as habitat for many species, including many species at risk.
Grasslands are important because they provide a home for many animals and insects.
Grasslands are important for preserving the islands, keeping the sand from being blown into the sea.
Grasslands are important to our food and fiber supply.
Grasslands are less effective in promoting infiltration than trees.
Grasslands are located in North America, Europe, Asia, and Africa.
Grasslands are major carbon sinks because the grass uses the carbon to perform photosynthesis.
Grasslands are natural, seminatural, and cultivated.
Grasslands are nearly treeless expanses of land where various types of grasses grow.
Grasslands are often the transition from desert to forest.
Grasslands are one of the most extensive, productive ecosystems in the United States.
Grasslands are one of the most widespread of all the major vegetation types of the world.
Grasslands are open areas of land that are large and covered with grass.
Grasslands are paved over for shopping malls or parking lots.
Grasslands are places with hot, dry climates that are perfect for growing food.
Grasslands are so, so threatened.
Grasslands are temperate areas with less water than deciduous forests and more water than desert.
Grasslands are the most widespread continental floral associations.
Grasslands are too dry for many trees to grow.
Grasslands are very fragile.
Grasslands become deserts when vegetation growth is reduced to a minimum.
Grasslands bordering airports are the preferred nesting habitat.
Grasslands can therefore support a high density of grazing animals.
Grasslands change their appearance throughout the year.
Grasslands combines soft, sunbleached hues with the sensuous and rich texture of natural hemp.
Grasslands comes into play tapped.
Grasslands comprise more than a quarter of the Earth's land surface.
Grasslands contain perhaps the most disrupted and homogenized communities.
Grasslands cover a huge portion of arable land.
Grasslands cover about one quarter of the Earth's land, and they have long been valuable to humans.
Grasslands cover much of the Ethiopian Plateau, as well as many lowland areas in the south and east.
Grasslands cover much of the land, and rainforests are in western Africa near the equator.
Grasslands exist on either side of two desert belts that circle the earth.
Grasslands expand, and forest regions diminish.
Grasslands Find out about the grasslands around the world.
Grasslands generally have a complicated ecosystem with a wide range of fauna.
Grasslands give way to savannas that segue into forests.
Grasslands go by many names.
Grasslands have greater numbers of species than deserts.
Grasslands hold many native oak trees that are being lost due to overgrazing or forest fires.
Grasslands is a place for the mind and the senses.
Grasslands occur in the Americas, Africa, Asia, and Australia.
Grasslands occur in the warmest, driest portions of the park and forests in moderate environments.
Grasslands occur naturally on all continents except Antarctica .
Grasslands occur on the more exposed areas of Lord Howe Island and on the offshore islands.
Grasslands occur where it is too wet for desert and too dry for trees to grow.
Grasslands provide a valuable natural resource in our state.
Grasslands provide habitat for various species of animal life.
Grasslands provide homes for large animals.
Grasslands store about one-third of the global stock of carbon in terrestrial ecosystems.
Grasslands support more than just grasses.
Grasslands usually get pretty dry in their dry seasons, creating dust storms.
All grasslands have certain characteristics in common.
Many grasslands also contain apex predators.
Many grasslands are in poor condition.
Most grassland contains plants.
Most grassland contains trees.
Most grassland contains woody plants.
Most grassland dominates agricultural landscapes.
Most grassland dominates landscapes.
Most grassland has density.
Most grassland has trees.
Most grassland includes grass.
Most grassland includes steppes.
Most grassland is dominated by bunch grass.
Most grassland is dominated by grass.
Most grassland is dominated by oats.
Most grassland is dominated by wallaby grass.
Most grassland is grazed by beef cattle.
Most grassland occurs in environments.
Some grassland appears in films.
Some grassland attracts insects.
Some grassland contains wildflowers.
Some grassland dominates environments.
Some grassland has hot summer.
Some grassland has roles.
Some grassland has shapes.
Some grassland has summer.
Some grassland has upright shapes.
Some grassland has warm summer.
Some grassland is dominated by conifers.
Some grassland occurs in regions.
Some grassland occurs in same regions.
Some grasslands actually have an abundance of underground trees.
Grasslike leaves surround a flowering stalk with a cluster of white or pink flowers.
Grassroots are very interested.
Grassroots organizing in any movimiento and in any revolution is the most important.
Grassroots organizing in cyberspace takes many forms.
Grassroots organizing kicks ass.
Grassroots racing at it's finest.
Grassroots work on local land use issues, promoting conservation easements.
Grassroots action is the only way that change comes.
Grassroots activism can be powerful.
Grassroots activism has an entirely new forum for discussion, debate, and mobilization.
Grassroots activists can spread our message in a variety of ways.
Grassroots activists get the credit for shooting down the original bill.
Grassroots activists try to improve grazing management where problems are occurring.
Grassroots advocacy is our democracy's foundation.
Grassroots advocacy takes commitment.
Most grassroots communications are likely to use traditional print media.
Grassroots communities have to be organized and involved in developing analyses of communities.
Grassroots conservationists are, by and large, an incorruptible bunch.
Grassroots democracy is likely to take at least that long again.
Grassroots efforts are also focused on gaining a greater voice in the decision-making process.
Grassroots efforts are the key to successful school change.
Grassroots efforts can encourage a re-vote in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Grassroots exploration is critical in finding new mines to expand or replace existing reserves.
Grassroots funds are available to Wilson County organizations for arts programs in Wilson County.
Grassroots groups are a good example.
Grassroots groups are even less enthusiastic.
Grassroots groups are strongly opposed to the changes.
Grassroots groups go through developmental stages just as organisms do.
Grassroots groups participate broadly in public policy process .
Many Grassroots groups react constantly to crisis instead or working toward a goal they believe in.
Grassroots involvement is critical for a program to work in the long run.
Grassroots involvement is the most effective way to influence the legislative process.
Grassroots leaders are essential for bridging the faultlines of race and class in communities .
Grassroots leadership is very influential in organizations.
Grassroots leadership seems stronger than ever.
Grassroots measurement is more than just numbers.
Grassroots members can participate in our forums and in other features of the network.
Grassroots movements are necessary.
Grassroots movements require trained people and groups if they are to succeed.
Grassroots organization is an essential part of promoting or opposing legislation.
Grassroots organization is our party s strength and pride.
Grassroots organization is our party's strength and pride.
Grassroots organization wants to save the hometown team.
Grassroots organizations are disappointed the extradition request failed.
Grassroots organizations are non-profit groups that fight or support a cause at the community level.
Grassroots organizations can make a big difference when they have the membership and the money.
Grassroots organizations cite it as inspiration for various reform efforts.
Most grassroots organizations work on many issues at once.
Grassroots power is one reason.
Grassroots power is the key to success as the face of Michigan politics changes in coming years.
GrassRoots projects are a unique and valuable resource.
GrassRoots projects are often entirely student designed and run.
GrassRoots projects offer tools and approaches that cater to the interests of students.
GrassRoots projects take place over a significant period of time, the minimum being four weeks.
Grassroots response is necessary here.
Grassval soils are on fan piedmont remnants.
Grassval soils occur on fan piedmont remnants.
Grassy areas are also available for camping.
Grassy areas are available within the pool area for sunbathers.
Grassy areas are ideal.
Grassy areas are the heaviest consumers of water in landscaping.
Grassy areas are the natural living environments of black wildebeests, too.
Grassy areas surrounding cornfields are ideal egg-laying sites.
Some grassy areas reduce erosion.
Some grassy areas reduce soil erosion.
Grassy banks are more hospitable to a wider variety of plants, bugs, birds, fish and wildlife.
Grassy banks lead down to the water.
Grassy fields are on the right.
Grassy glades are common especially on ridges.
Grassy hills are ideal as they provide more cushioning.
Grassy Island is in the citizens front yard.
Grassy islands seem to be especially suitable.
Grassy lawns are a fairly homogenous substrate and the mushrooms often grow in rings.
Grassy lawns lead from the restaurant to a three acre lake.
Grassy openings are excellent sources for insect food.
Grassy slopes covered with spectacular wildflower displays create amazing panoramas.
Grassy slopes covered with spectacular wildflowers create amazing panoramas.
Grassy trails amble lazily out to the ocean and then suddenly open up near the edge of a cliff.
Grassy waves carry the dead in their wake.
Some grassy weeds are hosts for the same pathogens that attack wheat, barley and durum.
Grassy woods are to the right.
Grate cheese adds flavor.
Most grate cheese adds flavor.
Grate design allows pots to slide from section to section.
Grate tomato keep aside.
A grate is a framework
Grate isa structure.
Grates are a heavy duty cast iron with the unique run-off grease trough.
Grates are barriers.
Grates are frameworks.
Grates are noise.
Grates are part of furnaces.
Grates are part of stoves.
Grates can also be custom fitted to most any cage by cutting a piece of welded wire.
Grates have (part) bases.
Grates have (part) sections.
Grates have a durable brown epoxy finish.
Grates provides models for developing a successful change management strategy for the future.
Some grates are part of furnaces.
Some grates are part of kilns.
Some grates are part of stoves.
Some grates have thin wires, while others have wide bars, which support food better.
Grated carrot cooks much quicker than sliced carrot.
Grated carrots are a nice addition to meatloaf and meatballs.
Grated cheese adds a nice creaminess to the otherwise nubby texture.
Grated cheese is an option.
Grated cheese is cheese
Grated cheese is cheese.
Grated cheese keeps better in the freezer than in the refrigerator.
Grated eggs are good placed on top of fresh cooked spinach and salads.
Grated ginger is used to produce ginger beer.
Grated onion is a key ingredient of any latke.
Grated pumpkin produces a succulent sauce, while blue cheese perks up the flavour.
Grated zucchini is often an ingredient in muffins or quick breads.
Grateful acknowledgement is due to all.
Grateful acknowledgment is made to all.
Grateful acknowledgment is made to their creators.
Grateful gifts bless the church with an optimistic and aggressive spirit.
Grateful men talk about the light.
Grateful parents wait for that horror to end, then usher the tots back in.
Grateful people can see the stars, and give thanks for every sunrise.
Grateful people find a blessing in every event of life for which to be thankful.
Grateful people understand their blessings, appreciate their gifts, and enjoy living and loving.
A gratefulness is gratitude
Gratefulness has power to change and heal society .
Gratefulness implies trust in the giver.
Gratefulness is a fuel.
Gratefulness is also closely related to the punishment in the Hereafter.
Gratefulness is found in the embrace of friends that have reconciled after a pithy argument.
Gratefulness is indeed a very powerful, healing emotion.
Gratefulness is related to g race which means the release of loveliness .
Gratefulness is, perhaps, the most fundamental religious experience.
Gratefulness makes every harvest sweeter.
Gratefulnesses are gratitude.
A grater is a kitchen utensil
Graters are fine, course, multiple surfaces and puree.
Graters come in varying sizes which offer varying degrees of size to the final grated food.
Many graters store the whole nutmegs in containers attached to the bottom or back of the unit.
Most graters have one wide blade for shaving, or use a cheese slicer.
Graticular indices are also available in variety of formats.
Gratification begins to disappoint.
Gratification comes from gaining power and control and discharging anger.
Gratification is achieved through anal means.
Gratification is almost immediate.
Gratification is emotional states.
Gratification is immediate instead of delayed.
Gratification is just a split-second away.
Gratification is satisfaction.
Gratification is spirit
Gratification leads to a short-term pleasure followed by questioning and even guilt.
Grating isa barrier.
Gratings also offer the ability to tailor the dispersion properties precisely.
Gratings are an integral part of many astronomy instruments.
Gratings have (part) bases.
Gratings have (part) sections.
Gratings undergo extensive testing before assembly into space instrumentation.
Gratisex mother fuck son The most beautiful nude women in the world.
Gratitude is emotion.
Gratitude is feeling
Gratitude is feelings.
Gratitude likewise shows itself in impatience.
Gratitude transforms possessiveness into generosity.
Much gratitude is due to all.
Much gratitude is sent to all.
Gratuito para assinantes da publica o impressa.
Gratuitous animations can derail the learner's attention.
Gratuitous harm does exist.
Gratuitous images are worthless.
Gratuitous links can undermine hierarchy and structure.
Gratuitous nudity is one thing, but during the first five minutes of the film is another.
Gratuitous nudity spoils numerous scenes.
Gratuitous review indicates no error, plain or otherwise, in the trial court's decision.
Gratuitous sex is another story entirely.
Gratuitous verbiage follows for the search engines.
Gratuitous violence is violence beyond that necessary to kill.
A gratuity is a prize
Gratuities are a matter of discretion for our guests.
Gratuities are additional.
Gratuities are allowable expenses.
Gratuities are at guests discretion.
Gratuities are at the discretion of our guests.
Gratuities are at the discretion of the client and are appreciated.
Gratuities are at the discretion of the client.
Gratuities are at the discretion of the guest.
Gratuities are common in the tourism industry.
Gratuities are completely optional.
Gratuities are customary at guest ranches.
Gratuities are discretionary.
Gratuities are extra.
Gratuities are fringe benefits.
Gratuities are gifts.
Gratuities are optional and a personal choice.
Gratuities are optional.
Gratuities are per person per night.
Gratuities are permissible.
Gratuities are prizes.
Gratuities are up to the discretion of each group.
Gratuities are voluntary payments.
Gratuities are welcome.
Gratuities cover bus drivers, guides, hotel baggage handlers and restaurant personnel.
Gratuities require direct payment by passenger.
Gratuity counts coup.
Gratuity is a personal choice.
Gratuity is appropriate for ground crew.
Gratuity is at the guests' discretion.
Gratuity is based on food and beverage service only.
Gratuity is completely optional.
Gratuity is extra and always much appreciated.
Gratuity is extra.
Gratuity is included in the above rates.
Gratuity is included.
Gratuity is optional to the staff working.
Gratuity is optional.
Gratuity is the responsibility of the guests who redeem the gift certificate.
All gratuities are extra.
Gravden soils are on terraces and are loamy-skeletal and have a duripan.
Grave complications can arise if an ear infection is left untreated.
Grave consequences loom.
Grave desecration is rampant in our area.
Grave diggers hear no whispers from the ghosts of bodies buried in cemetaries.
Grave diggers pulls wire used to tie red victim.
Grave excavation is another fun activity.
Grave goods are partially indicative of the status of the individual.
Grave goods are the material things buried with the dead.
Grave goods provide insight into rituals and belief practices that have often been lost.
Grave guilt is encapsulated.
Grave illness is virtually an entry requirement.
Grave illness requires brutal methods.
Many grave issues confront our youth in the public schools.
Grave liners can be in sections or two pieces made from concrete.
Grave liners cover only the top and sides.
Grave liners minimize ground settling.
Grave maintenance is currently a family responsibility.
Grave marker is to the left.
Grave markers are always communicative mechanisms, and sometimes they take distinctive forms.
Grave markers are memorials.
Grave markers are scarce in the rear sections.
Grave markers made in the shape of jugs are some of the earliest works.
All grave markers are enamel baked galvanized steel which ensures long lasting, rust resistant use.
Many grave memorials portray a great deal of symbolism both in shape and ornamentation.
Grave monuments form another very important category of Greek sculptures.
Grave number is listed twice to provide information on both individuals interred.
Some grave plots have more than others.
Grave silence is far more powerful than the same old voices yapping away.
Grave site is located in a wooded area.
Grave sites are available.
Grave sites are storage devices.
Grave sites are there.
Many grave sites have weeping willows personifying the depression of the location.
Grave stones Become Political steps to power.
Grave stones mark an Indian burial mound.
Grave vandalism is sick.
A grave is death
Grave isa place.
Graves also loves the big crowds.
Graves also sees the benefits of mobile commerce.
Graves are death.
Graves are grave sites.
Graves are located in funerals.
Graves are sacred.
Graves blends classical allusions and whimsy.
Graves can be very pale to a slightly yellow straw color with green tints.
Graves can point to the work with pride.
Graves figures the conversations in the don Juan books are probably paraphrased.
Graves gives a memorable performance infused with random, immature anger and confused desire.
Graves gives the deconstruction process a whole new meaning.
Graves has it backward.
Graves have (part) bases.
Graves have (part) gravestones.
Graves have (part) sections.
Graves includes an exhaustive list of ancient sources.
Graves is a moderate who is pro-choice.
Graves is a moderate.
Graves is a small, two room school on the west side of Salinas.
Graves is admirably accessible in a way that has been almost lost in the late twentieth century.
Graves is an advocate of higher education and equal opportunity.
Graves is an associate professor of life sciences and an expert on evolutionary genetics.
Graves is an auto-immune disease, whose main symptom is hyperthyroidism.
Graves is an influential theorist, diversified and prolific designer, lecturer, teacher and author.
Graves is an internationally famous architect.
Graves is concerned about the way things are going for African American entrepreneurs.
Graves is dean of students.
Graves is inapposite.
Graves is one of opera's leading mezzo-sopranos.
Graves is probably best known as the author of historical novels.
Graves is such a man.
Graves is the seventh individual who has used Expedition on a winning design.
Graves loves playing boys.
Graves mentioned here are uphill and to the right of an above ground tomb.
Graves narrates the life of perhaps the most glamourous Byzantine general.
Graves packs a pulpy punch.
Graves plans to sign it.
Graves remains on the board and a member of the executive committee.
Graves responds strongly to their premises.
Graves says there is variability in response to drugs.
Graves seems to represent the moderate, reasonable voter.
Graves still have white gravel covers despite the added difficulty of mowing.
Graves understands perfectly the stake of the European powers in the Middle East.
Graves writes primarily for poets.
Graves often memorialize the tragic consequences of disease, car accidents, war and poverty.
Every grave here raises a voice and a clutch of memories.
Many graves appear to be unmarked.
Many graves are above the ground and most have expressive headstones.
Many graves are overgrown and unmarked.
Many graves are unmarked.
Many graves record the birthplaces of the deceased.
Many graves still lie unmarked in the bush.
Most graves consist of a stone slab with a headstone or cross.
Most graves have crosses.
Most graves seem to be arranged in family plots, although there are a number of single burials.
Some graves have no headstones.
A gravedigger is a laborer
Gravediggers demand payoffs from mourning families.
Gravediggers die to do it.
Gravel banks have such high hydraulic conductivity that they drain completely in a few days.
Gravel bars make excellent camp locations, with breezes to help ward off insects.
Gravel bars make excellent campsites.
Gravel quarries are on either side of the road.
Gravel road follows it most of the way.
Gravel road is accessible by bus or carpool.
Gravel road leads to the well cared for ranch headquarters.
Gravel roads become impassable.
Gravel roads can be muddy after heavy rain.
Gravel roads cross the area and evidence of past mining efforts are common.
Gravel roads generate dust.
Gravel roads lead to car parks overlooking the beaches at a couple of points.
Gravel roads occur south and northeast of the site.
Gravel roads require slow, steady riding.
Gravel roads turn to paved roads near the park.
Gravel roads vary from ordinary stone to loose dirt to primitive tracks through the forest.
Gravel roads wind south to Cloudy Bay, an expanse of golden sand backed by forested headlands.
All gravel roads are open to horse riders.
Gravel root is used primarily for kidney stones or gravel.
Gravel drives through the sandveld.
Gravel is a stone
Gravel is located in roofs.
Gravel is located in streets.
Gravel is rocks.
Gravel isa material.
Gravel isa stuff.
Gravels are too pervious and are very difficult to shape.
Gravels range down to the size of peas.
All gravel stops, counter flashing, etc.
Some gravel mixes with sand.
A graven image is a representation
Graven images abound in our society.
A graver is a hand tool
Graver charges The allegations are much broader and graver.
Gravers are flake tools with small, sharp projections or 'spurs'.
Gravers are hand tools.
Gravers come in a variety of shapes and sizes that give different line types when used.
Graves disease is a thyroid gland that overproduces thyroid hormone.
Graves disease is the most common cause for hyperthyroidism.
Graves disease occurs in less than of one percent of the general population.
Graves diseases are autoimmune diseases.
Graves diseases are diseases.
Graves diseases are hyperthyroidism.
Graveside services are at a later date in Montana.
Graveside services are private.
A gravestone is a monument
A gravestone is a stone
Gravestone isa artifact.
Gravestone isa monument.
Gravestones are also kinds of stelae .
Gravestones are also kinds of stelae.
Gravestones are even sparser.
Gravestones are memorials.
Gravestones are part of graves.
Gravestones are stones.
Gravestones can be a good source of information and documentation.
Gravestones celebrate a life.
Gravestones cheer the living, dear, they're no use to the dead.
Gravestones have (part) bases.
Gravestones have (part) sections.
Gravestones offer a unique resource for historians, archaeologists and genealogists.
Gravestones offer a unique resource for historians, archeologists and genealogists.
Gravestones relate a wealth of cultural information.
Gravestones tell the stories of forgotten people.
Gravestones sometimes show a birthplace or country of origin.
Gravestones sometimes show where a person was born.
Gravestones usually contain the date of birth and death.
Many gravestones are in a pile.
Many gravestones bear quaint epitaphs.
Some gravestones are part of graves.
Some gravestones are part of tombs.
Some gravestones have pictures of the deceased attached.
Graveyard spirals take only a moment or two to set up.
A graveyard is a site
Graveyards add to the history of a town.
Graveyards also supply a sense of permanence to a settlement.
Graveyards are a place where people are buried so people can come and gather.
Graveyards are beautiful.
Graveyards are dense and are surrounded by density.
Graveyards are grave sites.
Graveyards are history books in which the headstones are the pages.
Graveyards are located in cemeteries.
Graveyards are located in churchs.
Graveyards are located in cities.
Graveyards are located in towns.
Graveyards are notorious for harboring ghosts.
Graveyards are the silent cities of the dead.
Graveyards are used for burial.
Graveyards are used for dead people.
Graveyards are used for flowers.
Graveyards are used for headstones.
Graveyards are used for mourners.
Graveyards are used for old bones.
Graveyards can be quite fascinating.
Graveyards have graves.
Graveyards have masses of decaying flesh beneath the surface.
Graveyards always appear deceptively safe in daylight.
Some graveyards are private property, so be sure to get permission.
Gravid females are reportedly subject to significantly higher mortalities during shipment.
Gravid females are unable to fly.
Gravid females deposit their eggs in the perianal region.
Gravid females eat voraciously until they are near full term.
Gravid females prefer higher elevation and open rocky ledge with sun exposure.
A gravidity is a maternity
Gravidity is the total number of pregnancies.
A gravimeter is an instrument
Gravimeters respond only to the vertical component of g of an anomalous mass.
A gravimetric analysis is a measurement
A gravimetric analysis is a qualitative analysis
Gravimetric analysis assumes that the precipitate is in one form.
Gravimetric analysis is covered here.
Gravimetric analysises are quantitative analysises.
Most gravimetric analysis require quantitative transfer and drying of a precipitate.
Gravimetric methods are an accurate means of determining the mineral contents of food samples.
Gravimetric samplers are prone to evaporative losses of semi-volatile components.
Gravitation acts as driving force via the density difference of particles and fluid.
Gravitation acts as the driving force via the density difference of particles and fluid.
Gravitation crushes protons and electrons together despite their electrostatic repulsion.
Gravitation defines our everyday life and the structure of the universe.
Gravitation holds the universe together.
Gravitation holds together the hot gases in the sun.
Gravitation involves interaction.
Gravitation is a constant impelling force.
Gravitation is a theory .
Gravitation is a trend
Gravitation is a universal force of attraction acting between all matter.
Gravitation is a universal force that each mass exerts on any other mass.
Gravitation is drifts.
Gravitation is freedom.
Gravitation is one of the most studied phenomena in physics.
Gravitation is the attraction of two objects with mass.
Gravitation is the force that acts between masses.
Gravitation is the force which creates matter's time dimension by consuming space.
Gravitation is the only force which continuously tends to pro- duce isostatic readjustment.
Gravitation is the universal force of attraction between all matter.
Gravitation isa attraction.
Most gravitation involves interaction.
Some gravitation has magnitudes.
Gravitational acceleration increases as planet mass increases and planet radius decreases.
Gravitational anomalies are always very small.
Gravitational attraction acts to accelerate two objects with mass towards each other.
Gravitational attraction causes galaxies to cluster.
Gravitational attraction claims victory and there is no end to the contraction.
Gravitational attraction holds the planets in their elliptical orbits around the Sun .
Gravitational attraction is a main cause of perturbations.
Gravitational attraction is additives.
Gravitational attraction is attraction
Gravitational attraction is based on distance and is stronger when the bodies are closer.
Gravitational attraction moves huge clusters of galaxies around in ways that can be measured.
Gravitational attraction slows the expansion.
Some gravitational attraction causes gases.
A gravitational collapse is implosion
Gravitational collapse continues to produce energy release which, in turn, causes expansion.
Gravitational collapse requires great density.
Gravitational compression heats the core to a point where it endothermically decays into neutrons.
Gravitational differentiation occurs only in large bodies with a significant gravitational field.
Gravitational differentiation occurs only in large bodies.
Gravitational effects are more pronounced as the mass of an organism increases.
Gravitational energy becomes energy.
Gravitational energy is always negative.
Gravitational energy is the movement of an object or mass that is caused by the pull of gravity.
Gravitational energy is transformed into heat and effectively radiated away by infrared emission.
Gravitational energy raises temperature.
Most gravitational energy becomes energy.
Most gravitational energy raises temperature.
Some gravitational energy depends on height.
Some gravitational energy goes into heat.
Gravitational feedback occurs from earth to orbiting debris .
A gravitational field is a field
Gravitational field affects time.
Gravitational fields accelerate masses, and electric fields accelerate charges.
Gravitational fields are fields.
Gravitational fields are vector fields.
Gravitational fields can act as their own source.
Gravitational fields have an effect on collective human psychology.
Gravitational fields have no polarity at all.
Gravitational fields have origins.
Most gravitational fields have origins.
Some gravitational fields create conditions.
Some gravitational fields exert forces.
Some gravitational fields produce tide.
A gravitational force is attraction
Gravitational force acting on every particle by every other particle causes the cloud to condense.
Gravitational force acts on all bodies in proportion to their masses.
Gravitational force causes every object to attract every other object.
Gravitational force is an attraction between masses.
Gravitational force is higher.
Gravitational force is inversely proportional to the distance between two objects squared.
Gravitational force is much weaker than repulsive electric force.
Gravitational forces act on layers.
Gravitational forces add together.
Gravitational forces are only recognizable as the masses of objects become large.
Gravitational forces create tremendous pressure and temperatures in the core.
Gravitational forces create warps in space-time.
Gravitational forces determine the movements of the stars within a galaxy.
Gravitational forces hold astronomical bodies together and in orbit about one another.
Gravitational forces keep Europa's interior warm.
Gravitational forces pull particles.
Gravitational forces vary inversely with distance.
All gravitational forces are attractive, there is no repulsive gravitational force.
Most gravitational forces act on layers.
Most gravitational forces pull particles.
Some gravitational forces depend on locations.
Gravitational instabilities cause the cloud to fragment into smaller and smaller pieces.
Gravitational interaction is fundamental interaction
Gravitational interaction leads to a distortion which can also be found in the observed pair.
Gravitational interactions are nonnegligible, however, when very massive objects are involved.
Gravitational lenses have exciting cosmological implications.
Some gravitational lenses distort the light of distant objects into arcs.
Some gravitational lenses have dark energy.
Some gravitational lenses have energy.
Gravitational mass is mass
Gravitational mass is the charge to which gravity couples.
Gravitational methods are still another means of determining solar parallax.
Gravitational perturbations cause the gradual westward precession of the orbit's semi-major axis.
Gravitational potential energy becomes energy.
Gravitational potential energy raises temperature.
Gravitational pull is exerted by both the moon and the sun to the earth .
Gravitational pull is merely the attraction of matter to other matter.
Gravitational radiation is predicted in all relativistic theories of gravitation.
Gravitational systems are peculiar in that smaller equals hotter.
A gravitational theory is a scientific theory
Gravitational theory takes gravity for granted.
Gravitational waves are a great way to do that.
Gravitational waves are disturbances in the curvature of space-time caused by the motions of matter.
Gravitational waves are extremely weak.
Gravitational waves are literally distortions in space-time, ripples in the fabric of the universe.
Gravitational waves are out there.
Gravitational waves are quadrupolar in nature.
Gravitational waves are ripples in the curvature of spacetime .
Gravitational waves are ripples in the curvature of spacetime.
Gravitational waves are ripples in the fabric of space-time.
Gravitational waves are tiny deformities in space, that spread at the speed of light.
Gravitational waves are waves of tidal force.
Gravitational waves carry gravitational energy away from a system.
Gravitational waves have a solid theoretical basis, founded upon the theory of relativity.
Gravitational waves have energy, and therefore they have mass.
Gravitational waves interact only weakly with matter.
Gravitational waves introduce tensor fluctuations in the metric.
Gravitational waves provide complementary information to that provided by other means.
A graviton is a boson
Gravitons are no longer the fundamental mediators of the gravitational interaction.
Gravitons are still a hypothesis of quantum mechanics.
Gravitons can behave as particles.
Gravitons have a double ended arrow next to their fuel tankage.
Most gravitons exist in a cloud around the object.
Gravity anomalies occur over regions of either very high or very low density.
Gravity assist refers to the technique of borrowing energy by means of a close planetary flyby.
Gravity dams are dependent upon their own weight for resistance to the pressure of the water.
Gravity dams can hold back enormous amounts of water.
Gravity feed lets fluid flow downward using less air.
Gravity force is simply the weight of the flying system.
Gravity forces acting on a fish while it's out of the water can be harmful.
Gravity forces are proportional to the amount of material needed to construct an object.
Gravity models attempt to describe in detail the variations in the gravity field.
Gravity power does all the rest.
Gravity separation is based on the difference in the specific gravity of density of products.
A gravity wave is a wave
Gravity waves are a phenomenon associated with thunderstorm development.
Gravity Waves are a vibration akin to sound waves which travel through space at the speed of light.
Gravity waves are like sounds that travel through deep space at the speed of light.
Gravity waves are like sounds that travel through space at the speed of light.
Gravity waves are proposed to be the formation mechanism of linearly organized mammatus clouds.
Gravity waves are ripples in the overall geometry of space and time.
Gravity waves are waves.
Gravity waves carry energy and travel at light-speed.
Gravity waves cause the mirrors to move which modifies a tiny bit of the light.
Gravity waves deposit momentum in the mesosphere and lower thermosphere as they break.
Gravity waves is also absent from the above plot.
Gravity waves provide clues to cataclysmic events, such as the collision of two black holes.
Gravity waves provide transport for energy from the lower atmosphere to the middle atmosphere.
Gravity waves travel at the speed of light.
Gravity wells are ideal tools for modeling comet motions in our solar system.
Gravities are low in England, higher in the exported product.
Gravity accelerates an object downward until air resistance offsets the weight of the object.
Gravity accelerates mass.
Gravity actaully changes the shape of space.
Gravity acting on a massive airplane is what really determines what happens.
Gravity acts between all bodies with mass.
Gravity acts downward.
Gravity acts equally upon all objects.
Gravity acts like a magnet - pulling objects together.
Gravity acts like a string to hold satellites in a circle.
Gravity acts like an organizer that puts stars, galaxies, and clusters in order.
Gravity acts like players experience on Earth, at least as far as anyone can tell.
Gravity acts on mass.
Gravity acts on projectiles.
Gravity acts on the volcano, forcing it to move away from the rest of the island.
Gravity acts similarly.
Gravity acts the same way.
Gravity acts to restore oversteepened slopes to some stable angle.
Gravity acts to try to pull the ball together.
Gravity acts vertically downward.
Gravity acts vertically.
Gravity acts, so the ball is deflected downwards.
Gravity actually helps make our jobs easier to perform.
Gravity actually smells like beef bouillon.
Gravity affects all objects equally.
Gravity affects all physical, chemical and biological processes on Earth.
Gravity affects calcium balance in plants and people.
Gravity affects earth.
Gravity affects everything- including pollen.
Gravity affects everything now, including weapons and buildings.
Gravity affects many properties of the polymer while it is being made.
Gravity affects mass.
Gravity affects motion.
Gravity affects that also.
Gravity affects tide.
Gravity affects weight because gravity creates weight.
Gravity affects weight.
Gravity allows the liquid to flow into the transfer vessel.
Gravity allows the water to rush into the lock, raising the water level in the lock chamber.
Gravity alone can prevent many paddlers from escaping a vertically pinned kayak.
Gravity also aids distribution of seeds.
Gravity also causes flat surfaces to form on liquids.
Gravity also causes other phenomena that can mask subjects of interest to scientists.
Gravity also causes plates to slide downhill away from ocean ridges.
Gravity also causes the cloud to collapse.
Gravity also contributes to the pollination.
Gravity also has many applications in engineering and hydrogeological investigations.
Gravity also is a significant experimental variable that has largely been ignored.
Gravity also is faster than human reaction.
Gravity also is important on a larger scale.
Gravity also is responsible for the layered structure of planet interiors.
Gravity also makes it hard to climb a rope or a tree.
Gravity also plays an important role in swelling.
Gravity also provide links to past issues.
Gravity amplifies slight irregularities in the density of the primordial gas.
Gravity applies a constant downward force on the cars.
Gravity applies to objects on or near the surface of the Earth.
Gravity arranges matter in thin filaments.
Gravity assist to the outer planets.
Gravity attracts and repels very similar to magnetic forces.
Gravity attracts earth.
Gravity attracts masses one to the other.
Gravity attracts masses together, especially large masses.
Gravity attracts matter.
Gravity attracts the planets to the sun.
Gravity becomes a distinct force.
Gravity becomes degenerate neutron pressure.
Gravity becomes pressure.
Gravity begins to affect a projectile the moment it is released.
Gravity bends light passing a massive object.
Gravity bends time and space.
Gravity brings the nuclei together.
Gravity can also affect motion along a surface as well.
Gravity can also be a danger to people, who can fall or be hurt by falling objects.
Gravity can also be undesirable in certain industrial production processes.
Gravity can also cause the acid to back up into the esophagus.
Gravity can also do the job, as it does when the Earth holds the Moon in orbit.
Gravity can also have a dramatic effect upon space and time.
Gravity can also mask some phenomena that scientists wish to study.
Gravity can also obscure forces that are ever-present but comparatively weak.
Gravity can also provide energy.
Gravity can assist assembly by having sidearm pointing up during installation.
Gravity can assist if the child is placed in the knee-chest position before applying pressure.
Gravity can bend light .
Gravity can bend light.
Gravity can do both positive and negative amounts of work on any object.
Gravity can draw the mucous into the lower regions of the sinus where it can become infected.
Gravity can equal time, or distance, or energy, or connection, expansion, implosion or fate.
Gravity can exert forces that cause friction in rocks and ice.
Gravity can get the best of anyone, on and off the job.
Gravity can only attract.
Gravity can only pull in the direction toward the planet.
Gravity can quicken the spread of the venom if the wound is above the heart.
Gravity can read email if it is translated to news format and posted to a news group.
Gravity can t explain it.
Gravity can then pull all the medication through the line and into the patient.
Gravity can then pull down altered rock faces and start a rock slide.
Gravity carries materials.
Gravity causes a ball to fall to the ground after it is thrown into the air.
Gravity causes a helical path during the descent.
Gravity causes a pair of forces that attract every pair of objects toward each other.
Gravity causes acceleration and helps the luge move.
Gravity causes an attraction to occur between any two things within the universe .
Gravity causes batteries contacts to complete electrical circuit.
Gravity causes blood stasis in the legs and abdominal region.
Gravity causes buoyancy-induced flows.
Gravity causes collapse to continue.
Gravity causes downward forces.
Gravity causes fallings.
Gravity causes fluid to flow along the peritoneal reflections and pool in the pelvis.
Gravity causes forces.
Gravity causes it all to start to compress, it becomes very hot, and dense.
Gravity causes it to fall through the penstock inside the dam.
Gravity causes more blood to travel to the bottom than to the top of the lung.
Gravity causes objects to accelerate towards the ground.
Gravity causes objects to fall toward the earth.
Gravity causes sections of cliffs and hills to move down slope.
Gravity causes stars to have multiple images.
Gravity causes the auxin to collect in the lower parts of the plant , which is the roots.
Gravity causes the ball to fall back to earth .
Gravity causes the ball to tend to move down, but the ground provides a balancing force on it.
Gravity causes the base of the tongue to fall back and obstruct the airway.
Gravity causes the kite to fall.
Gravity causes the last of the star's matter to collapse inward and compact.
Gravity causes the sap to flow downhill to gathering stations for collecting.
Gravity causes the stars to move in orbits, the gravitational pull from all the other stars.
Gravity causes the water to flow from higher to lower ground.
Gravity causes the water to spill back into the lake providing constant circulation.
Gravity causes tide.
Gravity causes tides.
Gravity causes water.
Gravity causes weight.
Gravity causing rock to fall and break apart is another example of physical weathering.
Gravity changes the geometry of space by curving it.
Gravity check A crash.
Gravity collapses the crater walls downward and inward.
Gravity comes before the fall.
Gravity comes from matter, so the presence of matter causes distortions or warps in spacetime.
Gravity competes with rate of expansion.
Gravity compresses and heats the core.
Gravity compresses our anatomy from the head downwards.
Gravity condenses part of the cloud into a warm, red protostar.
Gravity connects Jupiter to the sun.
Gravity conquers a 'rope-flying' legend.
Gravity continues to contract cloud.
Gravity Continues to Tour.
Gravity contributes to edema in dependent parts as does the retention of salt in the body.
Gravity creates and destroys energy by creating a force when a mass enters a field.
Gravity creates force and energy.
Gravity deals with the complexities of government and private funding and gravity research.
Gravity declines with separation.
Gravity decreases with distance.
Gravity defying flips and challenging stunts are what make aggressive inline skating spectacular.
Gravity depends on mass.
Gravity depends upon both mass and distance - of course, it decreases with distance.
Gravity die casting is suitable for mass production and for fully mechanised casting.
Gravity differs between objects of different compositions.
Gravity differs crucially from electromagnetism inasmuch as the gravitational field is nonlinear.
Gravity dispensing provides faster, safer and more sanitary ice removal.
Gravity does bend space-time.
Gravity does decrease as the distance away from earth increases.
Gravity does extend instantaneously without bound.
Gravity does have a effect on the scale.
Gravity does have some basic case-tracking features including a document database.
Gravity does it all.
Gravity does more than get cars around the track.
Gravity does more than make apples fall to earth.
Gravity does most of the work.
Gravity does play a large and important role in judo.
Gravity does play a role in the strength of developing stems.
Gravity DOES pull on helium balloons.
Gravity does rule for falling events.
Gravity does the rest as the leaf falls to the ground.
Gravity does the rest of the work.
Gravity does the rest.
Gravity drags the ice downward.
Gravity drags the loosened molecules into a pool around the ice.
Gravity drains the blood into a container.
Gravity drains the congestion to the lower side.
Gravity drains the fluid into the bag.
Gravity draws gas from a companion star onto a black hole in a swirling pattern.
Gravity draws the bulge down below the mean surface into a trough.
Gravity draws time and space together.
Gravity drives the water, moving it from high ground to low ground.
Gravity dumps and chutes can help in disposing of materials.
Gravity empties the larger tubes.
Gravity ensures they hang straight down.
Gravity eventually reshapes the planet into a sphere.
Gravity exacerbates the situation, contributing to the formation of jowls and drooping eyelids.
Gravity exerts a downward pull on the head of the humerus.
Gravity exerts a force downward, called the weight and labeled w .
Gravity exerts a force downward, elevator floor upward.
Gravity exerts a force on all objects.
Gravity exerts a force on the hammer head.
Gravity exerts forces.
Gravity exerts no influence over the spirit.
Gravity exerts restore forces.
Gravity exists apart from our opinion on it.
Gravity exists between the particles, but is too weak to be a factor.
Gravity exists due to mass, even if no pressure exists.
Gravity exists in a vaccuum.
Gravity exists in the system of nature.
Gravity falls off dramatically with distance.
Gravity feeds the fuel through long hoses to the car.
Gravity feeds the water to a pump, then to filters, and finally to a pressure tank.
Gravity feels like it has disappeared.
Gravity fills the universe.
Gravity filter the hot solution.
Gravity filter the white solid.
Gravity finally wins and compresses everything to a mathematical point at the center.
Gravity finally wins, compressing core to mathematical point at center.
Gravity finally wins.
Gravity flows carry sands to deep basin.
Gravity flows on the power line.
Gravity focuses greater on such a large object,forcing it to collapes.
Gravity follows law.
Gravity forces our body to function as a unified whole.
Gravity forces some of the water to drip out of the sponge.
Gravity forces the ball to accelerate downward dramatically during the flight.
Gravity forces the kite down.
Gravity forces the lumps to collapse inward.
Gravity forces the star to contract, but at the same time it heats up.
Gravity forces the up direction to always be up.
Gravity further influences the ability of water to travel over, under, and above Earth's surface.
Gravity gently begins to be felt, and the team begins to stand more naturally.
Gravity gets stronger as something gets bigger or more massive .
Gravity gets stronger as something gets bigger or more massive.
Gravity gives an object more mass.
Gravity gives potential energy to an object.
Gravity goes beyond the standard by once again catering to the end user in extensive fashion.
Gravity goes on forever.
Gravity governs the dance, allowing stars, planets and moons to relate coherently to one another.
Gravity guides it from tank to barrel.
Gravity handles both multiple news servers and off-line reading quite well.
Gravity happens to be the one that works on our fractal space.
Gravity harvest the ice on both sides of the vertical evaporator.
Gravity has energy.
Gravity has everything to do with it.
Gravity has it's say.
Gravity has motion.
Gravity has no effect on black dog hair.
Gravity has nothing to do with rotation.
Gravity has nothing to do with the microcosmos.
Gravity has other energy effects near the surface of the Earth.
Gravity has peculiar properties.
Gravity has properties.
Gravity has roles.
Gravity has values.
Gravity helps decrease the flow rate.
Gravity helps keep stomach acid in the stomach.
Gravity helps muscles stay healthy.
Gravity helps reduce swelling by draining excess fluid.
Gravity helps reduce swelling by draining excess liquid.
Gravity holds a star and a planet together.
Gravity holds Earth in orbit around the sun, and it holds the moon in orbit around Earth.
Gravity holds everything in place.
Gravity holds galaxies together, against the general expansion of the universe.
Gravity holds it in orbit.
Gravity holds the air - the atmoshpere, around the earth.
Gravity holds the atmosphere in place.
Gravity holds the atmosphere to the Earth's surface.
Gravity holds the atmosphere to the Martian surface.
Gravity holds the Earth and the other planets in orbit around the sun.
Gravity holds the galaxy together.
Gravity holds their stars together.
Gravity holds together a universe whose size boggles the mind.
Gravity holds water and air near the surface of the earth and affects how they move around.
Gravity includes, the severity of any possible injury and the probability of an accident.
Gravity increases concentration.
Gravity increases the fluctuations.
Gravity increases with height.
Gravity induces a fast electric charge in soybean hypocotyls.
Gravity inexorably pulls things in the universe together.
Gravity influences the passage of time.
Gravity insures that objects roll from the top to the bottom.
Gravity is a basic force of nature created between objects that have mass.
Gravity is a bitch.
Gravity is a body force.
Gravity is a conservative force, and there are many others.
Gravity is a conservative force.
Gravity is a constant stimulus governing the orientation of plant growth.
Gravity is a convenient reference to use here.
Gravity is a direct result of a spacial distortion.
Gravity is a downward force caused by the gigantic mass of the Earth and the mass of the ball.
Gravity is a fact of nature.
Gravity is a factor in the motion routines.
Gravity is a focal point from which matter desires to explode outwardly.
Gravity is a force directed through all objects toward the center of the earth.
Gravity is a force everywhere, but sometimes scientists want to do studies without gravity's pull.
Gravity is a force from off the earth causing the laws of gravity.
Gravity is a force of attraction between all matter.
Gravity is a force of attraction between masses.
Gravity is a force of attraction between objects.
Gravity is a force of attraction between two objects.
Gravity is a force of attraction that pulls objects toward the earth.
Gravity is a force of nature that has intrigued humanity for centuries.
Gravity is a force pulling down on the cup, and the desktop is a force pushing up on it.
Gravity is a force that acts between any two objects with mass.
Gravity is a force that acts only on objects with mass.
Gravity is a force that acts upon an object and gives it potential energy.
Gravity is a force that all living organisms have to deal with.
Gravity is a force that depends on both the involved masses and distance between the masses.
Gravity is a force that governs motion throughout the universe.
Gravity is a force that influences the behaviour of objects in the real world.
Gravity is a force that is present between objects that have mass.
Gravity is a force that keeps objects moving in space.
Gravity is a force that knows no preferred scale.
Gravity is a force that pulls down on everything on Earth.
Gravity is a force that pulls everything down to the Earth.
Gravity is a force that pulls everything on the earth straight down.
Gravity is a force that pulls objects together.
Gravity is a force that pulls objects toward a planet or other large object.
Gravity is a force that pulls objects toward the earth.
Gravity is a force that pulls on things.
Gravity is a force that pulls stuff together.
Gravity is a force that pulls things down .
Gravity is a force that pulls things to the ground.
Gravity is a force that tries to pull two objects toward each other.
Gravity is a force which acts upon objects and systems.
Gravity is a force which every object exerts on every other object.
Gravity is a force which tries to pull two objects toward each other.
Gravity is a force, little g is an acceleration.
Gravity is a force, so too is friction.
Gravity is a force.
Gravity is a form of resistance affecting the testing of trunk, neck and extremity muscles.
Gravity is a fundamental underlying force in the universe.
Gravity is a good example in physics.
Gravity is a great aid in birthing a child.
Gravity is a great word to describe it, cause it's like the earth's pull.
Gravity is a habit that is hard to shake off.
Gravity is a harsh mistress Better to have loved and lost than to pass a kidney stone.
Gravity is a hell of a lot different from porn and smoking.
Gravity is a human drama hidden under the premise of being stranded in space.
Gravity is a law.
Gravity is a less expensive option, but is more rigid with fewer features.
Gravity is a lie invented by the purveyors of the inherently false spherical Earth theory.
Gravity is a lie.
Gravity is a long reaching force, and the planets are big.
Gravity is a major handicap.
Gravity is a mathematical equation.
Gravity is a matter of the structure of space-time.
Gravity is a measure of attaction between to objects.
Gravity is a more basic tool for transcript management.
Gravity is a much larger force than wind resistance.
Gravity is a much weaker force than electromagnetism.
Gravity is a Mystery .
Gravity Is A Mystery .
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
Gravity is a myth.
Gravity is a nuisance.
Gravity is a particularly fun e-zine.
Gravity is a prediction that when apples leave a tree branch, they fall.
Gravity is a pretty handy force to have around.
Gravity is a pretty weak force as fundmental forces go.
Gravity is a pulling force between two objects and gravity pulls objects to the center of the Earth.
Gravity is a quality all matter have, simply by being made of matter, objects pull each other.
Gravity is a radial field of inward flowing lines.
Gravity is a result of a basic property of all objects in the universe.
Gravity is a result of a warping or distortion of spacetime around a massive object.
Gravity is a sand sculptor's friend, holding the sand together.
Gravity is a scientific fact that relativity seeks to explain.
Gravity is a scientific law because it can be repeatedly observed.
Gravity is a scientific theory because things fall, largely without exception.
Gravity is a simulation program based on a mathematical model of gravitational forces.
Gravity is a strange force.
Gravity is a tendency of objects to fall down.
Gravity is a theory.
Gravity is a type of acceleration .
Gravity is a universal force, but sometimes scientists want to do research without gravity's pull.
Gravity is a universal, natural force that attracts objects to each other.
Gravity is a very important force.
Gravity is a very weak force compared to electrical forces.
Gravity is a wonderful concept.
Gravity is a wonderful thing, but the lack of it has benefits as well.
Gravity is a wonderful thing.
Gravity is actually an extremely weak force.
Gravity is actually kind of a pain to get to work correctly.
Gravity is affected by the size and proximity of objects.
Gravity is also a fad.
Gravity is also only attractive.
Gravity is also proportional to how much mass each thing has.
Gravity is also responsible for several other forms of sediment relocation.
Gravity is also unique in that it seems to have no opposing force.
Gravity is always attractive never repulsive.
Gravity is always attractive, while other forces such as magnetism can either repel or attract.
Gravity is always attractive.
Gravity is always consistent.
Gravity is always gravity.
Gravity is always stronger than the strong nuclear force.
Gravity is an acceleration that attracts two masses - or a body to Earth, for example.
Gravity is an acceleration, and so it mimics gravity.
Gravity is an act of matter in compression.
Gravity is an agent of erosion and transport of rocks and regolith.
Gravity is an always-attractive force that acts between particles of matter.
Gravity is an ancient excuse for violent water.
Gravity is an attraction between any two objects.
Gravity is an attractive force between all pairs of massive objects in the universe.
Gravity is an attractive force between objects.
Gravity is an attractive force existing between and among all objects that have mass.
Gravity is an attractive force that acts on large objects over large distances.
Gravity is an attractive force that attempts to contract the gas and dust.
Gravity is an attractive force that tries to pull matter into clumps.
Gravity is an attractive force.
Gravity is an averaged collective electromagnetic type of force.
Gravity is an energy field.
Gravity is an ever present force which causes secondary actions.
Gravity is an example of a conservative force.
Gravity is an example of a force that is always a pull.
Gravity is an example of a non-contact force.
Gravity is an example of potential energy.
Gravity is an example.
Gravity is an extra force that complicates the equations.
Gravity is an important element of the environment.
Gravity is an important partner, contributing to erosion as much as the infrequent rains.
Gravity is an important universal force that effects all matter in the cosmos.
Gravity is an innate property of matter.
Gravity is an interaction occurring between all massive bodies.
Gravity is an intrinsic property of space and heavy stars affect it by causing curvature.
Gravity is an obvious example of a conservative force.
Gravity is an online journal of writing, music and art.
Gravity is an online magazine of opinion with an interactive newsgroup-like discussion section.
Gravity is an unbalanced force on the cup.
Gravity is another form of energy associated with matter.
Gravity is at work here.
Gravity is at work to pull it down.
Gravity is attraction
Gravity is attraction.
Gravity is available in water just as there is gravity everywhere on earth .
Gravity is behaviour.
Gravity is caused by the Earth's spin.
Gravity is caused by the expansion of the universe.
Gravity is causes a number of forces in the structure of ropes and posts.
Gravity is certainly cheaper and quieter than a noisy electric sump pump.
Gravity is companies.
Gravity is considered constant across the entire particle system.
Gravity is constant across the event horizon.
Gravity is constant no matter what it's acting on.
Gravity is converted into light.
Gravity is created by mass.
Gravity is created by the mass of a planet, star or other celestial body.
Gravity is demonstrated to be an important factor.
Gravity is different on the different planets, which keeps the gameplay constantly changing.
Gravity is directly proportional to mass.
Gravity is double Earth's.
Gravity is easy-peasy by comparison.
Gravity is energy attracted to energy.
Gravity is enough to bring the bike to a stop.
Gravity is entirely due to the action of the little suckers.
Gravity is essential.
Gravity is even weaker at the top of Mt. Everest.
Gravity is everywhere in our universe.
Gravity is everywhere.
Gravity is evidenced wherever compression from without is maximum.
Gravity is exactly detectable as a local acceleration and can be precisely measured.
Gravity is fairly weak.
Gravity is feelings.
Gravity is folded magnetism.
Gravity is forces of nature.
Gravity is forces.
Gravity is fun.
Gravity is generated by matter.
Gravity is generated by objects with mass.
Gravity is generated by observable matter.
Gravity is geometry of the macroscopic.
Gravity is geometry.
Gravity is given by the shape of space.
Gravity is governed by a gluon called the graviton.
Gravity is ignored.
Gravity is important for the retention of an atmosphere.
Gravity is important in return of some blood to heart.
Gravity is important.
Gravity is in effect, so one has to use the engine feature of the little craft to stay aloft.
Gravity is in some sense the ultimate field.
Gravity is in the form of energy waves.
Gravity is in the negative x direction.
Gravity is innocent of wave.
Gravity is integral.
Gravity is irrelevant.
Gravity is just a force of attraction between any object with mass and earth .
Gravity is just a word.
Gravity is just the bending of spacetime by massive objects.
Gravity is known, as a matter of fact, to be non-linear.
Gravity is like milk.
Gravity is Love. .
Gravity is low on an asteroid.
Gravity is matter's memory it once was light.
Gravity is measured by means of a gravimeter.
Gravity is measured by the acceleration that it gives to freely falling objects.
Gravity is measured using only the spacecraft's radio signal.
Gravity is more of an effect rather than a force.
Gravity is natural forces.
Gravity is necessary for normal development of the gravity sensory system.
Gravity is necessary for the maintainance of human skeletal and muscular strength.
Gravity is necessary.
Gravity is negligible.
Gravity is no exception.
Gravity is no longer a force to be overcome.
Gravity is normal to the plane of movement.
Gravity is normal.
Gravity is normally the most important factor.
Gravity is nothing but the bumps, depressions, and warpings of geometrical space-time.
Gravity is nullified by neutrinos because gravitons are neutrinos.
Gravity is of most importance.
Gravity is off by default.
Gravity is one of nature's most powerful forces.
Gravity is one of the basic forces of the universe, really, really important.
Gravity is one of the four fundamental forces of nature, and by far the weakest of the four.
Gravity is one of the four fundamental forces of nature.
Gravity is one of the four fundamental physical forces.
Gravity is one of the fundamental forces that acts on an object in flight.
Gravity is one of the most basic forces in nature.
Gravity is one of the stimuli that is important in plant growth and development.
Gravity is one of the weakest forces in the universe.
Gravity is one such field.
Gravity is one such force.
Gravity is only a theory.
Gravity is only attractive whereas the other two can be either attractive or repulsive.
Gravity is only one change.
Gravity is our most basic human assumption.
Gravity is parallel to the plane of movement.
Gravity is present throughout the solar system and beyond.
Gravity is present throughout the solar system at different levels.
Gravity is Present.
Gravity is real.
Gravity is really a test of how serious the tax evasion was.
Gravity is really just mass effecting spacetime .
Gravity is relatively constant around the earth s surface.
Gravity is relied upon for that.
Gravity is required to use fix pour.
Gravity is responsible for a.
Gravity is responsible for the rising and falling of the tides.
Gravity is seen as a warping of spacetime in on itself.
Gravity is set to zero, or equivalently the flow is considered to lie in the horizontal plane.
Gravity is shown to play an important role.
Gravity is simulated by rotation along the axis of the cylinder.
Gravity is strong because mass is high for very small object.
Gravity is such a force.
Gravity is such that objects fall at the same acceleration regardless of their mass.
Gravity is sufficient.
Gravity is taken to act in -y direction.
Gravity is the arch-enemy of successful rocket performance.
Gravity is the attraction between any two objects that have mass.
Gravity is the attraction to bodies of mass have on one another.
Gravity is the attractive force that acts between objects with mass.
Gravity is the big hurdle to be overcome in space travel.
Gravity is the constant factor.
Gravity is the constant impelling force associated with mass.
Gravity is the curvature of spacetime around matter.
Gravity is the deciding factor for all clusters.
Gravity is the dominant driving force in groundwater movement in unconfined aquifers.
Gravity is the dominant force in shaping our universe on the largest scales.
Gravity is the dominant force in the lives and deaths of stars and galaxies.
Gravity is the dominant interaction at cosmological distances .
Gravity is the dominant interaction at cosmological distances.
Gravity is the downward force created by the weight of the kite.
Gravity is the enemy.
Gravity is the force all objects exert on all other objects.
Gravity is the force driving landslide movement.
Gravity is the force inside the path that pulls everything towards the center of the blast.
Gravity is the force of attraction all celestial bodies have upon objects at their surface.
Gravity is the force of attraction an object has on another object.
Gravity is the force of attraction between all matter in the universe.
Gravity is the force of attraction between any two objects.
Gravity is the force of attraction between two objects.
Gravity is the force of attraction that causes objects to fall toward the center of the earth.
Gravity is the force of attraction that is proportional to mass.
Gravity is the force of one object pulling on another object.
Gravity is the force pulling the aircraft down.
Gravity is the force that attracts objects to the Earth.
Gravity is the force that brings two objects together .
Gravity is the force that brings two objects together.
Gravity is the force that causes objects to attract one another.
Gravity is the force that causes objects to fall.
Gravity is the force that causes things to fall down .
Gravity is the force that causes things to fall down.
Gravity is the force that does the bending.
Gravity is the force that exists between any two objects that have mass.
Gravity is the force that explains the phenomena of the tides.
Gravity is the force that holds our rotating galaxy together.
Gravity is the force that keeps planets in orbit around the sun.
Gravity is the force that keeps planets orbiting their suns, and moons orbiting the planets.
Gravity is the force that keeps the earth in orbit about our sun.
Gravity is the force that keeps the planets in orbit around the Sun .
Gravity is the force that makes objects pull toward each other.
Gravity is the force that makes startup companies actually start up.
Gravity is the force that makes the earth a foundation for the building in the first place.
Gravity is the force that pulls all objects in the universe toward each other.
Gravity is the force that pulls all objects in the universe toward one another.
Gravity is the force that pulls all objects toward the center of the earth.
Gravity is the force that pulls all objects towards the center of the earth.
Gravity is the force that pulls any two masses together, notably the earth and our human bodies.
Gravity is the force that pulls objects back toward the earth.
Gravity is the force that pulls objects toward the center of the earth.
Gravity is the force that pulls objects toward the Earth.
Gravity is the force that pulls things toward earth.
Gravity is the force that repels two objects that have opposite charges.
Gravity is the force which hold the atmosphere in place.
Gravity is the force which makes a thrown ball fall back to the ground .
Gravity is the force which pulls the dust downward.
Gravity is the force.
Gravity is the general concept while weight is the specific force exerted by gravity.
Gravity is the invisible force between objects that makes objects attract each other.
Gravity is the main force making the face fall.
Gravity is the main force that makes groundwater move.
Gravity is the main power source moving the car along the track.
Gravity is the means by which an object with mass warps space and time.
Gravity is the miller's partner.
Gravity is the missing link in unification theory.
Gravity is the most important thing in space.
Gravity is the most potent creator of order.
Gravity is the most powerful force that affects the human body .
Gravity is the mysterious force that makes everything fall down towards the Earth.
Gravity is the natural force of attraction that acts between objects with mass.
Gravity is the only force acting on a dancer in mid-air.
Gravity is the only force acting on it.
Gravity is the only force on a satellite.
Gravity is the only force that has been shown to retard or prevent expansion.
Gravity is the only global field that affects particles absolutely.
Gravity is the primary factor in a landslide.
Gravity is the prime factor in the movement of groundwater from higher locations to lower.
Gravity is the principal factor to be considered here.
Gravity is the principal factor to be considered.
Gravity is the property of matter that forms an attraction.
Gravity is the pull among masses.
Gravity is the pull that one object exerts on another.
Gravity is the pull toward the center of an object, for example a planet or a moon.
Gravity is the pull toward the center of an object, such as the center of a planet or a moon.
Gravity is the pull toward the center of the Earth.
Gravity is the pulling force between two objects due to their masses.
Gravity is the pulling force that holds objects to the surface of a planet.
Gravity is the result of a metric, a symmetric tensor.
Gravity is the result of concentrations of information being directed to a point in time and space.
Gravity is the result of other forces at work.
Gravity is the same as a star of the same mass.
Gravity is the sea's enemy.
Gravity is the strongest force in space.
Gravity is the strongest of the fundamental forces of nature.
Gravity is the variable of the universe that can change the equation and make it longer or shorter.
Gravity is the weakest force in nature.
Gravity is the weakest of all four forces but unlike the others it has an unlimited range.
Gravity is the weakest of the fundamental forces and yet, it has an unlimited range.
Gravity is the weakest of the fundamental forces but it acts over great distances.
Gravity is the weakest of the fundamental forces, yet it has an unlimited range.
Gravity is the weakest of the natural forces.
Gravity is the worst enemy of a building.
Gravity is therefore nothing but the result of the general expansion of the universe.
Gravity is thus quite different from the other forces, at least to our limited understanding.
Gravity is transmitted by slow moving waves of large wavelengths.
Gravity is transmitted by slow-moving waves of large wavelengths.
Gravity is turned off to ensure forced-flow conditions.
Gravity is unforgiving, and so is proof writing.
Gravity is universal.
Gravity is unusual.
Gravity is used to calculate a beer's volume of alcohol.
Gravity is used to let the tangents drop away from the melody strings.
Gravity is useless without movement.
Gravity is very important to our everyday lives.
Gravity is VERY weak though.
Gravity is weak forces.
Gravity is weak.
Gravity is weighty subject.
Gravity is weird.
Gravity is what brings it down.
Gravity is what causes things to have weight.
Gravity is what holds everything together.
Gravity is what is powering the river in the first place.
Gravity is what makes things fall, and what makes things heavy.
Gravity is yet another.
Gravity isa attraction.
Gravity keeps liquids in contact with the heat source where boiling occurs.
Gravity keeps the beer in the glass and the bubbles rise through it.
Gravity keeps the clusters intact.
Gravity keeps the Earth's atmosphere, oceans, and inhabitants from drifting into space.
Gravity keeps the gases from going out to space.
Gravity keeps the moon in a constant free fall around the earth.
Gravity keeps the planets, comets, and asteroids of the solar system bound in orbit around the Sun.
Gravity makes a ball want to roll down hill.
Gravity makes a lock work.
Gravity makes a projectile fall toward the earth while in flight.
Gravity makes all chemicals run along the bottom.
Gravity makes difficult the lifting and movement of massive objects.
Gravity makes it collapse in on itself - causing the explosion.
Gravity makes it easier to move an object down a ramp than up that ramp.
Gravity makes matter move.
Gravity makes the air to be as close as possible to the ground .
Gravity makes the air to be as close as possible to the ground.
Gravity makes the atoms attract each other into a smaller and smaller space.
Gravity makes the dialysate flow down into the abdominal cavity.
Gravity makes the Earth, the sun, and all the planets round like a ball.
Gravity makes the milk pour down.
Gravity makes the moisture fall back to Earth.
Gravity makes the pojectiles follow an inverted parabola.
Gravity makes the raindrops fall .
Gravity markedly detracts from a normal sitting posture.
Gravity means the characteristics which entitle one to reverence, respect, dignity, and honor.
Gravity mediates other cycles that also matter to life, although they are less obvious.
Gravity moves earth materials from higher elevations to lower elevations.
Gravity moves the universe.
Gravity moves the water from the reservoir to a nearby treatment plant.
Gravity moves water down, degrading plains and other landforms over time.
Gravity moves water vertically through the soil.
Gravity multiplied by the object's mass produces a force called weight.
Gravity never loses.
Gravity never stops.
Gravity now does a much better job of computing orbits.
Gravity now makes the dialysate containing waste products drain out.
Gravity now offers a wide array of boards that redefine the term cool.
Gravity now works right.
Gravity offers great resistance against one's own body.
Gravity only acts on the vertical component.
Gravity only acts on things when they are falling.
Gravity only becomes noticeable when there is a really massive object like a moon, planet or star.
Gravity ONLY works vertically or in the y direction.
Gravity operates on any particle with mass, and is mediated by the graviton .
Gravity operates on objects of all sizes, from subatomic particles to clusters of galaxies.
Gravity operates over long, long distances.
Gravity orders the heavens by giving an unseen but powerful shape to space-time.
Gravity originally extends the oil into a smooth layer across the surface.
Gravity overcomes forces.
Gravity overcomes internal pressure.
Gravity overwhelms all other forces, and all matter falls deep into the star.
Gravity passes through atmospheres.
Gravity plays a central role in all of astrophysics.
Gravity plays no role whatsoever because gravity is a fictious force.
Gravity plays only a minor role on Earth and none in space.
Gravity points in direction.
Gravity points slightly to the right.
Gravity points to the right.
Gravity prevents the atmosphere from escaping.
Gravity produces a force that pulls objects towards each other, like a person towards the ground.
Gravity provides a constant reference independent from mechanical and human limitations.
Gravity provides ONLY a force of attraction between all forms of matter and energy.
Gravity provides propulsion.
Gravity provides the centripetal force necessary for kepler's third law.
Gravity provides the centripetal force that keeps things in orbit.
Gravity provides the energy for landslides, but water also plays a number of roles.
Gravity provides the glue for the orbital motion.
Gravity provides torque.
Gravity pulls a person's body downward by a force equal to their weight.
Gravity pulls a plane down and works against lift which pulls it up.
Gravity pulls atmosphere closer, gas pressure tries to expand it outward.
Gravity pulls both air and water towards itself as Earth rotates underneath.
Gravity pulls both down hill.
Gravity pulls both galaxies into somewhat new shapes, formng bars, rings or tail-like structures.
Gravity pulls both the object and the water downward.
Gravity pulls down at the center of gravity.
Gravity pulls down at the center of mass, the air pushes up at the center of pressure.
Gravity pulls down on a roof, helping to keep it on the house.
Gravity pulls down on airplanes and birds.
Gravity pulls down, and the shelf pushes up.
Gravity pulls downward on the air and packs it together tightly near the ground.
Gravity pulls everything relentlessly toward the earth.
Gravity pulls everything toward the earth.
Gravity pulls everything towards the centre of the earth.
Gravity pulls hydrogen gas together to form a cloud.
Gravity pulls inward and is counterbalanced by pressures pushing the hot gas out.
Gravity pulls it down all the time, and of course it does move down.
Gravity pulls it down the ramp.
Gravity pulls it down through the bacteria-covered packing material.
Gravity pulls it down.
Gravity pulls it out.
Gravity pulls it toward all the other stones.
Gravity pulls massive objects together.
Gravity pulls materials.
Gravity pulls matter down and breaks it.
Gravity pulls objects down to Earth at the same speed, regardless of how heavy they are.
Gravity pulls on birds, too.
Gravity pulls on everything.
Gravity pulls on the mass and gives it weight .
Gravity pulls on the mass and gives it weight.
Gravity pulls on their fluid matter, elongating it.
Gravity pulls our bodily fluids down , like water in a glass goes to the bottom part of a glass .
Gravity pulls particles.
Gravity pulls pet food from the hopper into the fin section at the highest point of rotation.
Gravity pulls powder into nipple drum.
Gravity pulls relentlessly at the chin line.
Gravity pulls soil particles.
Gravity pulls the aircraft to Earth in a force equal to the weight of the aircraft.
Gravity pulls the ball of cesium atoms back through the microwave cavity.
Gravity pulls the baton down toward the floor.
Gravity pulls the briefcase down, and the shoulder with it.
Gravity pulls the cannonball down, in a curve called a parabola.
Gravity pulls the coin back down in an exchange with the Earth.
Gravity pulls the crest down, but the water's mometum overcomes the gravity and causes a trough.
Gravity pulls the dirt downhill.
Gravity pulls the drip into a long shape and the center stays hollow.
Gravity pulls the dropped ball straight down to the floor.
Gravity pulls the egg down, but the bottle pushes it up.
Gravity pulls the fluid downward, and it collects in the feet and ankles.
Gravity pulls the fragments down onto the other, nearly unscathed rock.
Gravity pulls the frisbee down.
Gravity pulls the gases down, causing more gas molecules to be in the part closest to Earth.
Gravity pulls the gasses together until the added pressure causes fusion.
Gravity pulls the ice down the mountainside, both scouring and smoothing the bedrock as it goes.
Gravity pulls the light into the center of the planet, where it bends in ever-shrinking spirals.
Gravity pulls the mass of a thing toward Earth.
Gravity pulls the material together.
Gravity pulls the more dense water under the bulk styrene.
Gravity pulls the object quickly down toward the Earth.
Gravity pulls the outer layers of the star inward.
Gravity pulls the peg downward into the soil where the peanut pod forms.
Gravity pulls the pile down.
Gravity pulls the plume into valleys and low spots.
Gravity pulls the rain to the rivers, and ultimately to the sea.
Gravity pulls the satellite toward the center of the Earth.
Gravity pulls the scapula into downward rotation.
Gravity pulls the toast to the ground.
Gravity pulls the water down through the filter and the grounds and into the pot.
Gravity pulls the water downward.
Gravity pulls the water through the dirt.
Gravity pulls the water to the ocean again through the rivers and the process starts over again.
Gravity pulls the wave pack down into the ocean.
Gravity pulls things down because that's how it is designed.
Gravity pulls things together.
Gravity pulls things towards the centre of the Earth.
Gravity pulls two of the magnets down.
Gravity pulls underground water.
Gravity pulls unsupported blocks down into available spaces.
Gravity pulls water down a hill.
Gravity pulls water.
Gravity pushes down and the leg has a component which pushes to the side.
Gravity pushes it up.
Gravity pushes the car down into the track in the balance zone.
Gravity pushes the layers of air down on the earth's surface.
Gravity ranges across the universe at large and electricity binds the atoms of all matter.
Gravity reduces the effective acceleration, and it is generally the most important force.
Gravity repels it.
Gravity represents the attraction between objects.
Gravity requires a medium to act through.
Gravity results from the compaction which leads to the pulling action of the black hole.
Gravity rides convey passengers in or on a carrier tube, bag, bathing suit, or clothes.
Gravity searches much faster.
Gravity seems to be in working order.
Gravity severely truncates the length of the warp tunnel.
Gravity shapes the flame on Earth.
Gravity shapes the mass.
Gravity shapes the universe and is probably connected to the existence of space and time themselves.
Gravity shows total shielding on large planets only.
Gravity simply pulls loose earth materials downhill .
Gravity simply pulls loose earth materials downhill.
Gravity slowly pulls the water in a zig-zag route through narrow channels connecting the ponds.
Gravity slows the expansion of the universe.
Gravity slows the expansion.
Gravity slumping is only visible on airless worlds with timescales of billions of years.
Gravity smells brown, as in Brownian motion.
Gravity smells just like anti-gravity.
Gravity smells like a big ol' heap 'a mashed potatoes.
Gravity smells like a black hole.
Gravity smells like a cave - or dirt.
Gravity smells like a cool summer breeze next to a sewer.
Gravity smells like boxwoods.
Gravity smells like claustrophobia and grief.
Gravity smells like dirt.
Gravity smells like fish.
Gravity smells like lemons.
Gravity smells like nose-mucus.
Gravity smells like plastic flowers, but an object only smells so when it is being dropped.
Gravity smells like potpourri.
Gravity smells like pure water, only a little less so.
Gravity smells like the area right near a lightning strike.
Gravity smells like the number twelve.
Gravity smells like white.
Gravity smells purple.
Gravity smells rather like the thundercats lair.
Gravity smells thin.
Gravity stands out as an obvious example, but there are others.
Gravity still exists under water.
Gravity still originates from mass, and the gravitational field of a mass is towards the mass.
Gravity still pulls it down, but as it does, the ball's momentum carries it forward.
Gravity still takes effect.
Gravity stretches the stream, then surface tension pinches it into spheres.
Gravity studies Rocks also have variable densities.
Gravity supplies the necessary centripetal force to hold a satellite in orbit about the earth.
Gravity supposedly reaches between branes.
Gravity takes care of the rest.
Gravity takes control and the train coasts along the track until reaching brakes.
Gravity takes it toll, flattening the arch, thus lengthening our tootsies.
Gravity takes over once a rock is free to move.
Gravity takes over.
Gravity tends to bring the ball back to ground surface.
Gravity tends to cause the gas cavity to float upwards.
Gravity tends to hold millions of stars together in groups called galaxies.
Gravity tends to pool blood in the legs and feet and create a sluggish return to the heart.
Gravity tends to pull an airplane to the earth when it is in flight.
Gravity then carries the water into the septic tank or the sewer system.
Gravity then causes the roller to move down the decline.
Gravity then drags the heavier plate beneath the other.
Gravity then helps keep stomach acid out of the esophagus while sleeping.
Gravity then locates the section to be advanced.
Gravity then makes the water fall.
Gravity then pulls heavier, cold water down from the tank and into the collector inlet.
Gravity then pulls the weakened skin downward, more and more as the years go by.
Gravity then takes over and accelerates the ball as it falls vertically.
Gravity there is ten times that of Earth.
Gravity tries to force contraction of the cloud.
Gravity tries to make high-density lumps contract.
Gravity tries to make the earth as compact and round as possible.
Gravity tries to pull things to the center of the earth.
Gravity tugs the star's atmosphere into the star.
Gravity turns on bulb when hood opens and off when closed.
Gravity turns out to be a universal force.
Gravity uses a third part library that has the problem.
Gravity uses the newsgroups header to determine the number of groups an article was posted to.
Gravity varies directly with mass, but inversely with distance.
Gravity wants to crush the neutrons out of existence, but neutrons are fairly solid, and push back.
Gravity wins again.
Gravity wins and the resulting catastrophic collapse overwhelms the limited space it occupies.
Gravity wins and the star shrinks.
Gravity wins finally and forever.
Gravity works against blood flow to the brain and upper body.
Gravity works equally well on both.
Gravity works in a similar way.
Gravity works in our favor here.
Gravity works in the opposite direction of randomization.
Gravity works is a similar way.
Gravity works just like a magnet .
Gravity works on a much larger scale.
Gravity works only downward, while air friction works against the direction of motion of the object.
Gravity works quickly and the soil and detergent sink back into the pile.
Gravity works the same on all objects unless wind resistance gets in the way.
Gravity works together with the topography of the land to channel water.
Gravity always acts as a vector pointing straight down to the center of the earth.
Gravity always acts on the reflector in the same plane, thus simplifying design and reducing cost.
Gravity always acts the same.
Gravity always gives rise to pairs of motion in the cosmos.
Gravity always has an attractive force on every object in the universe.
Gravity always points toward the center of the earth.
Gravity always pulls, it never pushes.
Gravity always wins, ironing out the earth.
Gravity always wins.
Gravity always works.
Gravity often works better than brakes.
Most gravity acts on mass.
Most gravity acts on projectiles.
Most gravity affects earth.
Most gravity affects mass.
Most gravity affects motion.
Most gravity attracts earth.
Most gravity becomes degenerate neutron pressure.
Most gravity becomes pressure.
Most gravity carries materials.
Most gravity causes downward forces.
Most gravity causes forces.
Most gravity causes tide.
Most gravity causes water.
Most gravity depends on mass.
Most gravity has energy.
Most gravity has motion.
Most gravity has peculiar properties.
Most gravity has properties.
Most gravity has roles.
Most gravity has values.
Most gravity increases concentration.
Most gravity is generated by matter.
Most gravity is generated by observable matter.
Most gravity passes through atmospheres.
Most gravity provides torque.
Most gravity pulls materials.
Most gravity pulls particles.
Most gravity pulls soil particles.
Most gravity pulls underground water.
Most gravity pulls water.
Some gravity acts on clouds.
Some gravity acts on planes.
Some gravity affects habits.
Some gravity applies to particles.
Some gravity applies to single particles.
Some gravity becomes light.
Some gravity causes astronomical phenomena.
Some gravity causes clouds.
Some gravity causes dust.
Some gravity causes earth.
Some gravity causes landslide.
Some gravity causes phenomena.
Some gravity causes such phenomena.
Some gravity changes over time.
Some gravity changes water.
Some gravity contributes to dispersals.
Some gravity contributes to seed dispersals.
Some gravity creates air.
Some gravity creates fall tide.
Some gravity creates forces.
Some gravity creates tide.
Some gravity depends on components.
Some gravity depends on different components.
Some gravity equals properties.
Some gravity has behavior.
Some gravity has influence behavior.
Some gravity has ranges.
Some gravity produces gravitational waves.
Some gravity produces waves.
Some gravity provides methods.
Some gravity pulls air.
Some gravity pulls dust.
Some gravity reaches earth.
Gravure printing is rare today.
Gravure printing is used extensively in the packaging industry.
Gravure printing produces consistent quality in long production runs.
Gravure is printing
Gravure personnalis e avec votre nom, votre signature, un monogramme ou votre logo de compagnie.
Gravure transfers an image from sunken areas cut into the surface of a cylinder.
A gravy train is an income
Gravy train is packaged near the base of the processing tower.
Gravies tend to lend themselves to leftovers and the ever appealing meatloaf sandwich.
Gravy becomes lumpy when flour particles become stuck together.
Gravy becomes lumpy when flour particles get stuck together.
Gravy is an occurrence
Gravy is located in dinner.
Gravy is sauces.
Gravy isa juice.
Gravy pours smoothly over rice, drenching it.
Gravy squirting and splashing and dripping is also conventional.
Gravy takes about fifteen minutes.
Gravy tends to separate and curdle when thawed.
Most gravy is made with meat fat.
All gray animals are intelligent.
A gray area is an area
Gray area is for JHH lab use.
Gray area is land, black area is unmapped.
Gray areas are acoustically transparent volcanic materials.
Gray areas are areas.
Gray areas are bathrooms, stairwells or our employee areas.
Gray areas are fine sand habitat.
Gray areas are landmasses.
Gray areas exist, but when in doubt, cite.
Gray areas exist.
Gray areas have either zero velocities or too weak signal to detect any velocities.
Gray areas indicate conservative amino acid substitutions.
Gray areas indicate no significant change in ice thickness.
Gray areas represent dark floors.
Gray areas represent information that is swapped from disk to physical memory and back.
Gray areas show broad deformation zones within and between plates.
Gray areas show the gaps in Magellan 's coverage.
Gray areas vary in transparency.
All gray areas are neither one nor the other.
Many gray areas remain.
Gray arrows represent the effect of the organism on the axis, which is generally unexplained.
Gray arrows show path on back of fabric, black ones path on front.
Gray arsenic is the most common.
Gray arsenic is the shiny metal allotrope of arsenic.
Gray background indicates an evening or weekend presentation.
Gray background indicates intensives.
Gray bar represents melting point and freezing point of wood frogs.
Gray bars indicate climate transitions based on shifts in accumulation rate.
Gray bars indicate climate transitions based on shifts in gray scale and light laminae thickness.
Gray bars represent the yearly sum of precipitation.
Gray bats are an example of the harm that can be done by interlopers.
Gray bats are restricted entirely to areas with caves or cave-like habitats.
Gray bats hibernate during the winter in special caves.
Gray bats inhabit the cave regions of northern Arkansas, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Alabama.
Gray bats require caves with deep vertical shafts which trap cold air.
Gray bats spend their daylight hours in caves.
Gray beards see beauty in seeds.
Gray birch is a birch tree
Gray birch is a pioneer species.
Gray birch is a useful tree for difficult sites or in naturalized areas.
Gray birch is birch.
Gray birch is found on a wide variety of sites.
Gray birch sprouts from the stump when cut or following fire.
Gray birds live primarily in northern forests, among gray-barked spruces, firs and other conifers.
Gray blocks indicate approximate pH range where the indicator is changing color.
Gray blotches appear on bark of stem or branches.
Gray box makes a slimy trail or turns off the trail if it's on.
Gray boxes indicate DNA regions that encode a protein product.
Gray boxes indicate hover animation and or audio yet to be loaded.
Gray boxes indicate males, white boxes indicate females.
Gray boxes indicate the risk elements where at least some information from surveys is needed.
Gray boxes represent occluded cells, while white boxes are unoccluded cells.
Gray boxes show unresolved nodes where conflicting trees are still prevalent in the literature.
Some gray boxes have drop-down menus, which provide a choice of answers.
Gray brocket deer inhabit grassland.
Gray brockets are active during the day, but generally only appears in the open during the night.
Gray building is constructed of the same stone as most of the surrounding buildings.
Gray buttons indicate incorrect answers .
Gray carpet covers the dining area while brown concrete surrounds the bar area.
Gray cells die, affecting functions controlled by the damaged area.
Gray cells indicate chromatic functions in either major or minor keys.
Gray cement works well for most colored applications.
Gray cement works well for most colored concrete.
Gray circles indicate the amplitude of the normal stimulus.
Gray cloth backstrip over pictorial boards.
Gray clouds gauze over the blue sky to the east, charcoaling in the area above the hills.
Gray clouds hide the dawn.
Gray clouds swarm overhead.
Some gray clouds compose of crystal.
Some gray clouds compose of ice crystal.
Gray code is a variation of binary that eliminates much of the problem.
Gray codes enable a coding that minimizes the effect of such an error.
Gray codes generate compositions by changing two coordinates of the vector by one up and one down.
Gray color hides dirt.
Gray color hides oil and grease spots - improves housekeeping.
Gray color indicates the end of function calls or interface methods.
Gray cortex predominates.
Gray days are all bad.
Gray days are better for spotting unless the whales are in close.
Gray days are terrible.
Gray dogwood is a native shrub that is a natural component of many woodland and prairie communities.
Gray dogwood is a woody perennial that forms thickets from rhizomes.
Gray dogwood is used in shrub borders and as a screen.
Gray dogwood is well adapted for revegetating disturbed sites.
Gray dots represent live vehicles.
Gray doves leave the branches and land on the street, on an iron slab that plinks with their steps.
Gray duns have black or very dark gray stripes and markings.
Gray enamel trim on galvanized back box.
Gray family is a well known pioneer of Bartlesville.
Gray feathers cover the back, and the center of the tail has black feathers that curl up at the end.
Gray foliage can also unify a garden.
A gray fox is a fox
Gray fox vixens usually give birth to three or four pups at a time.
Gray foxes appear to be especially vulnerable to canine distemper.
Gray foxes are excellent climbers, able to hook their paws over low branches and pull themselves up.
Gray foxes are less cunning than red foxes and are regarded as easier to trap.
Gray foxes are omnivorous, eating small mammals, insects, fruits, birds, eggs, and carrion.
Gray foxes are primarily nocturnal and hunt small mammals.
Gray foxes are primarily nocturnal, but like red foxes are seen during daylight hours on occasion.
Gray foxes are secretive and shy, but can fight fiercely when necessary.
Gray foxes can sometimes be nuisances.
Gray foxes have advantage.
Gray foxes have tails.
Gray foxes like to climb trees and are good at doing so.
Gray foxes live in dens.
Gray foxes make a permanent den in hollow trees, hole in sandy ground, or in a cavern in rocks.
Gray foxes make dens in hollow logs, hollow trees, under rock piles, or occasionally in the ground.
Gray foxes mate for life.
Gray foxes prefer bluffs, hills, woodlands and field edges for den sites.
Gray foxes prefer woodlands.
Gray foxes prowl the woods for small rodents at night.
Gray foxes resemble dogs.
Gray foxes resemble small dogs.
Gray foxes share habitats.
Gray foxes share similar habitats.
Gray foxes tend to be active from the late evening hours until dawn.
Gray foxes use dens all year long.
Gray foxes use woodpiles, rocky outcrops, hollow trees, brushpiles, or rockpiles for dens.
Gray foxs are foxs.
Gray foxs are mammals.
Most gray foxes have advantage.
Most gray foxes have tails.
Most gray foxes live in dens.
Most gray foxes prefer woodlands.
Most gray foxes resemble dogs.
Most gray foxes resemble small dogs.
Most gray foxes share similar habitats.
Some gray foxes have pads.
Some gray foxes have sides.
Some gray foxes have toe pads.
Gray fur forms a cape over the sides of the head and shoulders.
Some gray fur has spots.
Gray gibbons spend most of their day foraging in the main canopy of the forest.
Gray gibbons travel mostly in trees by swinging from branch to branch.
Gray goods are products that the manufacturer intends for use in a foreign market.
Gray hair adds character.
Gray hair becomes the anti-Christ and national security our common god.
Gray hair can by coarse and wiry, so both experts suggest conditioning and doing so often.
Gray hair has to do with a lack of nutrients.
Gray hair is a glorious crown won by a righteous life.
Gray hair is a sign of distinction.
Gray hair is a sign of growing old.
Gray hair is coarser and dryer than other types of hair.
Gray hair is formed when the signal to produce color slows or stops.
Gray hair is most preferable.
Gray hair is no problem.
Gray hair is something that is fairly dull.
Some gray hair is visible.
Gray hatchlings look awkward with tiny bodies and oversized tails.
Some gray herons become birds.
Gray houses wait on stilts for the next hurricane.
Gray ice indicates that there is thawing and refreezing.
Gray iron is one of the most easily cast of all metals in the foundry.
Gray iron is the most versatile of all foundry metals.
Gray irons have different machining characteristics than ductile irons and leaded steels.
Gray items are unavailable.
Gray jays are omnivorous.
Gray jays are widespread in boreal and subalpine habitats only lightly occupied by humans.
Some gray langurs have diets.
Gray lenses provide the best vision clarity and offer protection against sun and glare.
Gray lenses don t distort colors, such as traffic lights.
Gray letters indicate the sequence is behind the overlying black sequence.
Gray levels depict inbound traffic and black levels show outbound traffic.
Gray light indicates archiving is stopped.
Gray line indicates baseline.
Gray line is the shadow of the green curve.
Gray lines are silkscreen.
Gray lines connect homologous exons.
Gray lines indicate extensional fault scarps.
Gray lines show isotype controls.
Gray links are future galleries.
Gray links are presently unavailable.
Gray man is back.
A gray market is a market
Gray markets occur when genuinely branded merchandise flows through unauthorized channels.
Gray matter consists of nerve cell bodies, dendrites, and axons.
Gray matter consists primarily of nerve cells.
Gray matter contains the neurons while the white matter contains the myelinated nerves.
Gray matter contains the parts that have no insulating myelin.
Gray matter has cell bodies and dendrites involved with reflexes.
Gray matter has less protein.
Gray matter has more fluid than white matter, making it easy to distinguish between the two.
Gray matter is nerve tissue
Gray matter is where learning, memory, and reasoning take place.
Gray matter occupies the butterfly shaped, darker staining region in the center.
Gray mold can also infect senescing leaves and canes.
Gray mold can infect and blight lobelia.
Gray mold causes blossom blight under cool moist conditions.
Gray mold causes circular to oval, yellowish to reddish brown spots.
Gray mold develops on tomato under cool, wet conditions, especially when air circulation is poor.
Gray mold is a relatively firm decay, and fruit has a spongy but dry feel when squeezed.
Gray mold is an airborne fungus that attacks flowers and damaged or dying tissue.
Gray mold is common in South Carolina.
Gray mold is favored by cold temperatures and high humidity.
Gray mold is one of the most common and serious diseases wherever strawberries are grown.
Gray mold is sometimes a problem, especially in a wet, cool spring or summer.
Gray mold is the most common and consistent problem for our growers.
Gray mold is the most serious and widespread lily disease.
Gray name indicates slave, enemy team icons by name show who owns what.
Gray noise is always preferable to colored noise.
Gray numbers indicate documents, that are accessible only to subscribers.
Gray oak is codominant or present in Mexican pinyon habitat types.
All gray objects swim.
Gray opals have a base color of medium gray to a lighter gray.
Gray paper covers.
Gray parrots are known for their intelligence.
Gray parts are almost jadeite and white parts are pectolite.
A gray partridge is a partridge
Gray partridge seem adapted to survival Iowa's open winter landscapes.
Gray partridges have a dull gray or brown nape, and brown coloring on the back and wing areas.
Gray phases prevail in the south.
Gray pine is an apt, descriptive name, but little used.
Gray pines grow from the meager soil.
Gray pixels result in partial selections.
Gray plastic cladding on rear bumper seems somewhat cheap and brittle.
Some gray plumages change color.
Gray points represent visit locations, and the black point represents the depot.
Gray portion denotes peak hour service.
Gray rectangle is a piece of paper.
Gray rectangles are actual search queries.
Gray regions depict land areas of New Guinea and northern Australia.
Gray rows represent home games.
Some gray sandstones contain limestone.
Some gray sandstones contain thin limestone.
Gray scale is achieved by binary pulsewidth modulation of the incident light.
Gray scale is good for black and white photo scanning.
Gray scale is more accurate.
Gray scale shading identify the geographic origin.
Any gray scale is a partly transparent.
Gray seals are gregarious and polygynous.
Gray seals are less common but are present year-round, usually on the outer islands.
Gray shirts can only play in ward league.
Gray skies are just clouds passing over.
Gray skies can t cover the hopelessly tracked faces of Utah s legendary ski areas.
Gray snappers are known for being cunning and avoiding a baited hook or spear fisherman.
Gray speck is gray brown or dead spots on the leaf.
Gray spheres are carbon atoms, yellow spheres are hydrogens and the red sphere is oxygen.
Gray squares represent quintics that factor into lower degree polynomials.
Gray squirrels are a pale gray on their underparts.
Gray squirrels are a popularly hunted small game species in many parts of the United States.
Gray squirrels are abundant.
Gray squirrels are common in all wooded habitats.
Gray squirrels are diurnal animals.
Gray squirrels are diurnal, meaning they are most active during daylight.
Gray squirrels are early risers and leave their nests with the first light of day.
Gray squirrels are excellent climbers and can leap considerable distances using powerful hindlimbs.
Gray squirrels are highly excitable and can cause severe damage if trapped inside a building.
Gray squirrels are more abundant where a high percentage of land is forested.
Gray squirrels are more agile in trees than fox squirrels.
Gray squirrels are more common in urban areas and in habitats heavily altered by human activities.
Gray squirrels are opportunistic feeders whose diet varies with season, locality and availability.
Gray squirrels are plentiful just about wherever there are trees.
Gray squirrels are scatter hoarders.
Gray squirrels are somewhat sociable and can tolerate other squirrels nearby.
Gray squirrels begin breeding at about one year old.
Gray squirrels breed in late winter or early spring.
Gray squirrels bury nuts during the fall to eat in the spring and winter.
Gray squirrels can mate twice a year of food is very abundant.
Gray squirrels come in many colors.
Gray squirrels continue raiding the feeder.
Gray squirrels eat a wide variety of seasonal plant foods.
Gray squirrels feed on nuts.
Gray squirrels feed on tree nuts.
Gray squirrels have fur.
Gray squirrels have gray fur.
Gray squirrels have ranges.
Gray squirrels have two litters a year.
Gray squirrels like to hide acorns and nuts for later use.
Gray squirrels live along intersecting drainages.
Gray squirrels occur in areas.
Gray squirrels occur only in hardwood bottoms.
Gray squirrels prefer areas.
Gray squirrels prefer dense, mixed canopy.
Gray squirrels require diets.
Gray squirrels search for acorns around the tanoak trees.
Gray squirrels strip bark because they like to eat the soft sap part of a tree.
Gray squirrels swim across lakes.
Gray squirrels tend to be more dependent on tree cavities for nursery dens than fox squirrels.
Gray squirrels thrive in different habitats.
Gray squirrels thrive in habitats.
Gray squirrels thrive in many different habitats.
Gray squirrels to adapt to habitats.
Gray squirrels use leaf and twig nests as well as dens in tree cavities.
Gray squirrels work on their leafy nests.
Most gray squirrels feed on nuts.
Most gray squirrels feed on tree nuts.
Most gray squirrels have fur.
Most gray squirrels have gray fur.
Most gray squirrels have ranges.
Most gray squirrels look silvery gray with brownish markings on their tails.
Most gray squirrels occur in areas.
Most gray squirrels prefer areas.
Most gray squirrels require diets.
Most gray squirrels swim across lakes.
Most gray squirrels thrive in different habitats.
Most gray squirrels thrive in habitats.
Most gray squirrels thrive in many different habitats.
Some gray squirrels eat flowers.
Some gray squirrels feed on buds.
Some gray squirrels feed on larvae.
Some gray squirrels have years.
Some gray squirrels stay in dens.
Some gray squirrels weigh grams.
Gray stampers collect the misery they find in life.
Gray stones are wild.
Gray strands come together Swelling in density followed by explosions of clarity.
Gray strips shine from our hair.
Gray text indicates system-level commands.
Gray tin is brittle and crumbles under stress.
Gray titles indicate pictures yet to be added.
Gray tones are in between.
Gray tones mute the narrow dining room, which seems restrained considering the high-energy staff.
Gray traces are the end members such as moisture, cellulose, starch and dust.
Gray triggerfish have incisors.
Gray triggerfish have large incisors.
Most gray triggerfish have incisors.
Most gray triggerfish have large incisors.
Gray tubes are intake, white are exhaust.
Gray type indicates future pages.
Gray walls trimmed in white, plush carpeting and chandeliers all say genteel propriety.
Gray water can be best system for watering garden, especially in drought, etc.
Gray water can rapidly become black water.
Gray water has few long-term effects on soil.
Gray water is captured and used for flushing and for watering plants.
Gray water is filterable and recyclable.
Gray water is the water that is produced during bathing and in the galley.
Gray water is waste water from the bath tub, shower, sink, dishwasher, or washing machines.
Gray water is water that can be used twice.
All gray water is recycled for plants.
All gray water is recycled.
Gray wedges connect matching gene pairs, with one set highlighted in red.
Gray weft is the result of carding together natural white and black wool.
A gray whale is a whale
Gray whale leaps up for a look around, an activity known as breaching.
Gray whales are a protected species.
Gray whales are among the most easily observed of west coast whales.
Gray whales are baleen whales, which are generally larger than toothed whales.
Gray whales are baleen whales.
Gray whales are baleen whales.
Gray whales are benthic feeders.
Gray whales are bottom feeders and eat mollusks and other marine invertebrates.
Gray whales are bottom feeders and ingest the garbage that settles to the bottom.
Gray whales are bottom feeders.
Gray whales are bottom-feeders, meaning they sift through sand to get their food.
Gray whales are hairy, and blue whales can turn their tongues inside out while eating.
Gray whales are mammals.
Gray whales are predominantly bottom feeders and forage along the ocean floor.
Gray whales are quite mellow in their southern calving grounds.
Gray whales are sensitive to noise and human disturbance.
Gray whales are so abundant here that a research camp has been established for their study.
Gray whales are specialized for feeding on bottom-dwelling mollusks .
Gray whales are still the most frequently sighted baleen whale.
Gray whales are the only bottom feeding baleen whales.
Gray whales are unique in that they prefer prey that live near or on the sea floor.
Gray whales are very agile swimmers .
Gray whales are very agile swimmers.
Gray whales carry whale lice and parasitic barnacles that look like crabs.
Gray whales do die of natural causes and are sometimes preyed upon by killer whales .
Gray whales eat invertebrates found on and in the ocean floor.
Gray whales eat primarily amphipod crustaceans.
Gray whales eat very little while on migration.
Gray whales face other threats, as well.
Gray whales feed along the ocean floor.
Gray whales feed differently from other whales.
Gray whales feed on both benthic and pelagic invertebrates.
Gray whales feed on bottom-dwelling creatures in the Bering Sea.
Gray whales feed on the bottom, filtering small benthos out of the sediments.
Gray whales feed primarily on the ocean's bottom, feeding on benthic creatures.
Gray whales filter their food through coarse baleen plates.
Gray whales grunt while rooting about on the sea floor.
Gray whales have a dorsal hump followed by a series of bumps.
Gray whales have a long and narrow shape and are a medium gray colour marbled with lighter patches.
Gray whales have a narrow head with a slight curve to the jawline.
Gray whales have barnacles.
Gray whales have lots of barnacles and lice on their skin .
Gray whales have lots of barnacles and lice on their skin.
Gray whales have one of the longest migrations of any mammal.
Gray whales have the longest migration of any mammal.
Gray whales have the longest migration route of any mammal.
Gray whales have their own taxonomic family, genus, and species.
Gray whales have years.
Gray whales inhabit near-shore coastal waters and therefore are vulnerable to human activity.
Gray whales inhabit the eastern North Pacific Ocean.
Gray whales live closer to land and humans than any other kind of whale.
Gray whales live in shallow waters feeding primarily on bottom-living organisms such as amphipods .
Gray whales make the longest cetacean migration.
Gray whales make the longest migration of all whales, or cetaceans, in the world.
Gray whales make the longest seasonal migration of any of the whales.
Gray whales mate one year and give birth the next.
Gray whales migrate back to their Bering Sea feeding grounds.
Gray whales migrate past Southern California during the winter.
Gray whales migrate through the off-shore waters.
Gray whales migrate to breeding areas in Mexico.
Gray whales obtain most of their food during the summer months in the Arctic.
Gray whales pass by twice each year on their migratory cycle.
Gray whales possess a distinctive mottled coloration.
Gray whales range as far north as the Arctic Ocean above Alaska.
Gray whales reach sexual maturity at eight or nine years.
Gray whales require some minimum prey biomass density for efficient foraging.
Gray whales scoop up big mouthfuls of sand and sift it through their baleen teeth.
Gray whales spend the summer feeding in the rich waters of the Bering Sea, near Alaska.
Gray whales stir up bottom sediments and feed on benthic crustaceans.
Gray whales tend to calve every other year.
Gray whales undertake the longest annual migration of any mammal.
Gray whales use suction to draw food into their mouths.
Gray whales use the lagoon annually to give birth to their young.
Gray whales visit the area during their migrations, some are summer long residents.
Most gray whales have barnacles.
Most gray whales have years.
Some gray whales arrive in local waters early while others leave late.
Some gray whales have grooves.
Some gray whales have throat grooves.
Some gray whales start feeding when they reach the waters along Vancouver Island, British Columbia.
Some gray whales start feeding when they reach the waters along Vancouver Island.
Some gray wings have bars.
A gray wolf is a wolf
Gray wolf making impressive comeback in state, expert says.
Gray wolfs are mammals.
Gray wolves appear quite similar to large German shepherd dogs.
Gray wolves are abundant and wolverines are relatively common.
Gray wolves are also abundant.
Gray wolves are carnivores.
Gray wolves are common, however, in Alaska and parts of Canada.
Gray wolves are endangered meat-eaters from the North America.
Gray wolves are many different colors.
Gray wolves are one of the most wide ranging land animals.
Gray wolves are powerful animals designed for chasing large prey.
Gray wolves are social animals.
Gray wolves are such beautiful creatures and are so misunderstood.
Gray wolves are the largest members of the canine family.
Gray wolves are the largest wild dog species in the world.
Gray wolves are top-level predators that have few competitors on the landscape they inhabit.
Gray wolves are very social, pack-living animals.
Gray wolves can be a grayish black, grayish white,or a grayish brown color.
Gray wolves can be gray, white, black or silvery.
Gray wolves can range in color from white to black.
Gray wolves come in different sizes.
Gray wolves communicate to each other through howling, body language and scent.
Gray wolves communicate with each other easily.
Gray wolves communicate with each other with growls, howls, barks and scent marking.
Gray wolves compete for prey.
Gray wolves do, however, follow moose and caribous' elevational movements within pack territories.
Gray wolves eat animals.
Gray wolves eat different animals.
Gray wolves eat large prey.
Gray wolves eat mammals.
Gray wolves eat many different animals.
Gray wolves eat prairie dogs.
Gray wolves eat prey.
Gray wolves eat rabbits.
Gray wolves have a shared ancestry with domestic dogs, coyotes, and wild dogs such as dingoes.
Gray wolves have large paws.
Gray wolves have paws.
Gray wolves hunt prey.
Gray wolves live in a lot of different places around the world.
Gray wolves live in forests, mountains and arctic tundra .
Gray wolves live together in a family group called a pack.
Gray wolves make their homes in heavy timber forests near water.
Gray wolves occupy many types of habitats including forests, plains, and mountains.
Gray wolves range in color from grizzled gray or black to all-white.
Gray wolves reach maturity.
Gray wolves reach sexual maturity.
Gray wolves roam through the wilderness hunting animals such as reindeer, elk, and hares.
Gray wolves show DNA patterns that are different from domestic dogs and coyotes and wolf-hybrids.
Gray wolves stay mostly in the forests and woodlands of North America, Europe, and Asia.
Most gray wolves compete for prey.
Most gray wolves eat animals.
Most gray wolves eat different animals.
Most gray wolves eat large prey.
Most gray wolves eat mammals.
Most gray wolves eat many different animals.
Most gray wolves eat prey.
Most gray wolves eat rabbits.
Most gray wolves have large paws.
Most gray wolves have paws.
Most gray wolves reach maturity.
Most gray wolves reach sexual maturity.
Some gray wolves have pressure.
Some gray wolves have senses.
Some gray wolves kill goats.
Some gray wolves kill mountain goats.
Some gray wolves play roles.
Some gray wolves play vital roles.
Gray is clothing.
Gray is color
Gray is organizations.
Grays also are slow-pokes.
Grays are also common.
Grays are curious and often playful in their movements.
Grays are probably the wariest of Pennsylvania's squirrels.
Grays are sensitive to aquatic pollution.
Grays are the most commonly reported race of aliens.
Grays are very adaptive to their surroundings, be they tree-lined streets, farm land, or parks.
Grays breed and calve along the Pacific shores, humpbacks and blues in the Sea of Cortez.
Grays breed and calve in the lagoons along the Pacific.
Grays build the first safety net behind the catcher to protect the fans.
Grays can go through many changes with maturity, often dappling and turning white over time.
Grays grow to a large size.
Grays have equal amounts of all three colors.
Grays have good vision also though their habitat is extremely murky.
Grays is a nice place.
Grays live in nests and dens.
Grays ordinarily look darker on light backgrounds.
Grays oxidize to rusty browns.
Grays seem retractive.
Grays smell out nuts which they bury for winter food.
Grays start with a medium gray to black undercoat.
Grays tend to print muddy.
Grays typically travel alone or in pairs.
Grays often hole up for three or four days at a time during severe weather.
All grays have zero saturation.
Some grays look good, others are very ugly.
Grayed box means that it is disabled in the selected device.
Grayed cells affect our expeditions.
Grayed checks indicate path only.
Grayed trees exalt their branches, released from burdening green.
Graze animals damage habitats.
Graze animals destroy desert plants.
Graze animals destroy many desert plants.
Graze animals destroy plants.
Graze animals eat grass.
Graze animals feed on aquatic plants.
Graze animals feed on plants.
Graze animals have opportunity.
Graze animals lift heads.
Graze mammals include bison.
Graze pressure reduces capacity.
Most graze pressure reduces capacity.
Graze ungulates have mandibles.
Graze cows in risk pastures early or until a problem is observed and then move to clear pastures.
Graze stubbles heavily to reduce fungus carryover.
Graze wheatgrasses heavily for a short time in the late fall or early spring of each year.
Grazes are abrasion.
Grazes are eating.
Grazed herds tend to be short on calcium in the spring when they are on lush cereals.
Grazed land is often too dry, too cold, or otherwise unsuitable for crop production.
Grazed woodland shows results of soil compaction, loss off topsoil, and no understory.
Grazer identity changes the spatial distribution of cascading trophic effects in stream pools.
A grazier is a rancher
Graziers are ranchers.
Graziers can continue to run cattle and do all things incidental to running a cattle station.
Graziers can maximize profits with properly developed rotational grazing systems.
Graziers can then select rams that are worm resistant for use in their breeding programs.
Many graziers find it easier to manage orchardgrass alone or with a legume.
Many graziers report improved health when cows are on pasture most of the year.
Many graziers use nipple or barrel feeders to make feeding large groups of young calves easier.
Grazing permits represent a substantial percentage of the tribe's annual revenue.
Grazing systems are important plant management tools in livestock systems.
Grazing systems can provide adequate forage for livestock while maintaining environmental quality.
Grazing systems have limited scope for expansion.
Every grazing system has advantages and disadvantages.
A grazing is touch
Grazing affects both the plants and the soil in pastures.
Grazing also contributes.
Grazing also influences vegetation characteristics and soil permeability through compaction.
Grazing also reduces the fire hazard in cane stands.
Grazing also requires less equipment than conventional harvesting of hay.
Grazing can affect ecosystem function and fungal community structure.
Grazing can also alter the allocation of energy to the belowground foodweb.
Grazing can be a source of excessive sediment, nutrients, and pathogens.
Grazing can be as simple as turning a few calves out into a fenced pasture.
Grazing can be beneficial to mountain plovers by maintaining needed short-grass habitat.
Grazing can be effective.
Grazing can be very beneficial to mountain plovers by maintaining needed short-grass habitat.
Grazing can clearly be important in acidified streams.
Grazing can have a negative impact on ring-necked pheasants.
Grazing can have direct and indirect effects on grass and woody plant ratios.
Grazing can help certain native species to survive.
Grazing can improve prairie.
Grazing can limit periphyton populations.
Grazing can remove the reproductive apical meristem and halt seedhead production.
Grazing can serve as a precision-like tool for managing fuel loads.
Grazing can still be a problem.
Grazing can take the form of mini-meals.
Grazing compacts the soil in some areas and accelerates erosion.
Grazing continues only on private landholdings.
Grazing continues to improve.
Grazing especially is blamed.
Grazing has social dimensions as well as economical.
Grazing has the same effect as mowing.
Grazing improves cow health.
Grazing increases the risk of infectious disease.
Grazing is a full-time job for horses.
Grazing is a general impact throughout much of the region.
Grazing is a major contributor to nonpoint source pollution on the reservation.
Grazing is a means of renewing and regenerating natural resources.
Grazing is a mostly dispersed activity, with some areas of concentration.
Grazing is a natural phenomenon.
Grazing is a popular topic for educational events.
Grazing is a social behaviour like sheltering and camping.
Grazing is a social issue too.
Grazing is a technique used to create shadows and highlights.
Grazing is affected by temperature.
Grazing is also a management objective, however, stocking levels are relatively light.
Grazing is also of great importance in the economy.
Grazing is an acceptable use of the floodplain.
Grazing is an economical and environmental benefit to farmers and can help to reduce farming costs.
Grazing is an effective regrowth control after spraying.
Grazing is an important historic use, beginning with land grants during the Mexican period.
Grazing is another matter though.
Grazing is available as is parking for horseboxes.
Grazing is based on perennial grasses, ephemeral annual grasses, shrubs and 'top feed'.
Grazing is cited as damaging to soils, water quality, plants, and wildlife.
Grazing is common in woodlots in both Minnesota and Wisconsin.
Grazing is composed of intensity, frequency, kind and class of animal, and season of use.
Grazing is effective in reducing yellow starthistle seed production.
Grazing is emphasized to reduce use of grain and harvested forage.
Grazing is equally important in maintaining a prairie ecosystem.
Grazing is equally important to plants and wildlife, producing many of the same results as fire.
Grazing is essential to the preservation of the prairie ecosystem.
Grazing is free of weather constraints during the usual season.
Grazing is helpful to most plants of the plains, especially grasses.
Grazing is historically an annual occurrence, while timber harvest is periodic.
Grazing is limited by the sharp spines.
Grazing is more attended to than agriculture.
Grazing is more than grass.
Grazing is most common where there is adjacent dense cover.
Grazing is most severe in drought years.
Grazing is no exception, management is the key.
Grazing is often one of the tools used by range managers and scientists in restoration efforts.
Grazing is often the main factor and wild rabbits have often been recognized as the main culprits.
Grazing is possible in the early stages of growth.
Grazing is restricted and adjusted as required to maintain the condition of the cows.
Grazing is restricted near the stream by high flows.
Grazing is seasonal, especially in the north with supplemental feed in winter.
Grazing is so important to Australian stations, ranchers are known as grazier s.
Grazing is still available.
Grazing is sufficient in both large scale and smallholder farming sectors.
Grazing is the cheapest feed source around.
Grazing is the commonest land use since the sward has a high relative grazing value.
Grazing is the main pastime since grass and other plants are high and winter is approaching.
Grazing is the predominant feed source.
Grazing is the process whereby herbivores remove vegetation.
Grazing is the way to go.
Grazing is under way in oat and wheat fields.
Grazing is very good.
Grazing is vital to the wildlife of the reserve.
Grazing kicks our metabolic rates into high gear all day long.
Grazing leads to poor food habits.
Grazing loosens the soil, causing siltation in the water ponds.
Grazing occurs at nearly half of all sites and is limiting habitat recovery rangewide.
Grazing occurs in long bouts of two or three hours interrupted by resting bouts.
Grazing occurs on much of that acreage.
Grazing offers hope of reducing grasshoppers.
Grazing reduces excess growth of the grain plants.
Grazing reduces the threat of communicable diseases.
Grazing remains limited, but cattle are being placed on wheat fields as they are available.
Grazing removes ground cover and herbaceous and shrubby food producers.
Grazing requires care.
Grazing requires less amounts per year.
Grazing takes place during several periods each day and is conducted in loose groups.
Grazings are foragings.
Grazings are touch.
Grazing often removes the understorey shrubs and grasses, making remnants less suitable for birds.
Grease ice reflects little light, giving the surface a matt appearance.
Grease trap is located in rear parking lot.
Grease traps are necessary.
Grease accumulates in sewers, causing blockage.
Grease also tends to clog drains further down the line.
Grease build up is a fall hazard.
Grease caltrops with it so they'll be sure to slide into enemy feet quickly and easily.
Grease can thicken and clog the pipes.
Grease covers the utensils, but there is no detergent or disinfectant for cleaning.
Grease dominates, but with pleasant touches of originality.
Grease dutch oven or heavy pan.
Grease ends well.
Grease fittings - all moving parts have grease fittings for a long and dependable life span.
Grease fittings at the wheel bearings are still accessible when the device is in place.
Grease fittings on all lubrication points simplify maintenance and extend machine life.
Grease fittings on all pivots.
Grease fittings on half the joints, the others have bronze, oil impregnated bushings.
Grease fittings on main pin and hydraulic cylinder.
Grease floats to the surface and is skimmed off.
Grease floats to the surface, where it can be removed by skimming.
Grease flows throughout the bearing and seal assembly and back into the drive tube.
Grease goes to the landfill.
Grease hangs heavy in the air, along with sluggish flies.
Grease hardens in the septic tank and accumulates until it clogs the inlet or outlet.
Grease has (part) atoms.
Grease has (part) chemical chain.
Grease has (part) chemical groups.
Grease has a lot of dancing.
Grease holds in heat, which can make the injury worse.
Grease is a major problem for restaurants, sewer plants and food processor plants.
Grease is a movie that is more geared towards girls.
Grease is a multi-service lubricant for extended service under extreme conditions.
Grease is a musical about a group of high school seniors.
Grease is a preventive maintenance planning system for large industrial plants.
Grease is a special problem that can be difficult to clean.
Grease is a thick lubricant.
Grease is an absolute, but it's no substitute for a flat base.
Grease is an important ingredient to the flavor of the sauce.
Grease is back by an overwhelming popular demand.
Grease is basically oil with a thickener or soap.
Grease is exactly that kind of show.
Grease is expensive to buy and apply, and costlier still to collect and dispose of.
Grease is fat.
Grease is gross.
Grease is located in garages.
Grease is measured and dispensed to each bearing.
Grease is mostly fat, which is mostly triacylglycerides.
Grease is musicals.
Grease is oil
Grease is oil.
Grease is one of the hardest things to get out.
Grease is part of the popular culture.
Grease is skimmed from the top of the water and collected in a trap.
Grease is solid fuel.
Grease is still on hold due to legal issues.
Grease is the most common barrier to paint.
Grease is the only cure for a hangover.
Grease is the time, is the place, is the motion.
Grease is the word here, but in the hands of the wrong deep fryer, it can become a disaster.
Grease is the word.
Grease is the worst.
Grease is used to create a seal between the upside-down coverslip with the drop and the well.
Grease is what they love.
Grease isa oil.
Grease makes food seven times harder to digest.
Grease needs to come to back . . .
Grease oozes out along the shaft.
Grease oozes out from the relief plug hole.
Grease plug for easy preventative maintenance.
Grease posts regularly or use inverted cones.
Grease rises to the top and is removed.
Grease sheets on one side and keep aside.
Grease shells with butter.
Grease shows the comedic side of public education, from duping teachers to high school dances.
Grease skimming involves higher viscosity hydrocarbons.
Grease solidifies in cold water and can be ground up and washed away.
Grease splines on the propeller shaft with appropriate marine grease.
Grease tops again.
Grease tops and let rise again on greased cookie sheet.
Grease traps to catch the fat from duck breasts and foie gras.
Greases are lubricants that are thick, viscous liquids.
Greases are sometimes more convenient to use than liquid oil lubricants.
Greases keep hair from drying out and are best applied in small amounts.
Greases possess many of the same qualities that are common to liquid lubricants.
Grease often turns reddish-brown due to the formation of a red iron oxide as a result of fretting.
Many greases are mixtures of mineral oil and soap.
More grease is better.
Some grease has acid.
Some grease here is helpful.
Greaseable ball bearings.
Greased joints can also dry out with time, resulting in increased thermal resistance.
A greasepaint is makeup
Greasepaint comes in sticks, tubes, pencils, crayons, or cakes.
Greasepaint is much more than just acting.
A greaser is an inhabitant
All greasers are hoodlums.
Greasy balls are no excuse.
Greasy cheeseburgers contribute to obesity and lack of energy.
Greasy cosmetics are lipstick, rouge, liquid makeup and mascara.
Greasy dust cakes the walls.
Greasy foods are a great reliever of stomach pain.
Some greasy food leads to diarrhea.
Greasy hair goes for a dime.
Greasy hair means greasy skin.
Greasy ink is rolled on with a roller.
Greasy lenses become clear with one wipe.
Greasy lubricants can damage condoms and can be aesthetically unpleasant.
Greasy luster looks like the mineral is covered with grease, the mineral definitely shines.
Greasy lusters are due to the light interacting with a surface film on the mineral.
Greasy matter is kept in solution and prevented from redepositing further down the line.
A greasy spoon is a restaurant
Greasy spoon funky, and the real deal.
Greasy spot can cause serious leaf loss.
Greasy spot is fungal disease that normally is found on citrus trees.
Greasy spot starts with small patches that coalesce and form a large, irregular patch of dead grass.
Any greasy substance can deflect the beam or reduce it's effectiveness.
Greasy tissues seem pretty superfluous, except on the fifth day of a nasty cold.
Greasy venison lays cold on a tin plate.
Great academics listen well and think clearly.
Some great accessories finish up the room and make it a truly warm and inviting place to be.
Great accompaniment is yogurt or vinaigrette salad.
Great accomplishments are most likely to occur in collaborative environments.
Great accomplishments come from people who believe in their own abilities.
Great accomplishments come from stringing one effort on top of another.
Great accomplishments occur when new ideas are explored to increase learning.
Great accomplishments require great effort.
Every great accomplishment is the story of a flaming heart.
Most great accomplishments require consistent efforts over a long period of time.
Great accuracy is achieved in scales with a balance beam or weights.
Great accusations are more rewarded than truth.
Great achievement requires great effort, and great effort requires almost boundless energy.
Great achievements are never solo acts.
Great achievements demand a healthy balance between firm resolve and open-minded flexibility.
Great achievements demand great efforts, and nothing worth having comes easy.
Great achievements involve perseverance over time.
Great achievements start out as little tasks.
All great achievement takes time.
All great achievements require time.
Every great achievement begins with a dream.
Every great achievement is built through thought, action and the passion of being alive.
Great achievers are demigod-like, with genetically altered bodies.
Great achievers take massive action.
Great acidity gives it a mouthwatering finish.
Great acoustics magnify the sound.
Great action sequences, suspense, sharp dialogue, and a lot of humor.
Great action shots that really show their power.
Great action shots to just plain funny ones.
Great actors are born with more highly developed imaginations.
Great actors are great reactors.
Great actors are nothing without strong roles.
Great actors embrace failure.
Great actors play interesting characters who are lost in a muddled mystery.
Some great actors are terrible directors, and some terrible actors are great directors.
Great ads do variety of things.
Great additions are a lead guitar and a keyboard.
Great advantage is gained by rolling early in the spring while the ground is yet soft.
Great advantage is the ability to up-grade to faster speeds as they become available.
Great adventure befalls one man.
Great adventures await.
Great adventures call for great food.
All great adventures begin with exploration.
Every great adventure begins with a dream.
Every great adventure begins with one true passion.
Every great adventure requires letting go of something, and making a 'leap of faith'.
Great advertisements merge factual information with emotional appeal.
Great advertising can build a career.
Great advertising depends initially on a great creative idea.
Great advertising evolves from trial and error, tinkering and tweaking.
Great advertising is directed at one person.
Great advertising is nothing more than great salespersonship in print or on film.
Great advertising is the result of a carefully developed creative strategy.
Great advertising uses creativity to meet the needs of the client.
Great advertising works, but it has to start somewhere.
Great age adds historical interest and often indicates rarity.
Great agendas are in place for both weekends.
Great air add ons are available.
Great air shows.
Great ambition is the passion of a great character.
Great ambition makes great men.
Great amusement rides for the whole family.
Great angers frighten girls.
Great animation is no substitute for a poorly written and predictable script.
A great ape is an ape
Great apes are able to solve complex problems readily.
Great apes are animals.
Great apes are mammals.
Great apes are primates.
Great apes are very important for other reasons, too.
Great apes become dwellers.
Great apes become forest dwellers.
Great apes carry the bodies of their dead infants and learn to sign to humans.
Great apes come next on the evolutionary tree.
Great apes consume animal food.
Great apes consume food.
Great apes do it too.
Great apes have arms.
Great apes have characteristics.
Great apes have long arms.
Great apes inhabit areas where their study and conservation is an enormous challenge.
Great apes show slight Sylvian enlargements of the left auditory cortex.
Great apes suffer from habitat destruction and hunting for the bush meat trade.
All great apes build nests that serve as resting or sleeping platforms.
All great apes exhibit a capacity for complex learning.
All great apes exhibit hindgut modification.
All great apes have slow life histories, and the orangutan is no exception.
All great apes satisfy the continuity criterion.
Most great apes become dwellers.
Most great apes become forest dwellers.
Most great apes consume animal food.
Most great apes consume food.
Most great apes have arms.
Most great apes have characteristics.
Most great apes have long arms.
Every great application start with proper planning and design, and in doing so, save time and money.
Great appreciation goes to . . .
Great appreciation is extended to many individuals for their work in computing artistry and design.
Great appreciation is extended to the many speakers who donated their time and enthusiasm.
Great architects can often produce mediocre buildings.
Great architecture celebrates mankind.
Great architecture is a self-aware process.
Great architecture is a striking feature of the city.
Great art can appear when art is centered on true love, life and lineage.
Great art can be parodistic and honorably so.
Great art can have power and is therefore a forceful tool of communication.
Great art connects humanity over the centuries.
Great art covers.
Great art deserves a great home, and a great community deserves a great art museum.
Great art has a message for every human witness.
Great art is a form of unconditional love.
Great art is always decorative.
Great art is an instant arrested in eternity.
Great art is as irrational as great music.
Great art is born of feeling.
Great art is great art.
Great art is more than a transient refreshment.
Great art is often the product of a passionate interchange between patron and artist.
Great art is the arrangement of the environment so as to provide for the soul vivid values.
Great art keeps accruing meaning that is often unspoken.
Great art lasts.
Great art outlasts cultural fads and curricular fashions.
Great art picks up where nature ends.
Great art remains great art, but great science is replaced by greater science.
Great art remains great, no matter what comes after it.
Great art requires both innate talent and the right tools.
Great art requires great love from the artist.
Great art requires great, er, inspiration.
Great art requires intense commitment and significant struggle.
Great art rises out of passionate interest.
Great art speaks to our own experience.
Great art starts with the framework Never mind the pictures - admire the frames.
Great art tells a valued human story.
Great art touches the soul in unique and uncommon ways.
Great art uses descriptive and prescriptive means to depict morality.
Great art works at great prices.
All great art is prophetic.
Much great art is subversive, anti-establishment.
Great artists are meticulous rather than perfectionist.
Great artists are more sensitive than cynical or angst-ridden.
Great artists are never satisfied with what happened the last time or last year.
Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art.
Great artists are self-confident rather than egotistical.
Great artists can do great artworks with limited tools.
Great artists express joys.
Great artists express the highest objective reality of their time in masterly fashion.
Great artists get their inspiration from life, and often from the beautiful things they see.
Great artists know why they do what they do.
Great artists learn by copying the masters.
Great artists make a lifetime committment to expressing their experience.
Great artists make great art.
Great artists seem to portray motives in their paintings in ways that communicate to viewers.
Great artists steal.
Great artists suffer for the people.
Great artists transcend surface appearances.
Great artists treasure their time with a bitter and snarling miserliness.
All great artists are like that.
All great artists steal from each other.
Many great artists do their best work in their sketches.
Most great artists express joys.
Some great artists seem to make their pictures beautiful by turning ugliness to their advantage.
Great artistry comes from practice.
Great artistry is more than just a pleasure to witness-it's a distinct privilege.
Great artwork adds to the game as a true spiders web of paths slowly emerges.
Some great aspects are the new amounts of space and the loads of bright cabinets in each classroom.
All great associations have great members.
Great athletes are fascinating.
Great athletes are geniuses of the kinesthetic.
Great athletes are great stress-managers.
Great athletes are under great stress, but they're far from torpid or depressed or stiff.
Great athletes can never retire.
Great athletes can sometimes form a winning team even when rancor abounds.
Great athletes do commercials and appear in all manner of advertisement.
Great athletes have an aura about how they walk and go about their business.
Great athletes know that proper nutrition is essential.
Great athletes make up their minds to be the fittest folks on the planet, whenever they're awake.
Great athletes muster the courage to push their bodies to the limit, over and over again.
Great athletes prepare for success by simulating the actual event.
Great athletes step it up at tournament time.
Great athletes thrive on new challenges.
All great athletes know that warming up and cooling down are vitally important.
Every great athlete has to overcome some hurdles in their lives to get to the top of their sport.
Many great athletes forget, or never understand, their obligation to the public.
Many great athletes prepare for competition through visualization.
Most great athletes play more than one sport in high school.
Great atmosphere attracts a variety of clients.
Great attention getters as toys or gifts.
Great attention is given to detail and to the way colour is used.
Great attention is given to diamond setting.
Great attention is given to food preparation for the health and safety of all.
Great attention is given to individual nutritional needs and management.
Great attention is given to landscaping, gas and water pollution control.
Great attention is given to the connectivity between the sciences.
Great attention is given to the spectral models.
Great attention is paid to accurately reproducing the original colors and textures of the shells.
Great attention is paid to attentive personalised customer service.
Great attention is paid to catering, food preparation and presentation.
Great attention is paid to ceremony.
Great attention is paid to describe what attractions make each park special.
Great attention is paid to detail.
Great attention is paid to details.
Great attention is paid to ensuring parity of workload for all exchange students.
Great attention is paid to every order.
Great attention is paid to foreign investments and the opportunities for their realization.
Great attention is paid to living condition of the students.
Great attention is paid to make the site safe, secure and presentable.
Great attention is paid to multiplication tables, spelling, handwriting, grammar and composition.
Great attention is paid to organization and conduct of students' scientific conferences.
Great attention is paid to process management and control.
Great attention is paid to rearing choice breeds both of cattle and sheep.
Great attention is paid to students' learning needs and what they want to study on their course.
Great attention is paid to the cuisine, wich offers both Italian and international dishes.
Great attention is paid to the handpainted faux beadwork which is unique to the designs of the era.
Great attention is paid to the hand-painted faux beadwork which is unique to the designs of the era.
Great attention is placed on brick and stone throughout Spain.
Great attention is spent on detail.
Great attention is to be paid to regularity and choice of diet.
Great attention is to be paid to the implementation of our own foreign political initiatives.
Great attention needs to be paid to aerodynamic stability in suspension bridges.
Great authors write compelling pieces about the heart, about the human condition.
Most great authors are also great readers.
Great auto create feature for counting new pages simply by calling script.
Great awakening comes now.
Great awards are available to the top placers.
Great background sounds for cooking shows.
Great background sounds, good retro-graphics, and swift gameplay.
Great backgrounds make the battlefield come to life.
Great ball skills, speed.
Great ballplayers do.
Great bands have great managers who help make the tour a success.
Great bands offer a great time for all.
Great bands steal the copywrite.
All great bands have great histories.
Every great band needs a physical newsletter.
Most great bands have a great producer behind their music.
Some great bands play for thousands of people, others for only a handful of listeners.
Great bars have great bar staff.
Great barbecue takes time and no shortcuts are ever taken.
Great bargains are available worldwide.
Great barrier reef more like lesser barrier reef.
Great Basin cultures in competition.
Great Basin is home to one of the oldest bristle cone pine forests in the world.
Great Basin is Utah's most common rattler.
Great Basin loses some friends.
Great Basin whiptail.
Great basins are places.
Great bass sound.
Great bass sounds and killer leads.
Great bass sounds.
Great bassists are special people, a separate species.
Every great battle provides heroes.
Most great battles begin with a stirring speech.
Some great battles take places.
Great Bay comes around the resort and the boats sail under the bridge and enters the Ocean entrance.
Great Bay is in the seacoast region of New Hampshire.
Great Bay is one of six high priority areas in the state recognized as a resource protection site.
Great beach acros the road.
Great beauty is pathetic.
Great beauty lives in the blush requiring seduction to unfold.
Great beginners motorcycle.
Great beings come forth at the call of high desire.
Great benefits are forthcoming.
Great biography has the form of a work of art.
Great bird watching co-exists with great perils to wildlife.
Great blue herons adapt to habitats.
Great blue herons adapt to wetland habitats.
Great blue herons feed on insects.
Great blue herons have black color.
Great blue herons have color.
Great blue herons have fish techniques.
Great blue herons have neck vertebrae.
Great blue herons have techniques.
Great blue herons have vertebrae.
Great blues guitar, great vocals, killer tunes, and a rhythm section that simply smokes.
Great Blues have a special powder in their down feathers, which they shake off and onto fish.
Great blues like to nest in tree tops.
Great blues resource with a fantastic searchable database.
Great bluffs squeeze against the wide, gentle river.
Great boards review.
Great bodies come in many shapes and sizes.
Great bodies move slowly. .
Great books are like mountain tops.
Great books are nearly impossible to come across.
Great books are of outstanding literary quality.
Great books can support and parallel many aspects of the cultivated life.
Great books form and break idealogies, empires, bring revolution destroy notions, form new ones.
Great books make terrible secrets.
Every great book is an action, and every great action is a book.
Many great books contain heady discussions of sex.
Many great books have a depth and breadth that too many people seem to lack.
Some great books are written by pioneers.
Great bosses are there when times are tough.
Great bosses keep hiring and performance standards high.
Great bosses tell the truth.even when it hurts.
Great boys week out.
Great brains discuss ideas, average brains discuss events while poor brains discuss people.
Great brakes slow it in a hurry.
Great brands are a result of great products.
Great brands are built when innovation becomes a habit.
Great brands are cheerful and perk their consumers up.
Great brands continue to develop and redevelop.
Great brands give customer service the same importance as product development.
Great brands have fanatical followers who can insure the brand endures.
Great brands have great guarantees.
Great brands have great names.
Great brands help people tell their own stories by emotionally interacting with their lives.
Great brands stand for something.
All great brands possess a singularity of focus, a clarity of message.
Great bread makes a great sandwich.
Great breakfast starts with their own roast coffee.
Most great buildings begin as one man's dream.
Great businesses live and breathe excellent customer service.
Great businesses rely on quality products and top customer service.
Every great business starts with someone with an idea.
Great buys are duty-free import items such as liquor, jewelry, perfumes, and linens.
Great buys are luxury imports and jewelry.
Great buys are still available.
Great buys are to be had.
Great cafe stop on the way overlooking the water.
Great camera angles.
Some great camps are still available in the spring, but it s a risky game of hit and miss.
Great camping is right on the edge of the beach.
Great campsites are plentiful up on the knolls and benches above the creek.
Great candidates get many offers.
Great captions earmark great books.
Great car deals on volvos for sale.
Some great cars transport the homecoming court.
Great care has been take to create that century-old atmosphere in the Pub.
Great care has to be taken to ensure aseptic conditions.
Great care has to be taken to preserve initial effects by continued training.
Great care is advised while on the premises.
Great care is care.
Great care is charge
Great care is dedicated to the details of the fingernails and toenails.
Great care is devoted to all phases of processing.
Great care is devoted to inviting women to explore the various forms of violence in their lives.
Great care is exercised in the admission process.
Great care is exercised to ensure that all operations are accounted for in the estimates.
Great care is exercised to ensure that all operations are accounted for.
Great care is given to each and every detail.
Great care is given to each order.
Great care is given to education and instruction.
Great care is given to ensure each customer's complete satisfaction.
Great care is given to matching the cuisine with the respective wines, so it's worth the experience.
Great care is given to offer dishes which appeal to both the palate and eye of the diner.
Great care is given to placing players with colleagues of similar ability .
Great care is given to protecting the confidentiality of all the information forwarded.
Great care is given to the particulars and details that give character to the collection.
Great care is lavished on the food.
Great care is necessary in choosing plants suitable for the environment.
Great care is needed if the blisters involve the eye because permanent eye damage can result.
Great care is needed in choosing an anti-high blood pressure drug.
Great care is needed since fry are delicate at a young age.
Great care is needed to avoid too many steps of armour being lost in the bocage.
Great care is needed to clean stencils without damaging the delicate material.
Great care is needed to get good running through cross overs.
Great care is needed to insure that the ambience is correct.
Great care is needed to keep the nose wheel off the ground when landing, since it's easily damaged.
Great care is needed to set up the apparatus correctly.
Great care is needed when using any performance indicator to make comparisons between libraries.
Great care is needed with children on the summit, which has large drop offs.
Great care is needed with rope-work to avoid restrictive drag.
Great care is provided by producers to ensure long term survival of the maple sugar bush .
Great care is required in using detonating cord primers in arctic conditions.
Great care is required when handling large pieces of glassware with wet hands.
Great care is required when studying dispensational issues.
Great care is required when transferring the semen between tanks.
Great care is taken at every step of the process.
Great care is taken by a team of physicians to properly select patients for bariatric surgery.
Great care is taken during filming to maintain consistency throughout a reel of microfilm.
Great care is taken for the safety of the children.
Great care is taken in choosing quality fabrics for our range.
Great care is taken in harvesting the fruit from the bushes.
Great care is taken in making up the bunk groupings.
Great care is taken in packing and shipping.
Great care is taken in preparation and serving.
Great care is taken in preparation, and that brings excitement and pleasure.
Great care is taken in recruiting the best people.
Great care is taken in selecting and conserving the most precious asset the people.
Great care is taken in selecting host families, all of whom are voluntary hosts.
Great care is taken in the assignment of members of the team to specific tasks.
Great care is taken in the design and binding of each project.
Great care is taken in the detail of each piece.
Great care is taken in the editing process to ensure a fantastic and educational show.
Great care is taken in the fitting of guides into all types of heads.
Great care is taken in the placement of the ropes and the design of the knots.
Great care is taken in the review and selection of sources for inclusion.
Great care is taken in the review and selection of sources for interview.
Great care is taken in the selection and ageing of the woods.
Great care is taken in the selection and evaluation of raw materials to ensure optimum performance.
Great care is taken in the selection of the dogs.
Great care is taken in the selection of the materials used.
Great care is taken in their construction.
Great care is taken in transporting our turkeys to the processing plant.
Great care is taken into the social planning to protect environment, nature and cultural aspects.
Great care is taken over the quality of what is offered in our name.
Great care is taken that the cuttings are disease-free and of known origin.
Great care is taken to accurately document and research each piece's unique designs.
Great care is taken to accurately report all data obtained about a given event.
Great care is taken to achieve the highest standard of purity, quality and reliability of colour.
Great care is taken to assure a museum quality product ready for framing.
Great care is taken to assure complete satisfaction with all areas of construction.
Great care is taken to assure that all activities are conducted in a safe and positive environment.
Great care is taken to assure that each piece properly reflects craftsmanship and beauty.
Great care is taken to assure that the selection process IS random and fair.
Great care is taken to avoid allowing unclean things to enter the body.
Great care is taken to avoid any distortion during photography.
Great care is taken to avoid conflicts of interest.
Great care is taken to avoid injury to the great auricular nerve in the neck.
Great care is taken to be sure each student receives the best treatment possible.
Great care is taken to be sure nobody gets wet.
Great care is taken to choose only products which maximize the cat's health and well-being.
Great care is taken to conform exactly to the national Dutch sjoelbak regulations.
Great care is taken to cover elementary aspects of the language in great detail.
Great care is taken to create an atmosphere where children develop a love for learning.
Great care is taken to create books that inspire reflection and improve the quality of our lives.
Great care is taken to distribute the music evenly over both weekends.
Great care is taken to ensure a high standard of fairness for the sites listed in the directory.
Great care is taken to ensure accurate and complete transcriptions.
Great care is taken to ensure no detail is overlooked.
Great care is taken to ensure our customers are totally satisfied.
Great care is taken to ensure students are in the correct class for their needs.
Great care is taken to ensure that each piece is as old looking as possible.
Great care is taken to ensure that each product has the highest standard of quality available.
Great care is taken to ensure that every penny is spent wisely and after careful consideration.
Great care is taken to ensure that the contents have been securely packaged.
Great care is taken to ensure that the correct tools are used.
Great care is taken to ensure that the moisture content of the flooring is correct on delivery.
Great care is taken to ensure the experience is both personal and gentle for all involved.
Great care is taken to ensure the organ's safe arrival at the building.
Great care is taken to ensure the safety of food and accommodations.
Great care is taken to exclude the largest majority, the only one with deep roots.
Great care is taken to fit the personality of the puppy with each family.
Great care is taken to gently lead less forceful members into each stage of the project areas.
Great care is taken to get all panels square, all joints tight and corners sharp.
Great care is taken to give alleged violators of the Honor Code a full and impartial hearing.
Great care is taken to gloss over the details and fine print about the investment.
Great care is taken to guarantee the consistency of each jar of pure, quality honey.
Great care is taken to hand select our herbs and herbal products.
Great care is taken to insure accuracy in our catalog and on the Web pages.
Great care is taken to insure expeditious and swift service.
Great care is taken to insure that each course is a new learning experience.
Great care is taken to insure that the artists' designs are followed.
Great care is taken to insure that the films are made with a minimum of distortion.
Great care is taken to insure the proper static and dynamic balance of the crankshaft.
Great care is taken to keep dirt and dust out of the processing equipment.
Great care is taken to keep the basis simple.
Great care is taken to keep the cave in good shape.
Great care is taken to keep the deer herd well below the ranch's maximum carrying capacity.
Great care is taken to keep the links current.
Great care is taken to keep the rooms clean and disease free.
Great care is taken to maintain confidentiality of all information.
Great care is taken to make a good match between applicant and dog.
Great care is taken to make certain that our quality grows in before our roses go out.
Great care is taken to make it an exciting, enjoyable and worthwhile experience.
Great care is taken to make sure all pieces or built to withstand use and time.
Great care is taken to make sure that the forest can recover very quickly.
Great care is taken to make sure the host family and the special guest share common interests.
Great care is taken to make the side vegetables delicious.
Great care is taken to make the software user-friendly and highly interactive.
Great care is taken to match each rider with the perfect horse.
Great care is taken to match the normal ear as closely as possible.
Great care is taken to match the subject's hair and skin tone, and even the same make-up is used.
Great care is taken to match the subject's hair, skin tone, even using the same make-up.
Great care is taken to maximize stability ratio and exposure.
Great care is taken to never strike the blade.
Great care is taken to offer a true representation of the shape of the boat or ship.
Great care is taken to package items well for transit.
Great care is taken to preserve our anonymity.
Great care is taken to preserve the appearance of the donor.
Great care is taken to preserve the artists' original version.
Great care is taken to preserve the donor's appearance.
Great care is taken to preserve the natural environment.
Great care is taken to preserve the trees.
Great care is taken to provide a neat, clean, and finished appearance.
Great care is taken to provide campers with a positive experience.
Great care is taken to provide our customers the highest quality materials and service.
Great care is taken to provide the children with positive learning experiences.
Great care is taken to see that a donor's wishes are met.
Great care is taken to supply the correct quantity of textbooks for a specific course.
Great care is taken to test all developments in all different browsers.
Great care is taken to thin out the trees and keep the forest growing.
Great care is taken to update the dress, without compromising the integrity of the original garment.
Great care is taken to use a knife that has been properly sharpened.
Great care is taken to use the technical vocabulary as precisely as possible.
Great care is taken to zip-tie the lines out of harms way.
Great care is taken when considering a person for kidney donation.
Great care is taken when handling the captured birds.
Great care is taken when making changes to a file.
Great care is taken when necessary to discipline a child.
Great care is taken when placing the radio frequency needles, but sometimes complications occur.
Great care is taken when setting all video controls and audio levels.
Great care is taken while descending into the directory, and the operation is secure.
Great care is taken while recruiting.
Great care is taken with post-harvest handling to ensure good quality.
Great care is taken with that.
Great care is taken with the films, with each having no more than two screenings in one year.
Great care is taken, and the quality of the work is guaranteed.
Great care is therefore mandatory to select a suitable inversion method.
Great care is therefore necessary when gathering any kind of parasol mushroom to eat.
Great care is to be taken to avoid accidents.
Great care is used in designing the fuses and calculating their lengths.
Great care is used to make timely updates as confirmed bookings are received.
Great care is used to place the rice onto a tray.
Great care needs to be exercised especially around bony areas such as the ankle or knee.
Great care needs to be exercised here.
Great care needs to be exercised in interpreting the statistics.
Great care needs to be taken in the use of essential oils for any purpose.
Great care needs to be taken over pictures.
Great care seems to also have been taken with the special effects.
Great care seems to have been taken to make the illustrations accurate.
Great careers are nothing more than a compilation of great years.
All great careers come to an end.
Great cartoons add to the text.
Great cats are perfect for picking up women.
Some great cat photographs to enjoy.
Great causes attract great benefactors, and higher education is one of the greatest.
Great caution is advised.
Great caution is indicated.
Great caution is needed here.
Great caution is required when correlating or interpreting measurements by other methods.
Great caution is therefore essential when collecting any white-gilled fungi.
Great caution is used in treating the eyelids.
Great caution needs to be taken when using dry ice.
Great celebrations follow.
Great cemeteries marked by pyramids mark the burials of the kings and queens.
Great ceremony surrounds the event.
Great challenges exist re.
Great challenges lie ahead.
Great challenges make great people.
Great champions work year round.
Every great champion needs incredible driving skills.
Great change awaits.
Great change occurs in two ways.
Great change occurs somewhat quietly, almost imperceptibly, but always first in the minds of people.
Great change takes great leadership.
Great changes are at hand.
Great changes are certain.
All great change begins with one person.
Great character reflects the age and wear.
Great characters breathe life into plots.
Great characters don t happen by accident.
Great chart downloads and home pregnancy test comparisons.
Great charts help pinpoint symptoms, causes and solutions.
Great chef salads.
Great chefs can have humble beginnings.
Great chefs know how different meats, vegetables, sauces, and spices blend.
Great chefs list the ingredients they know, then throw darts.
Great chefs use herbs and spices to create culinary delights.
All great chefs have staff supporting their efforts.
Any great chef creates some nasty-tasting experiments on the way to a new recipe.
Every great chef needs a great partner.
Great chemistry exists between the large ensemble cast.
Great chocolate is about flavors.
Some great choices are geraniums, lavender, sweet alyssum, and ivy.
Great churches are that way because they follow great leaders.
A great circle is a line
Great circle represents the shortest path between points lying on it.
Great circles appear as straight lines on the chart.
Great circles are circles drawn on a sphere with the same radius as the sphere.
Great circles are lines.
Great circles are simply radial lines.
Great circles are straight lines.
Great circles can go around a sphere at any angle.
Great circles provide the shortest traveling distance from one point to another.
All great circles have the same radius which is equal to the radius of the sphere.
Every great circle has two poles.
Great cities are alive.
Great cities demand the active involvement of people.
Great cities require bold vision, innovative planning and careful execution.
Great cities stand, for a time holding immortal dreams nurtured within species imperative.
All great cities have great food.
All great cities have great public spaces.
All great cities have one luxurious small hotel.
Every great city has a story.
Most great cities have food for several months stored within reach.
Great civilizations develop when the population no longer needs to lead a nomadic life-style.
Great civilizations fade when they abandon their fundamental strengths.
Great civilizations live and die in the heart and mind and values of each citizen.
Great classics search as well.
Great clearance assures a free-flowing performance.
Great climbs followed by awesome downhills are what most NC trails are about.
Every great climb deserves a great downhill.
Great cloud cover for birds.
Great coaches are necessary to recruit well.
Great coaches ask insightful, probing questions that cause their players to think.
Great coaches develop ordinary kids into leaders.
Great coaches expect more of their people than they think they can possibly achieve.
Great coaches find ways to win with the talent at hand.
Great coaches have one more gift.
Great coaches help their people exceed themselves.
Great coaches inspire players to improve and grow better as players and people.
Great coaches know what they want.
Great coaches take responsibility for attitude and actions of the players.
Great coaches understand the role of the mind and how the game of basketball is played.
All great coaches have a coach, to turn their vision and goals into reality.
Every great coach is a firm believer in fundamentals.
Many great coaches say a team's success stems from handling adversity.
Great coffee is an art.
Great coffee makes a great bistro.
Great coffee speaks for itself.
Great coffee starts with great water.
Great Coffee Try our gourmet coffees today.
Many great collections consist of used stamps only.
Great collectors share their prized possessions.
Great colleges offer educational opportunities.
Great cologne is appreciated anytime, anywhere.
Great coloration varies from light chocolate to dark brown on a light buff nodule.
Great comebacks are about the most exciting turn of events in any sport.
Great comedy has to have delayed expectations, misdirection, surprises.
All great comedies are like that.
Great comforts produce great pride and arrogance.
More great comments are in our guestbook .
Great commitment is necessary for great art.
Great communicators use voice, expression and movement to express passionate beliefs.
All great communicators are great storytellers.
Great communities have great employers.
Every great community has a heart.
Great companies are essentially a well organized and managed group of great people.
Great companies are internal customer driven.
Great companies can fail precisely because they do everything right.
Great companies communicate well, both internally and externally.
Great companies establish market leadership because they have the capacity to change and grow.
Great companies evolve from great minds and an array of invigorating and dynamic ideas.
Great companies execute.
Great companies go on the attack during economic downturns.
Great companies have a deep understanding of their customers.
Great companies have an answer to that question.
Great companies have both skills in abundance.
Great companies have great logos.
Great companies have great people and maniacal focus.
Great companies have great values.
Great companies have process and discipline around what really matters.
Great companies have strong, healthy, productive cultures.
Great companies have the market power to demand up-front payment for their goods and services.
Great companies have two things in common.
Great Companies Keep Getting Better.
Great companies keep pushing the envelope.
Great companies respect good company-improving ideas from anyone in the organization.
Great companies see their share price regularly hit new highs.
Great companies treat failure as a learning opportunity.
Great companies try to make quantum leaps - and to get a little better every day.
Great companies weave in external data to truly know their users.
All great companies have their major problems on occasion.
All great companies stay healthy and growing in part because of the company they keep.
Every great company has a similar tale.
Many great companies have two key founders or executives who have complementary skills.
Great compassion is needed.
Great compassion makes a peaceful heart.
Great complexity comes from the important tertiary compounds.
Great complexity seems to be the staple of works in one-dimensional dynamics.
All great composers create new sounds as well as new music.
Great compositions result from creative viewing.
Every great concept begins in a designer's brain.
Many great concepts owe their origins to the pre-historic.
Great concern exists about the administration of such a program.
Great concern exists about the drought.
Great concern is raised about the safe storage of nuclear waste, and justifiably so.
Great conflict arises from wanting too much.
Great confusion exists about just how many illegal immigrants there are in South Africa.
Great confusion exists.
Great connection speeds with high quality picture and sound.
Great consideration is taken when selecting a host family.
Great consternation seizes their enemies.
Great content encourages users to explore and learn.
Great content flows from a higher cause an ideology.
Great content is important.
Great content is more than simple information, education or instruction.
Great content is one of the only ways sites can set themselves apart.
Great content is, in fact, critical.
Great content is, well, great.
Great content makes for a good read.
Great content means higher impact.
Great content provides value only if visitors can find it.
Great contents make great weblogs.
Great contest follows, and much learned dust.
Great control is needed.
Great control rounds out the package.
Great controversy surrounds the whole issue.
Great conventions come in all sizes.
Great cooks are a great community resource.
Great cooks are far rarer than great servers.
Great cooks are first great shoppers.
Great cooks are well aware of mushrooms' versatility and creative potential.
Great cooks become even better with a sun oven built to last.
Great cooks know that good taste begins with the freshest ingredients.
Great cooks plan their menus around seasonal food - whatever is freshest in that month or season.
Every great cook starts by making up a shopping list.
Great cooking comes through testing, tasting, and re-testing.
Great cooking is a combination of many things.
Great copy increases conversion rates at every point.
Great copy turns clicks into customers.
All great copy has certain things in common.
Great costumes supplement the great performances.
Great Couch Needs home.
Great countries call for greatness in their people.
Great countries do great things.
Great couples getaway or small family vacation.
Great courage is needed to face real change.
Great courses abound.
Great courses are a moment unto themselves.
Great covers can be a double-edge sword.
Great coverage is given in the newspaper, but other articles can be printed in the newsletter.
Great creations inspire others.
Great creativity is required to serve the interests of the individual child.
Great creatures become old bones, then fossils, covered in mud by unremarkable tides.
Great credit is due the fragments of men of the disordered regiments who kept in the advance.
Great credit is due to everybody concernd for the end result.
Great cricketers pick the big games to make a mark.
Great crimes grow out of small ones.
Great criminals harden themselves to murder by drinking blood.
All great criminals have that.
Every great crisis reveals the excessive speculations of many houses which no one before suspected.
Great critics are sometimes wary of great authors.
Great crowd shots, car detail and track details.
Great crowds appear, tickets sell pretty fast.
Great cruelty is revealed by some inscriptions.
Great crusades are about bigger things.
Great crusades tend to fail, and affable public servants who enjoy the work tend to go on and on.
Great curriculum add on for teachers.
Great custom looks and almost three times stronger than stock.
Great dads communicate with their kids.
Great dads keep momma happy.
Great dads keep work and family in balance.
Great damage is caused to the hide by the perforation caused by the common cattle grub.
Great damage is caused to the hide by the perforation produced.
Great damage is done when sulphuric acid falls onto the earth as rain.
Great dance sequences.
Great dancers use energy with power and care.
Great danger arises from children being left too much to themselves.
Great danger lies either way.
Great danger lies in placing too much value on popular opinion.
Great danger lies in squelching conflict.
Great days are a compilation of great mornings and great afternoons.
Great days are very limited.
Every great day starts with a good morning.
A great deal is an amount
Great deals are available all through the ski season.
Great deals are hard to come by and finding free advertising is truely a great deal.
Great deals are now available for flying all over the country.
Great deals are to be had, as well as great times.
Great Deals Keep up with the newest games and all the great deals.
Great deal's too.
Great debates are whippin' up.
Great debts are like a cannon, of loud noise but little danger.
Great deception is afoot in the church today, happening right before our very eyes.
Great Decisions Discuss current events and political issues with a handbook as a guideline.
Great dedication is necessary to adhere to a tick- check protocol.
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risk.
Great defeat is followed by recovery.
All great defenders study their opponent.
Great defenses do great things.
Great defenses tend to be the great equalizer.
Great deference is afforded an agency's interpretation of the laws it enforces.
Great deference is given a trial court's ability to determine witness credibility.
Great deference is given to the issuing judge's determination of probable cause.
Great demand continues in family practice, as well as specialty fields.
Great Depression reduces demand for manufactured gas.
Great deserts inspire awe.
Great design begins with empathy.
Great design complements a vast collection of features and links on travel and entertainment.
Great design does more than just look great.
Great design enhances great content.
Great design has a strong signature, but it never draws attention to itself.
Great design has something important to say.
Great design is aethestics meeting purpose, strategy and vision.
Great design is an icon of the time, an expression of sincerity and authenticity.
Great design is great communication.
Great design is inherently simple .
Great design strikes that delicate balance between strategy and aesthetics.
Great design touches, including a built-in handle.
Great designs can cost no more than ugly ones.
Great designs can transcend cultures and local traditions and manage to convey a broad appeal.
Great designs come from great designers.
Great designs start behind the scenes of each page.
Every great design begins with a grid.
Great detail is give to showing islands around the world.
Great detail is given to the eyes, which are large and clearly defined.
Great detail is paid to environmental and lifestyle factors in promoting optimal health.
Great detail is shown of the city and sites are easily identifiable.
Great details come from obscure books.
Great developers know that there is more to development than development.
Great dialogue works on multiple levels and frequently conveys multiple meanings.
Great differences appear in the percentage reported concerning the regional and local levels.
Great differences exist in population distribution and density between urban and rural areas.
Great difficulty is associated with accurately extracting embankments from source data.
Every great dinner starts with an intoxicating drink.
Great Directors Take a look at a few of the industry's legendary directing talent.
Many great directories are out there in a market that is fast becoming crowded.
Great dirt trails for all riders.
Great disagreement prevails as to the composition.
Great discipline is required in following a particular market timing formula.
Great discomfort is induced during micturition, and sexual connection is impossible.
Great discounts are available on advance tickets.
Great discounts are available on classroom sets of almanacs, dictionaries and atlases.
Great discrepancies occur from time to time.
Great discrimination has to be exercised here.
Great discrimination is involved in the execution system as well.
Great disparities exist between different parts the area.
Great distances are no longer an insurmountable barrier to degree and graduate level studies.
Great distances make the amount of motion small on a human lifetime.
Great divergence is shown in the results of experiments in the conductivity of wood.
Great diversity is also evident in local government response to tax and spending limits in Colorado.
Great diversity is encouraged to encompass the organization's entire system.
Great diversity marks the reptile family, which includes snakes, lizards, alligators and turtles.
Great divisions have to be healed.
Every great document is derived from it.
Great documentaries are ones where the camera no longer seems to be turning.
Great documentation makes it easy to install.
Great doubt quotes.
Great doubt shrouds their origins.
Great doubts can both support and destroy little children.
Great downhill reward at the end.
Great draft pick though.
Great dragons can fly, and typically have four legs, two powerful wings, a long neck and tail.
Great drama is uplifting and teaches lessons.
Great dreamers make great doers.
Great Drives Take a road trip through some of Arizona's most scenic regions.
Great drum sounds and cool sampling functionality.
Great drummers are hard to find and keep.
A great duckweed is a duckweed
Great duckweeds produce most new plants by budding.
Some great duels are what the game needs.
Great eagles can prey on cubs.
Great earthquake opens righteous graves.
Great earthquakes occur along part of the boundary between the two plates.
Great earthquakes occur on the thrust fault contact.
Great edge feel.
Great editors are always good editors, good journalists are always good journalists.
Great education equals a great future.
Great educators instill a life-long love of reading in their students.
Every great educator knows the power of an engaging activity that creates a teachable moment.
Great effects make the dinosaurs seem as real as they can be.
Great effects overshadow a disappointing story line.
Great effort equals great success.
Great effort goes into co-ordinating the application of international humanitarian law in Estonia.
Great effort goes into updating, revising, and keeping current.
Great effort is exerted to remain documented and factual.
Great effort is made to accommodate resident preferences.
Great effort is made to assure the accuracy of the information.
Great effort is made to attract minorities to our colleges and universities.
Great effort is made to communicate throughout the process so that satisfaction is guaranteed.
Great effort is made to create activities of interest to everyone.
Great effort is made to ensure the water is clean and our beaches are healthy.
Great effort is made to fully explain the grammar, and to provide help with pronunciation.
Great effort is made to make the environment as friendly as possible.
Great effort is made to represent many different countries on the jury panel.
Great effort is put into keeping the route descriptions up to date and at a high quality.
Great effort is spent in growing and assembling such complex arrays of delicate crystals.
Great effort is taken to concentrate on creative musical experiences.
Great effort is taken to ensure safety in the preparation and serving of food and bottles.
Great effort is taken to formulate accurate reports.
Great effort is taken to meet each animals total needs.
Great effort is undertaken to provide students with a variety of alternatives and choices.
Great effort springs naturally from a great attitude.
Great efforts flare up, remain alive for awhile, then sink gently into nothingness.
Great egret wades the marsh in search of food.
Great egrets are among the most graceful and showy of all wading birds.
Great egrets are birds.
Great egrets are eurythermal .
Great egrets are herons.
Great egrets are heterotrophs .
Great egrets are predators at the top of the food chain.
Great egrets are sympatric with other species of wading birds.
Great egrets eat more large fish of more different species than do other wading birds.
Great egrets like to nest halfway up the tree.
Great egrets move with inexplicable grace through the understory of the trees.
Great egrets walk along the busiest road, seeking anoles for food.
Great emergencies produce great leaders, by arousing hitherto dormant energies.
Great emphasis is applied on customer relations and service.
Great emphasis is attached to the ' reciprocity between politics, industry and technology.
Great emphasis is given to familiarizing students with methods of electronic data retrieval.
Great emphasis is given to practical experience.
Great emphasis is given to the use of computers in the program.
Great emphasis is laid on excellent cuisine.
Great emphasis is laid on the presumptive and radical treatment of cases.
Great emphasis is laid throughout the edition on the explanatory notes.
Great emphasis is laid upon prompt and attentive service.
Great emphasis is on correspondence through the Internet.
Great emphasis is placed in many immigrant families on education for their children.
Great emphasis is placed on clarity and comprehensibility of course material.
Great emphasis is placed on comfort and good food, in a friendly and relaxed atmosphere.
Great emphasis is placed on compact calving to maximise milk from grass.
Great emphasis is placed on competence in singing and piano.
Great emphasis is placed on conditioning theactor's vocal and physical instruments.
Great emphasis is placed on contrast and definition.
Great emphasis is placed on cuisine.
Great emphasis is placed on customer service.
Great emphasis is placed on developing a love of learning in each child.
Great emphasis is placed on developing fluency in conversation.
Great emphasis is placed on developing independence a healthy self-image.
Great emphasis is placed on developing local management.
Great emphasis is placed on development and enhancement of communication skills.
Great emphasis is placed on development of human resources.
Great emphasis is placed on diversion and crisis intervention services.
Great emphasis is placed on doing original work with the responsa, their texts and their sources.
Great emphasis is placed on economy , simplicity and the practice of one's faith in daily affairs.
Great emphasis is placed on education for all family members.
Great emphasis is placed on farm safety, and the safe use of pesticides.
Great emphasis is placed on group project work and in-depth analysis and discussion of key topics.
Great emphasis is placed on having a good time both on and off the field.
Great emphasis is placed on individual performance.
Great emphasis is placed on interdisciplinary approaches to the study of the past.
Great emphasis is placed on international student programming.
Great emphasis is placed on layout and design along with pasteup, stripping, and platemaking.
Great emphasis is placed on listening to a wide variety of musical works.
Great emphasis is placed on local foods and drinks.
Great emphasis is placed on local ownership of the program.
Great emphasis is placed on locating candidates that best fulfill each client's needs.
Great emphasis is placed on making wines that accentuate varietal and vineyard character.
Great emphasis is placed on mankind's inherent sinfulness.
Great emphasis is placed on migration, economic activity, and urbanization.
Great emphasis is placed on narrowing the scientific items in dispute.
Great emphasis is placed on networking and class participation.
Great emphasis is placed on new terminology, in emerging areas such as derivatives.
Great emphasis is placed on nutrition and exercise to keep our bodies slim, trim, and healthy.
Great emphasis is placed on patient comfort throughout the night to ensure quality sleep.
Great emphasis is placed on preparation for marriage as distinct from preparation for a wedding.
Great emphasis is placed on professional competence and integrity.
Great emphasis is placed on providing gathering areas throughout the Inn.
Great emphasis is placed on reading in all programs.
Great emphasis is placed on realistic advice.
Great emphasis is placed on safeguarding the personel integrity of patients.
Great emphasis is placed on surgical instrumentation.
Great emphasis is placed on target identification.
Great emphasis is placed on teamwork and cooperation.
Great emphasis is placed on the accurate analysis of linguistic forms.
Great emphasis is placed on the areas of communication, social interaction and imagination.
Great emphasis is placed on the broodmare.
Great emphasis is placed on the development of excellent notetaking skills.
Great emphasis is placed on the education of women.
Great emphasis is placed on the experimental nature of chemistry .
Great emphasis is placed on the experimental nature of chemistry.
Great emphasis is placed on the importance of cooperating and consulting with parents.
Great emphasis is placed on the mastery of irregular verb conjugations.
Great emphasis is placed on the methods for accomplishing the requirements definition process.
Great emphasis is placed on the next step.
Great emphasis is placed on the practical application of statistical method in the outside world.
Great emphasis is placed on the professional management of people.
Great emphasis is placed on the quality of teaching and learning.
Great emphasis is placed on the quality of the surroundings.
Great emphasis is placed on the regional geography of California.
Great emphasis is placed on the role of law in Roman society.
Great emphasis is placed on the social rules that are maintained by the adults.
Great emphasis is placed on the study of rhythm and ear training.
Great emphasis is placed on the timely delivery of drugs within given time frames.
Great emphasis is placed on the uniqueness of each student's academic needs.
Great emphasis is placed on training and safety.
Great emphasis is placed on understanding fundamental principles related to chemical phenomena.
Great emphasis is placed on understanding the ecological balance of nature.
Great emphasis is placed on undertaking independent research for the dissertation.
Great emphasis is placed upon experience within the field.
Great emphasis is placed upon preparation, checking and technical support thereafter.
Great emphasis is placed upon role models today.
Great emphasis is placed upon the teaching of all three.
Great emphasis is placed upon treatment of patients requiring special care.
Great emphasis is put on preparation for the future.
Great emphasis is put on research, both in basic sciences and applied clinical sciences.
Great emphasis is put on valued engineering for the benefit of our clients.
Great emphasis is to be placed on the practical aspects and skills.
Great employees are a joy to work with.
Great employees are hard to find.
Great employees deliver profits.
Great employees produce great results.
Great enamel work.
All great endeavors begin with individual effort.
All great endeavors start with small steps in the right direction.
Great energy is expended by the women on campus to assure equity.
Great energy is expended on the beach as waves crash against the shoreline.
Great energy is spent in building wealth and power.
Great engineers are also builders and artists.
Great engineers are part of the Scottish heritage.
Great engineers forgo the error messages, and just solve the problems directly.
Every great engineer has a thorough understanding of how the world works by reading voraciously.
Great enmity is shown against Rome.
All great enterprises are self-supporting.
All great enterprises owe their success to association of capital and labor .
Great entertainer loaded with talent and a sharp wit, it's always a fun-filled evening.
Great entertainment does that.
Great entertainment is provided with street theatre, music and top poets.
Great entertainment makes a very memorable party.
Great entertainment makes everything else right.
Great entertainment makes the flowers look fresher and prettier.
Great entertainment makes the food taste better.
Great entertainment relies on what's new and creative.
Great enthusiasm prevails.
Every great entity possesses and continually adds to a key-ring.
Great entrepreneurs focus intensely on an opportunity where others see nothing.
Great environment is guaranteed.
Great equipment can only create beautiful images when it is properly set-up.
Great equipment is essential for great sound.
Great errors are noticeable in the drawing of the continents, especially of Africa.
Great Escapes Find the dish on upcoming retreats and events.
Great eulogies make great funerals.
Great events are but the aggregate result of innumerable trivial causes.
Great events bring forth great oratory.
Great Events crowd rapidly one upon another.
Great events turn on small hinges.
All great events seem to do a dogleg-left.
Great evil is more likely to be the result of unchecked nuclear power in hands of lawless nations.
Great evil occurs when the majority is silent.
Great evil portends the arrival of great good.
All great evils are wars.
Great example is the military b.
Great examples come from our space program.
Some great examples apply to topics.
Great excitement exists in the neighborhood, and the people are almost afraid to leave their houses.
Great excitement occurs when the hunters return with meat.
Great excitement prevails among the peasants.
Great excitements are less apt to be permanent than to vibrate to the opposite extreme.
Great execution gets a clean shot, and teammates ready to rebound.
Great executives do make mistakes.
All great existences have such mysterious nooks.
Great expectations can lead to great disappointments.
Great expectations Peak the curiosity of the reader.
Great expectations require development of new leaders in many areas.
Great expectations surround the new and emergent electronic technologies.
Great experiences are everywhere with wildflowers, birds, ferns, etc.
Great experiments result from using with one of our laser lights.
Great expertise is needed to work with stoneware.
Great faith is persistent.
Great faith is placed in the future of tourism.
Every great fall begins with a single mistake.
Great family pets with wonderful and dedicated dispositions.
Great family ride in beautiful alpine setting.
Great fantasies make people's lives happier, just as great sex and great play do.
Great fares are available to U.S., Canada, Caribbean, Latin America, and Mexico destinations.
Great farmers are long term thinkers that buy the best for long term results.
Great fashion looks and genuis wigs.
Great fear is dealt with by the gospel of great joy.
More great features are on the way.
Great feedback is clear, precise and unambiguous.
Great feedback is educational.
Great feedback is immediate.
Great feedback puts the listener in a positive, even enthusiastic frame of mind.
Great fiction appears effortless to the reader.
Great fiction is always autobiographical.
Great fiction is usually about great characters.
Great fig cookies though.
Every great fight deserves a rematch.
Great fighters get up.
All great fighters do.
All great fighters have the ability to make changes.
Great figures gaze upon court.
All great films have some mistakes.
Every great film is a time-consuming, painstaking work of art.
Some great films get the short shrift when it comes to the extras.
Great financiers are men of faith.
Great finds are too hard to come by to just sit on.
Great fireplaces are as necessary in winter as are pleasant places to sit out of doors in summer.
Great firms are willing to invest in their people.
Great firms spend a great deal of money on marketing, sales, PR, and in building their brand.
Every great fisher needs all the right gear.
Great fishing abounds in nearby lakes and streams.
Great fishing abounds with dorado, sierra, wahoo, tuna at different times of the year.
Great fishing is available in a half-dozen alpine lakes and miles of streams.
Great fishing is available throughout the area.
Great fishing is just steps away.
Great fishing is only the beginning.
Some great fishing is also available during the off-season.
Great fits are trousers in rayon or wool crepe, jersey, or gabardine.
Great flavor finds expression in many different ways.
Great flavor transcends the ordinary.
Great flexibility exists to allow residents to meet their special educational needs.
Great flexibility is built into the program.
Great flexibility is possible, but very competent advice is required.
Great flexibility is possible.
Great flexibility is thus available for stimulus presentation patterns.
All great flirts have music in their being.
Great folks is how.
Great fonts resource with even more links to even more fonts pages.
Great food abounds at the Expo.
Great food created by a great chef is even more reason to go.
Great food is a tradition on our campus with a variety of venues, menus and styles to choose from.
Great food is also a part of southern tradition.
Great food is also available.
Great food is always great food, but good service is useless without good food.
Great food is an eagerly anticipated ingredient of holiday celebrations.
Great food is available from mid-morning through the final heat of racing both afternoons.
Great food is available on the boat throughout the day.
Great food is available, too.
Great food is offered in our dining room where each couple, family or group has a private table.
Great food is offered in their dining room where each couple, family or group has a private table.
Great food offers benefits.
Great food requires great recipes.
Most great food offers benefits.
Great forces are at work.
All great force is real and elemental.
Any great force can tear the muscles and tendons of the lower back.
Great forms make collecting information easier.
Great fortune has origins.
Great fortunes come and go.
Most great fortune has origins.
Many great fragrances are available.
Great friends can make and save the day.
Great friendships can last a lifetime.
Great fruit becomes great wine only with exceptional care and attention to detail.
Great fulfillment supports great marketing.
Great fullness comes only from great emptiness.
Great fun come see . . .
Great fun is had at no one's expense.
Great fun is had by all.
Great fun takes thought and planning.
Great futures begin with great schools.
Great game demands to help people out.
Great games are often a blessing harboring a curse.
Great games have an ebb and a flow but are compelling from the opening kickoff.
Great games make for great earnings.
Great games make it fun to call on the radio.
Great games stand on their own and sell regardless of existing brands.
Great gardens require careful planning and knowledge of property.
All great gardens reflect a knowledge of plants and an artistic talent for design.
Great gems await a brief silence.
Great geniuses have the shortest biographies.
All great geniuses are.
Great gerbils are found in arid habitats, predominantly in sandy or clay deserts .
Great gerbils live in family groups and occupy one burrow per family.
Great gift buys and beautiful site.
Great gifts are high profit.
Great glory is a worthy price to pay for divine discipline.
All great glory resides there.
Great GMs are people that are never satisfied with good when they know they can do better.
Great goals produce great motivation.
Great golf begins here.
Great golf is close by.
Great golf is only the beginning.
Great golfers work incredibly hard.
All great golfers have off days.
Great golfing is a daily experience in Butler County.
Great good achieved is never as newsworthy as lesser things left undone.
Great good can come from sharing.
Great goodness proceeds from deaf-mutes.
Great grace is needed, but great grace is provided.
A great grandfather is an ancestor
Great grandfather dies.
Great grandma runs away and climbs to the top of the shrine's gate.
Great grandmothers raise children.
Most great grandmothers raise children.
Some great grandmothers serve as local midwifes.
Some great grandmothers serve as midwifes.
Great graphics allow for wonderful views of major artworks.
Great graphics are a plus for any site.
Great graphics are only part of the show of course.
Great graphics design without wasting all the bandwidth.
Great graphics drive the design.
Great graphics grab people's attention.
Great graphics illustrate and motivate.
Great graphics lie just ready to use.
Great graphics make all the difference when it comes to successful Web pages.
Great graphics make learning and researching fun.
Great graphics provide great action and hours of fun.
Great graphics supplement the great gameplay.
Great graphics work on our web site.
Great grip buy very wonky feet postion.
Great groups are full of talented people who can work together.
Great groups see themselves as winning underdogs.
Every great group has a strong leader.
Every great group is an island - but an island with a bridge to the mainland.
Great guards are only part of the story for Florida.
Great guards make such a difference.
Great guitar stands and other good stuff.
Great guitar work all over.
Great guitarists happen once in a while.
Great guys die every day, but few position themselves so dangerously.
Great hair cuts for both men, women, and children.
Great hair needs a lot of love and care to make it grow fast.
Great hair starts from the inside.
Great hairstyles start with healthy hair Great, healthy, fast growing hair comes from within.
A great hall is a hall
Great hall remains unaltered.
Great halls stand empty, flanked by immovable statues.
Great hammerhead sharks feed on fish.
Great hammerhead sharks have heads.
Great hammerhead sharks have thick heads.
Great hammerheads eat fish.
Great hammerheads feed on southern stingrays.
Great hammerheads feed on stingrays.
Great hammerheads have senses.
Most great hammerheads eat fish.
Most great hammerheads feed on southern stingrays.
Most great hammerheads feed on stingrays.
Most great hammerheads have senses.
Some great hammerheads are caught by fishermen.
Some great hammerheads are caught by sport fishermen.
Great handstands lead to great tumbling.
Great hardware deserves great software.
Great haste makes great waste.
Great hate follows great love.
Great hawk sounds and icons.
Great help is available from the group.
Every great hero has a dark secret.
Great herons adapt to habitats.
Great herons adapt to wetland habitats.
Great herons feed on insects.
Great herons have feathers.
Great herons have fish techniques.
Great herons have neck vertebrae.
Great herons have techniques.
Great herons have vertebrae.
Great herons live for years.
Great herons make croaks.
Great herons nest in colonies.
Most great herons adapt to habitats.
Most great herons feed on insects.
Most great herons have feathers.
Most great herons have fish techniques.
Most great herons have neck vertebrae.
Most great herons have techniques.
Most great herons have vertebrae.
Most great herons live for years.
Most great herons make croaks.
Most great herons nest in colonies.
Some great herons have protection.
Some great herons live in aquatic habitats.
Some great herons live in habitats.
Great hires increase customer satisfaction.
Great history makes great literature.
Great hitters are abundant, great pitchers plentiful.
Great hitters fail more than twice as many times than they succeed.
Great hitters have stretches where everything they touch go a long way.
Great homes sell every day of the week and the deals don t wait for the weekend.
Great hooks are what publishers, record companies and recording artists are all looking for.
Great hooks sell great songs.
Great hooks start with great ideas.
Great hope is here with fantastic changes in computerized and adaptive technology.
Great hope lies in the considered benevolent development of studies of the future.
Great horn owls kill hares.
Great horn owls nest in cavities.
Great horn owls nest in tree cavities.
Great horn owls weigh pounds.
Great horns are the largest predator of the barn owl.
Great hornbills are the highlight.
Great hotels anticipate and exceed expectations.
Great hounds lounge about or gnaw at bones underfoot.
Every great house starts with a good foundation.
Many great houses avail.
Great husbands refuse to make anyone do anything they themselves are unwilling to do.
Great idea is a rare commodity.
Great idea is a spark.
Great idea is an instinct.
Great ideas abound.
Great ideas are a dime a dozen.
Great ideas are a powerful means of shaping lives.
Great ideas are good ideas that can actually be put into action.
Great ideas are great ideas, no matter how they're pitched, who's pitching or where from they come.
Great ideas are hogwash.
Great ideas are often the most obvious.
Great ideas are rare.
Great ideas are the fuel of progress.
Great ideas are the seeds of successful marketing programs.
Great ideas are the sure road to academic failure.
Great ideas are useless without a solid revenue stream.
Great ideas begin with a vision , requiring focus and careful planning .
Great ideas can come from just about anywhere.
Great ideas can come from unexpected places.
Great ideas can fail when poorly implemented.
Great ideas change the world.
Great ideas come from anywhere, and they know that.
Great ideas come from inspiration.
Great ideas come from ordinary people looking at new ways of working in the new economy.
Great ideas come from thinking outside the box.
Great ideas come in all shapes and sizes.
Great ideas come in unpredictable packages.
Great ideas don t have value unless they are effectively communicated.
Great ideas enter into reality with evil associates and with disgusting alliances.
Great ideas fail all the time in business.
Great ideas fail because of complexity.
Great ideas flop without a site that gets a steady flow of qualified, interested people.
Great ideas flourish and prosper on the Internet if they are marketed properly.
Great ideas happen all over the world.
Great ideas happen spontaneously.
Great ideas have widespread ramifications.
Great ideas keep flowing as the class discusses how to assist students with intercul tural issues.
Great ideas languish.
Great ideas require more than just capital.
Great ideas sell products and build brands.
Great ideas surround the world's ignorance and press for admission.
Great ideas travel that way.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
All great ideas are dangerous.
All great ideas begin as a tiny inkling.
All great ideas seem obvious in hindsight.
Every great idea hits more than one person at the same time.
Every great idea starts with a dream.
Every great idea starts with a small beginning.
Many great ideas are applications of very different skills on the same problem.
Many great ideas dangle on the tips of the tongues of others.
Many great ideas lead to software products.
Most great ideas begin life as idle conversation.
Most great ideas come from inspiration.
Some great ideas are fancy napkins, tissue paper, stamps, or stickers.
Great illustrations accompany easy to read basic information on rain forests.
Great illustrations accompany the text.
Great illustrations enhance the text.
Great illustrations keep young readers giggling.
Great illustrations make for fun reading.
Great illustrators tend to retain a sense of the distinctiveness of word and image.
Some great images are in here.
Some great images are to be found.
Great importance is assigned to the posting of prompt and timely updates.
Great importance is attach to education and training of the company's employees.
Great importance is attached to accurate spelling, correct grammar and punctuation.
Great importance is attached to conciseness of presentation, so far as is consistent with clarity.
Great importance is attached to funeral sermons and ceremonials.
Great importance is attached to research work.
Great importance is attached to rice because it was a staple food amongst many Sephardic countries.
Great importance is attached to the bristles of the boar.
Great importance is attached to the industrial implementation of research findings.
Great importance is attached to the quality of both teaching and research.
Great importance is attached to the soul.
Great importance is given in maintaining a homely and relaxed atmosphere.
Great importance is given to aggressiveness and violence, in relation to mental disorder.
Great importance is given to discussions of current problems in neuroscience and on-going research.
Great importance is given to preventive health care which is done by the science of yoga.
Great importance is given to the operational and applied approach to training.
Great importance is given to the retreat and to the confession that precede the initiation.
Great importance is given, naturally, to the arrival of the euro and all issues connected with it.
Great importance is placed on customer relations.
Great importance is placed on effective capital management.
Great importance is placed on improving quality of life and independence.
Great importance is placed on learning as well as on the content of the course.
Great importance is placed on learning to communicate, fight fair, and negotiate conflicts.
Great importance is placed on minimizing the time between venom extraction and customer delivery.
Great importance is placed on teamwork, relationships, and communication.
Great importance is placed upon parent involvement whenever possible.
Great importance is placed upon the teaching of responsibility.
Great improvements come from major shifts in thinking.
Great info sheets on feral cat care, links to feral cat groups by state.
Great information is made even better with user-friendly software and a variety of search options.
Great innovation is just what intellectual property rights are supposed to protect.
Great inquiry lessons.
Great insight is a rare event, however.
Great institutions grow and prosper by anticipating and preparing for the future.
Great institutions have great supporters.
Great institutions remain great by virtue of such outstanding commitment.
Great institutions survive because their missions are timeless and ethical.
All great institutions are proud of their history.
All great institutions have tunnels.
Every great institution depends upon a core of faithful patrons.
Great intellects are skeptical.
Great intelligence is combined with rugged and a bold, dashing eagerness of temperament.
Great intelligence is combined with rugged endurance and a bold, dashing eagerness of temperament.
Great intelligence seems stupid.
Great interest continues to be shown.
Great interest is everywhere awakened.
Great interest is taken in the outcome as there is a piece of rag, a coin and a ring in each cake.
Great interests are at stake.
Great interior includes window treatments, washer, dryer and refrigerator.
Great Internet calls without download or install.
Great interviews arise, likewise, from careful groundwork.
Great inventions come by accident, too.
Every great invention suppresses countless others.
All great inventors create through pictures in their mind.
All great inventors have high tolerance to 'mistakes'.
Great investment buy and rent out.
Great Island is in the mouth of the Connecticut River.
Great issues demand great sacrifices.
Great issues have a way of invoking greatness, even in the most unlikely of politicians.
More great items are coming, so please check back periodically.
Much great jazz is played by musicians for themselves and each other.
Great job continue to keep it up to data.
Great job keep it up.
Great job keep up the good work.
Great jobs are a hope for everyone wherever the challenge can exist.
Great jobs are available in southern Indiana.
Great jobs demand ingenuity, creativity and determination.
Great jobs deserve great people.
Great Jobs Start Here.
Great journalism begins with that premise.
All great journeys begin with the first step.
All great journeys start with the first step.
Every great journey begins with a first step.
Every great journey begins with a single step, and that single step lands here.
Every great journey begins with a single step.
Every great journey begins with but a single step, usually into a very large pothole.
Every great journey begins with courage.
Great joy comes from love, and so does great sorrow.
Great joy fills the air.
Great joy is found in discovery and constant learning.
Great joy is radiated around that moment.
Great kids bike.
Great kids find a good place in the world.
Great kids menu.
Great kitchen adjoins family room with fireplace.
Great kitchen features island and breakfast bar open to family room with fireplace.
Great kitchen has granite tops, beautiful custom cabinets and large breakfast room.
Great knowledge sees all in one.
Great labor is rewarded.
Great Lake does.
Great Lamps Decorating with light means more than just illuminating a space.
Some great landmarks await the visitor.
All great landscapes start with the best designs.
Great languages spring from great empires, and Arabic is no exception.
All great languages have humble beginnings.
Great latitude is also available in the accounting treatment of uranium production costs.
Great latitude is permitted for learning.
All great laws have the advantage of having some immediate effect.
Great lawyers leave their profession better than they found it.
Great lawyers start client relationships by understanding customers' business strategies.
Great lawyers understand that legal education is a life-long process of learning.
Great layout is invisible.
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers .
Great leaders are always great followers.
Great leaders are artists, inspiring others through their creative efforts.
Great leaders are aware of what motivates each rep and know how to get the best from everyone.
Great leaders are comfortable both in and under authority.
Great leaders are creative in their approach to finding solutions.
Great leaders are first obedient followers.
Great leaders are great communicators.
Great leaders are great learners and teachers.
Great leaders are great pols.
Great leaders are hard to find.
Great leaders are inspirational in bad times and paranoid about success in the good times.
Great leaders are never satisfied with current levels of performance.
Great leaders are ones who challenge apathy and lead their teams toward a personal vision.
Great leaders are principle-center.
Great leaders are rare.
Great leaders are usually more inclined to listen than to speak.
Great leaders are visionaries.
Great leaders associate with, rather than deny, their history.
Great leaders attract loyal followers.
Great leaders believe in their people more than their people believe in themselves.
Great leaders bring in other great leaders.
Great leaders build teams of individuals who complement their strengths and weaknesses.
Great leaders can state their mission succinctly.
Great leaders can walk in the shoes of their followers.
Great leaders consider things under their control and within their people's skills.
Great leaders continue to take risks.
Great leaders create winding staircases upon which intelligent people climb higher.
Great leaders develop a vision, so compelling that it becomes a magnet for passion - a cause.
Great leaders fail.
Great leaders find many ways to meet people's needs.
Great leaders have a capacity for taking risks.
Great leaders have a clear cut objective and a plan for getting there.
Great leaders have a compass in their head and a magnet in their heart.
Great leaders have the ability to make other leaders followers.
Great leaders have to walk alone from time to time.
Great leaders have vision-they can see clearly the direction in which success lies.
Great leaders help others feel that they are great, too.
Great leaders help others realize their dreams.
Great leaders instill a sense of team.
Great leaders justify themselves by emancipating and empowering their followers.
Great leaders know that life has rules, and they are enforced without favor or preference.
Great leaders lead more by values than by charisma.
Great leaders lead out of their humanity.
Great leaders look outward .
Great leaders make great decisions and solve big problems.
Great leaders make their followers feel bigger than they are.
Great leaders motivate their constituents to accomplish extraordinary tasks.
Great leaders recognize the strength of individuals' experiences and knowledge.
Great leaders reject the fearsome clich s of war, violence and intimidation.
Great leaders rely on the moral authority of their character and example.
Great leaders remember that the little things are the big things when it comes to building loyalty.
Great leaders remember to recognize and motivate employees.
Great leaders share themselves and what they have learned.
Great leaders shun both imposition and indifference.
Great leaders start out as great followers with a servant's heart.
Great leaders take and invite risks here.
Great leaders take the trouble to be in touch with ordinary things.
Great leaders tend to be great dreamers - painters of a picture.
All great leaders keep working on themselves until they become effective.
Every great leader has one thing in common.
Most great leaders are masters at communicating their desires.
Most great leaders begin in the capacity of followers.
Some great leaders spend days just thinking about what ought to be.
Great leadership can overcome almost any challenge.
Great leadership challenges followers to be more than they have ever been before.
Great leadership comes from the heart.
Great leadership does that.
Great leadership has that capacity.
Great leadership includes understanding, inspiration, and guidance.
Great leadership is marked by great openness.
Great leadership requires great influence.
Great Leap has various shows tailored to specific age groups that tour throughout the country.
Great Leap is very grateful to the people and organizations who understand our mission.
Great leftovers make great lunches.
Great length is made possible without great bulk.
Great lesson can fit in with several thematic units.
Great lessons are to be learned from history.
Great lets go in and look.
Great lets proceed.
Great liars are also great magicians.
Great libraries become great through the largesse of private donors.
Great libraries can go beyond bookstores.
Great lives demand the truth.
Great lighting can make a box on a plane look good.
Great line refs there.
Great liner notes explaining origins of the music.
Great liner notes for a the first time.
Great liner notes on history of songs and music in the west.
Great links list by topic and alphabetical.
Great links list.
Great Links Look here for some great links that extend or enrich our curriculum.
Great links resource, too.
Great Links Use our world zoo map to visit over forty of the world's greatest zoos.
Great Links Visit the Web pages of other amateur researchers.
Great literature can be and has been adapted in many ways over time.
Great literature creates a theater of the mind.
Great literature deals with themes of ambition, passion, and good and evil.
Great literature is discussed with lots of activities and exercises that reinforce and affirm.
Great literature is great for a reason - let students find out why.
Great literature is simply language charged with meaning to the utmost possible degree.
Great literature is subtle, dignified, profound.
Great literature is the nearest thing to life.
Great literature is written there, and there is a culture worthy of people's presence.
Great literature lends itself to ambiguity.
Great literature opens windows of hope and potential.
Great literature touches hearts and stimulates minds.
All great literature involves ethics.
All great literature is meant to entertain as well as to inform.
Many great literatures have their foundation in epic.
Great lithography has to do with the stoneness of stone.
Great lobster is available there and on the little islands off the coast.
Great location close the to ferry, water views, sunshine.
Great location walk to beach.
Great lodgings are available here.
Great loss is suffered by man when heat transfer is impossible.
Great love is substance, and great sadness is compassion.
Great love lives on.
Great love makes it seem reasonable, sometimes plausible, but never satisfactory.
Great love needs love in return.
Great lyrics are conversation.
Great madness is required, as well.
Great magazines make consumers feel connected to a community.
Great mallard sounds, but also easily modified by professional callers.
Great men are almost always bad men.
Great men are always simple.
Great men are but life-sized.
Great men are like meteors, which shine and consume themselves to enlighten the earth.
Great men are men, and subject to the common calamities of human life.
Great men are meteors destined to burn up the earth.
Great men are true men, the men in whom nature has succeeded.
Great men express the spirit of their age.
Great men have a penchant for choosing moments to display their greatness.
Great men have great and expansive aspirations.
Great men have the great ideas.
Great men have their proper business, and little men have their proper business.
Great men know how to build a wonderful relationship, and know that fidelity is the main ingredient.
Great men lead while others follow.
Great men make things happen.
Great men seem to disappear suddenly, and minds withdraw into themselves.
All great men breathe from their toes.
All great men make mistakes.
All great men think alike.
Every great man is a unique.
Every great man is unique.
Many great men become great only after their death.
Most great men are good, but few are understood.
Most great men are vigorous animals, with exuberant powers, and an extreme devotion to a cause.
Most great men leave to posterity a chronicle of their life in the form of memoirs.
Some great men say that Yoga is the means.
Great management is great validation.
Great management is hard to find.
Great management runs smooth shifts that seem effortless.
Great management starts with great people.
Great managers allow their employees to do great work.
Great managers are fair.
Great managers are rare indeed.
Great managers are skilled at strategic pattern recognition.
Great managers are strong enough to go to bat for their staff time and time again.
Great managers believe that every role performed at a level of excellence is valuable.
Great managers build great teams.
Great managers create far more energy than they consume.
Great managers develop future vision.
Great managers differ from great leaders.
Great managers excel at giving performance feedback.
Great managers expect the unexpected and deliver results no matter what obstacles block their path.
Great managers get a kick out of other people's success and growth.
Great managers immerse themselves in the history of their organization and their industry.
Great managers look for latent employee skills and create opportunities for growth and development.
Great managers look inward .
Great managers look inward.
Great managers maintain strong relationships due, in part, to their high resilience level.
Great managers realize they are a team.
Great managers show conviction, tenacity, and boldness.
Great managers tap into the raw potential of each employee.
All great managers are a messenger of their mission statement.
Every great manager is in some respects a great teacher.
Great marketers have a knack for looking at their products from the perspective of the buyer.
Great marketing is about emotion and empathy, seduction and dreams.
Great marketing is more than a good logo and a catchy phrase.
Great marriages take work, so keep striving toward a better relationship.
Every great masterpiece is an evolution, be it a statue, a poem, a painting - or a man.
Great material is just one click away.
Great material is the most important part of the contents of any submission.
Great math quotes reflecting thinking on mathematics from mathematicians.
Great mathematics is almost always beautiful.
Some great maw is about to take a bite out of everyone.
Great meals come from simple things, such as good tomato sauce, rigatoni and fresh ricotta.
Every great meal has a great main course, a piece de resistance.
Great meetings begin with the right surroundings.
Great meetings start with comfortable and inviting rooms and close with attention to detail.
Great memoirs are emblems of moral courage.
All great memoirs are a clutch of different books marvelously conjured into one.
Great mentors are great strategists.
Great migration takes places.
Most great migration takes places.
Great minds are everywhere and creativity flows from one to another.
Great minds are more concerned with the cosmic than the cosmetic.
Great minds are sometimes too complex to fully understand their workings.
Great minds come here and stay.
Great minds discuss ideas Average minds discuss events Small minds discuss people.
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.
Great minds discuss ideas, Average minds discuss events, Small minds discuss people.
Great minds discuss ideas.
Great minds do think alike.
Great minds forget great things.
Great minds grope alike.
Great minds have purpose, others have wishes.
Great minds have purposes, little minds have wishes.
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes.
Great minds run in great circles.
Great minds run in the same channel and weak ones in the same gutter.
Great minds run in the same channels.
Great minds see the same thing as others but think something different.
Great minds start little.
Great minds stink alike.
Great minds talk about ideas, Average minds talk about things, Small minds talk about other people.
Great minds talk about ideas, lesser minds about events, and the smallest minds talk about people.
Great minds talk about ideas.
Great minds think alike . . .
Great minds think alike' a wise person once said.
Great minds think alike and can relieve one another when a rest is necessary.
Great minds think alike, but fools never disagree.
Great minds think alike, especially when they are female.
Great minds think alike, or fools never differ.
Great minds think alike, so they say.
Great minds think alike.
Great Minds Think Alike.
Great minds think along similar lines.
Great minds think and talk about ideas.
All great minds do that eventually.
All great minds have a poetry corner, and maybe antlers.
Many great minds are better than one.
Great mines think differently.
Many great ministries have their beginnings in less obvious situations.
Great miracles happen at our meetings.
Great misfortune requires great courage.
Great moments deserve great monuments and flamboyant popular festivals are all too rare.
Great moments wait around every corner.
Great money prizes.
Great months are nothing more than a compilation of great weeks.
Great monuments remain to be enjoyed until now.
Great motors cause players to chase quarterbacks during non-contact drills.
Great motors tend to get guys on the field.
Great mountain burns with fire and is cast into the sea.
Great mountains rise around the road.
Great movements are in trouble.
All great movements have their defining moments.
Great movie collectibles and Science Fiction literature.
Great movie comes to a great ride.
Great movie reviews.
Great movies are literature, no matter how dark the theme, and similarly conceal the strings.
Great movies ask much from the audience.
Great movies have great music.
Great movies make people feel more alive.
Great movies slip such incidents seamlessly into the flow of the film.
Great movies start with great writing.
Every great movie has a piece of music that defines the feel of that movie.
Every great movie is something of a miracle.
Many great movies show their age.
Some great mulches are pine needles, dead leaves, hay straw, and even newspaper strips.
Great mullein is a biennial and generally requires winter dormancy before it can flower.
Every great museum has restorations constantly in progress.
Great music adds to the fun, entertaining playing experience.
Great music belongs to humanity as a whole.
Great music can add enjoyment to life just like antiques and collectibles.
Great music can change habits and release childhood memories.
Great music can frame any moment, any and set the tone for many occasions.
Great music causes a desire to dances.
Great music comes from taking chances.
Great music deserves great sound.
Great music does.
Great music equals a great time.
Great music is as much about the space between the notes as it is about the notes themselves.
Great music is great music.
Great music is just timeless anyway.
Great music is still great music.
Great music is that which penetrates the ear with facility and leaves the memory with difficulty.
Great music is time-less.
Great music lifts the heart and turns our spirit heavenward.
Great music matters more now than ever before.
Great music needs great players.
Great music stand for any practicing musician.
Great music's as much about the space between the notes as it is about the notes themselves.
All great music serves to induce a meditative state of mind.
More great music is still on the way.
Some great music falls through the cracks.
Some great music is made by amateurs.
Great musicians are like that.
Great musicians can look at a new score of music and hear all of the parts blending together.
Great musicians know the importance of silence.
All great musicians have a combination of the spiritual and the technical.
All great musicians practice daily.
Many great musicians are farmers or labourers who are partially self sufficient.
Many great musicians scoff at the very idea of musical contests.
Great musicianship is entertaining.
Great nails begin with a healthy diet rich in calcium.
Great names are still available.
Great names build imagery in the minds of consumers.
Many great names are still available.
Great nations are by nature stoic.
Great nations do fall.
Great nations have legitimate national interests that warrant the use of secret services.
Great nations have responsibilities to lead.
Great nations keep their word.
Great nations pay their bills.
Great nations watch each other closely, even when relations are relatively normal.
All great nations support the arts.
All great nations support their artists.
Great necessities call out great virtues. . . .
Great necessities call out great virtues.
Great neighborhoods have a connected, integrated network of walkable streets.
Great neighborhoods have a mix of land uses and building types.
Great neighbours make for great neighbourhoods, and it is well worth the effort.
Great new discoveries change knowledge.
Great newsletter covers current conditions of the lagoon.
Great newspapers ought to tell the truth and put the facts out before the British people.
Great night dives.
Great nights sleep.
Many great night sleeps.
Great nirvana is the fruit that manifests itself in the field of benefiting and converting others.
Great notice is taken in the earlier herd books of the milking properties of the cattle.
Great novels are a repository of the accumulated wisdom of the human race.
All great novels are strange in their own way.
Great novelists do it all the time.
Great numbers are shot for the markets in all north- countries.
Great numbers come to church constantly.
Great numbers spend the winter from South Carolina to the mouths of the Mississippi.
Great numbers spend the winter in Louisiana.
Great Nursing Starts With Communication.
Great oaks grow from little acorns.
Great occasions make men great.
Great ones are born great, they really are.
Great ones do it consistently.
Great ones know what to reuse.
Great ones say that Yoga means union.
Some great ones are strawberries, cantaloupe, watermelons, apples, peaches, or bananas.
Great opportunities abound for hiking, trail running, mountain biking, skiing and snowshoeing.
Great opportunities abound for the hunting, fishing, and camping enthusiast.
Great opportunities abound in the greatest country on earth.
Great opportunities are worth the risk.
Great opportunities are worth the risks.
Great opportunities await ALL people in America, regardless of their race.
Great opportunities emerge from a richer environment and enhanced communications.
Great opportunities exist for hiking in the nearby forests.
Great opportunities exist for kids and parents to explore computers and the internet together.
Great opportunities exist for new and exciting collaborative research programs.
Great opportunities exist for the bold and far-sighted.
Great opportunities exist with some of Southern California s premier employers.
Great opportunities lie ahead for businesses and industry who welcome the future and embrace it.
Great opportunity awaits an experienced administrative assistant positioned for growth.
Great opportunity exists here.
Great options are available today on integrated devices that copy, print, and fax.
Great organ sounds ribs .
Great organisations look beyond the horizon.
Great organizations are always great communicators.
Some great organizations oversee the sport.
Great ornament keepsakes for the couple and guests.
Every great outfit begins with a great pair of underwear.
Great packages are still available.
Great packaging is a plus too with wonderful photos.
Great packaging is definitely a plus.
Great page keep it up.
Great page keep that info coming.
Great page keep up the great work and service.
Great pain is felt in the bladder, and the odor of urine is on the body.
Great pain is sometimes difficult to overcome.
Great paints start with great ingredients.
Great paintings can stand the test of the microscope in the examination of details.
Great paintings have a light of their own, which comes from within, from behind.
Great panic occurs in Europe over the close approach of a comet.
Great paperwork is a relatively easy way to score points.
Great parents work at it.
Great partnerships can make great companies.
All great parties end with police and federal officials sweeping and fingerprinting the scene.
Great passers get the ball to the open player closest to the basket.
Great passion are for the great of souls.
Great passions accompany great minds.
Great passions are for the great of souls.
Great pasta is served after the race.
Great patience is required, and there is no promise of assistance.
Great patience is to be used.
Great patio covers with the beautiful look of real wood.
Great patterns come and go.
Great pay outs promotional resources and support.
Great peace have they that love thy law, and they have no occasion of stumbling.
Great peace have they which love thy law.
Great pearl handle.
Great people achieve great things because of their ability.
Great people are of course great at everything and that means swimming as well as horseback riding.
Great people are ordinary people who make extraordinary decisions.
Great people are the cornerstone for success.
Great people are the only sustaining value today.
Great people come from all places, from the rich and fortunate to the ghetto and slums.
Great people create great acts of kindness.
Great people fail often, but they use failure to learn and improve their performance.
Great people flourish in an environment that liberates and amplifies their energy.
Great people have great servants.
Great people illuminates the four quarters with continuing illumination.
Great people know great people.
Great people live in rural places.
Great people make a business successful, but a powerful business model changes the game altogether.
Great people make a great church.
Great people make for great camps.
Great people make great companies.
Great people mingling with other professionals is a great way to help further enhance our brand.
Great people participate in North American Trails.
Great people take chances.
Great people talk about ideas.
Great people think of using it.
Great people visit the boards and have great memories and facts to share.
Great people watching and the employees are always friendly.
All great people have failure.
Many great people can trace their accomplishments back to a single thought.
Some great people are leaders and others are more lucky, in the right place at the right time.
Great performance comes from turning off the brain and becoming automatic.
Great performance starts with a great design.
Great performances come from being able to rebound quickly and forget about mistakes.
Great performances overcome the literary feel.
Great performers commit their entire being to their craft.
Great performers strut their stuff.
Every great performer needs a great coach.
Many great performers have only one name.
Great period feel.
Great perseverance brings misfortune.
Great persistence is needed to bring a truly new idea into the market.
Great persistence makes great ideals.
Many great persons is in there.
Great personalities microfiche.
Great philosophers are philosophers.
All great philosophers agree that meditation is one critical key to personal success and happiness.
Great photos accompany each page.
Great photos accompany the detailed text.
Great photos go along with the stories.
Great photos go along with the trip.
Great photos make all of the difference in the world.
Great photos promote an early interest in learning about food.
Great photos require patience and practice.
Great photographs come from hard, diligent work.
All great photographs start with geat compositions.
Great photography begins in the mind of the photographer.
Great photography is usually a key component of any successful website.
Great photography knows no decade.
Great physics make it somewhat hard to get used to, but all the more fun.
Great pianists are rare.
Great piano sound too, and the strings sing.
Great pictures are a necessity when moving at such a hurried pace.
Great pictures are just the beginning.
Great pictures go along with very informative material.
Great pictures start with great film.
Great pilots demand tough gear.
Great pine forests line the banks.
Great pitchers do that.
Great pizza made to eat in, take out, or deliver.
Great pizza starts with a great crust and that starts with a biga.
Great place has ten acres and a nice garden.
Great placebo check out new music.
Great plain regions experience urbanization.
Great plains roar and waterfall, yawn and frost between the lines.
All great plans have room for obsession.
Great plant habits with vigorous growth and fast increase.
Great plays are about story.
Great player work ethic.
Great players are like that.
Great players become crap managers.
Great players can alter the course of a game.
Great players can win, are gracious and represent their sport well.
Great players demonstrate their abilities during the match.
Great players enjoy the confrontation.
Great players find ways to consistently squeeze out a few more dollars from every situation.
Great players get it done when it counts the most.
Great players have a lot of the same qualities.
Great players have a wealth of knowledge about the game and go the mental library often.
Great players have bad days sometimes.
Great players have it and can sustain it.
Great players have pother obligations.
Great players have to learn how to play basketball and understand the game.
Great players have tough nights, too.
Great players immerse themselves into the process of execution.
Great players learn to throw more than just a fastball.
Great players leave and it's up to coaches to reload rather than rebuild.
Great players make coaches look good.
Great players make great coaches.
Great players make great plays.
Great players raise their level.
Great players rely on great products.
Great players step up and play great in big games.
Great players step up in big games.
Great players step up when they're needed most.
Great players tend to attract other great players.
Great players tend to do that, which is the reason they are great.
Great players tend to rise to challenges.
Great players travel a path no different.
Great players use setbacks to improve themselves and gain knowledge.
Great players win all the time without their best game.
Great players yearn to erase failures from their records.
All great players add a little something to their games year to year.
All great players can listen, change quickly.
All great players have a good body turn.
All great players have a sound of their own.
All great players have bad days.
All great players have good hands, and that's why it's so crucial to develop a proper grip.
All great players have specific guitars, amps, and effects that are essential to their sound.
All great players like to win, but they also want to hit perfect shots.
ALL great players spend many more hours working away from the rink than in a structured environment.
Any great player wants to start.
Every great player goes through at least one putting slump.
Many great players are reluctant to judge, or to place one player higher than another.
Many great players are unable to teach.
Many great players take months perfecting the technique.
Most great players perfect one or the other.
Great poems speak in a voice that is wholly at ease with all their author's craft.
Some great poems are only five sentences.
Great poets die in steaming pots of shit.
Great poets steal.
Great poetry arises out of great living.
Great poetry does the opposite.
Great poetry is a different story.
Great poetry is something that exists for itself.
Great poetry lives on, and so does the human dream of freedom.
Great poetry requires exact analysis of inwardly recognized metaphors.
Great poetry requires leisure, and much time for solitary thinking.
Great portraiture brings the sitter's inner self to the surface.
Great possession is great success.
Great possibilities are ahead.
Great poverty exists alongside extreme wealth.
Great power is a country
Great power is delivered in a rather small package.
Great power lies in constraints.
Great power needs great control.
Great power requires great sacrifice.
Great power tends to produce opposing power.
Great powers are often the impediments to spiritual and right conceptions.
Great powers can make their promises credible by using what are termed costly signals.
Great powers do well for themselves by doing good for others.
All great powers act as aggressive power-maximizers despite embracing liberal democracy.
Great prairies spread and lordly rivers flow.
Great preachers have great instincts.
Great preachers know when to land.
Great preachers know where they are going before they start.
Great preachers practice what they preach .
Great preachers realize that a sermon is like a surgery .
Great precision is required to get consistent success in vasectomy reversal.
Great preparation begins as the New Year's Day approaches.
Great preparations take place when a lobster gets ready to shed.
Great presentation is one of Computer City's fortes.
Great presentations are radical in their focus on the audience.
Great presentations engage hearts as well as minds.
Great presenters move up faster and go farther in their organization.
All great presenters have the ability to tap into the emotions of their listeners.
Great presidents get a lot of other people to do great things.
Great Presidents get a lot of other people to do great things.
Great Presidents get other people to do great things.
Great pressure is needed to force water up through such layers.
Great price is the primary upside to buying Animal Science meats.
Great prices are a major factor.
Great prices come in soon.
Great prices keep up the good work.
Great pride is shown by students and staff.
Great pride is taken in accurately describing and photographing each item.
Great pride is taken in ensuring that the designs are both practical and affordable to build.
Great pride is taken in exceeding customer expectations.
Great pride is taken in maintaining the fleet to the highest standards.
Great pride is taken in making premium wines with great taste and value.
Great pride is taken in making premium wines with wonderful taste and value.
Great pride is taken in meeting the varying needs of all students at South Anna.
Great pride is taken in our knowledgeable sales representatives.
Great pride is taken in our service, with an emphasis on always pleasing our guests.
Great pride is taken in product knowledge and service.
Great pride is taken in providing quality, efficiency, and timely support to all of our customers.
Great pride is taken in quality hand-crafted workmanship, originality and incomparable service.
Great pride is taken in the preparation of all dishes.
Great pride is taken in the quality of our winter vacation packages.
Great pride is taken to maintain close customer relationships before and after each home sale.
Great prints are the products of great decisions.
Great priority is given to stopping the additional contraction of the economy.
Great privileges come with great responsibilities and even greater challenges.
Great prize packages for most pledges raised.
Great prizes are on offer to the winners.
Great prizes are up for grabs as well as a lucky door prize.
Great prizes await owners of the oldest, rarest and best conditioned artifacts.
Many great prizes are available.
Some great prizes are available.
Great problems remain, but a new page of history has been turned.
Great produce is a wonderful inspiration for creative cooking.
Great producers have an intangible knack for creating projects that intrigue the public.
Great producers hear the song finished in their heads from the first moment.
Great products attract great people.
Great products begin with great engineering.
Great products generate big profits, which provide resources to attract more great people.
More great products are in development.
Every great Production starts with the basics.
Every great production starts with the writer.
Great professors attract great students, and together they create a world-leading institution.
Great programs draw great interest, even for games where the quarterbacks swap squads.
Every great program needs support from the community.
Some great programs do a lot, others do none.
Great programmers are great technicians but also great artists.
Great programmers cost a lot of money.
Great programmers find simple solutions to complex problems.
Great programmers steal great software.
Great programmers work together.
Great progress is said to have been made concerning the cold start performance of fuel cell engines.
Great projector comes with remote and original carrying case.
Great promise continues to exist.
Great protection is assured by separate compartments for each component.
Great pumpkin arrives at by horse and wagon.
Every great purpose requires great sacrifice.
Great putters have enormous confidence in their abilities.
Great putters work at their game.
Any great putter has an equal dose of tools and confidence.
Great quality is only possible with great vineyards, great winemaking and a great vintage.
Great quantities appear in the native markets, especially of El Salvador, Guatemala and Ecuador.
Great quantities are used in making gunny sacks or burlap bags.
Great quarters are nothing more than a compilation of great months.
Great quarterbacks are almost always irreplaceable.
Great quarterbacks can do that.
Great quarterbacks make great plays in great games.
Great quarterbacks rise to the moment.
Great quarterbacks throwing to gifted receivers can still put points up in boxcars.
Great question means no intellectual-style thinking.
Great quips are alike in many ways.
Great quotes can come from many sources.
Some great quotes are there - and warnings as well.
Great race courses with consistant wind at the unique amphitheater style venue.
Great race courses with consistant wind at the unquie amphitheater style venue.
Great race reports.
Great Race scoring for class championships and overall positions is determined by two sets of rules.
Some great race reports.
Great rarities are for sale, side by side with the commonest of species.
Great Rate offers a lower mortgage interest rate.
Great rates are available in other states, too.
Great rates are now available for the spring season.
Great recipes are available upon request.
All great recipes have a story.
Many great recipes use bread in one fashion or another.
Some great recipes follow guidelines.
Great records are like that too.
Great records are the result of circumstance and a certain chemistry.
All great recruits are receivers in high school.
Great red stems, too.
Great refs understand that managing a difficult coach requires great skill.
Great reference guides to various business topics.
Great refreshment stops.
Great relationships begin with loving thoughts and deeds.
Great relationships happen naturally in the course of living life well.
Great relationships start here.
Great reliability lessens downtime and increases productivity.
Great relief is obtained with no medication side effects.
Great religion is based on some deeper transaction.
Great religions have great staying power.
All great religions represent the upsurge of religious emotions and religious attitudes.
Every great religion has noble teachings and lofty moral goals.
Great renovations begin with clear plans.
Great reptiles rule the air, the sea and the land.
Great research begins with a great idea.
Great research is a delicate thing.
Great resources exist on the Web.
Many great resources are available for free or very little cost.
Great respect is mandatory.
Great restaurants abound on South Street.
Great restaurants abound.
Great restaurants are abundant in the Jackson area.
Great restaurants are all around, as are some of the city's best shopping districts and arts venues.
Great restaurants are everywhere and they serve up some incredible meals.
Great restaurants are within minutes of the inn.
Great restaurants have great wine lists, but they require thought and skill to create.
Every great restaurant needs an inspiration, if it is indeed to become a great restaurant.
Many great restaurants are within walking distance.
Great results are usually evidence of toilsome, exacting labor behind the scenes.
Great results can come about from working toward meaningful goals.
Great results come from great leadership.
Great results come from hard work, focused attention, and the insights that come from experience.
Great results hang upon the issue of the battle.
Great resumes are ones in which every piece of information points to a clear occupational objective.
Great revelations are almost certain to be balanced by great temptations.
Great review exercises for classrooms or home use.
Great revival is on the way.
Great rewards are possible in sales, but success there, as anywhere else, demands excellence.
Great rewards can accrue from such an encounter.
Great riches are to be found in the forests and the mineral resources of the province.
Great ride needs the updating they have been talking about a year after it open.
Great riders compete, good spectator sport.
Great rigidity is developed from the exclusive method of tufting.
Every great rivalry has to begin somewhere.
Every great rivalry has to start somewhere.
Great rivers flow into sea.
Many great rivers are fully of the wilderness.
Most great rivers flow into sea.
Great road ride for the fit minded and bodied person.
Great rock is rare.
Great rock starts with aluminum.
Great romance is always in order.
All great romances end eventually, and the living are left to make sense of it.
Great room exudes a genuine warmth and invitation to sit and stay awhile.
Great room features custom fireplace.
Great room features high efficiency gas stove and wood flooring.
Great room features two conversation areas around a peninsula fireplace.
Great room has a fieldstone fireplace with a vaulted ceiling.
Great room has beautiful wood and marble fireplace.
Great room has brick fireplace and vaulted ceiling.
Great room has cathedral ceiling and gas fireplace.
Great room has corner fireplace leading onto the covered rear porch.
Great room has corner fireplace with vaulted ceiling.
Great room has fireplace and open above to second floor.
Great room has fireplace and trey ceiling.
Great room has fireplace leading to the covered screen porch.
Great room has fireplace, loads of storage space and a completely fenced in yard.
Great room has fireplace.
Great room has pool table and bar.
Great room has spacious living and dining area with a large fieldstone fireplace.
Great room has stone look fireplace with oak mantle.
Great room has vaulted ceilings finished in clear cedar, huge double-sided stone and tile fireplace.
Great room has wood burning fireplace with glass doors.
Great room has wood burning fireplace with vaulted ceiling adjacent to large eat in kitchen.
Great room is vaulted and has a gas fireplace.
Great room is vaulted with stained wood wall surrounding the fireplace.
Great room offers everything for family entertaining and enjoyment.
Great room opens on to oversized redwood deck that goes around the house.
Great room opens to rear deck and patio with landscaped flower beds.
Great room opens to the kitchen for casual entertaining or pretty enough for company.
Great roots catalog.
Great rubies display all three hallmarks.
Great runners exhibit good sportsmanship.
Great sacrifice is made and pain is endured for a person to display resilience.
Great sages have childlike natures.
Great salads begin with crisp, fresh greens.
Great sales copy offers guarantees, bonuses and all sorts of great promises.
Great salespeople are in high demand.
Great salespeople are masters at presentation.
Great salespeople have clear definitions of what constitutes a lead.
Great salespeople have many traits in common.
Great salespeople have no problem using the phone to describe the results they deliver.
Great salespersons know that reaching quota requires volume.
Great salvation comes to the weak through sincere effort in loving.
Every great sandwich begins with fresh bread.
Great satire is grounded in reality.
Great satire needs great buffoons .
Great satisfaction can come in helping others.
Great satisfaction comes from squaring away a new boat and boater.
Great satisfaction comes from the cooperation among all the stake holders in the community.
Great savings are to be made.
Some great sax sounds, as well as others.
Great scars show how severely the bulls punish each other in their jealous fights.
Great scenes abound.
Great scent blend including vanilla and gardenia.
Great schools are a priority.
Great schools ask everyone to stretch.
Great schools benefit everyone in a community.
Great schools depend on a great staff.
Great schools have several common characteristics.
Great schools keep property values up and attract new families to our community.
Every great school has many aspects that make it that way, but there are two that are crucial.
Great science begins with questions.
Great science is hard to plan in a rigid and well-controlled manner.
Great science is replaced by greater science.
Great science needs negative results, too.
Great scientists are often atheists.
Great scientists meet.
All great scientists are college graduates.
Many great scientists are superlative in the applications of theory.
Great scorers do more than just shoot the puck in the direction of the goal, they pick their spots.
Great scorers earn the respect of the defenders they play against.
Great scorers have that happen.
Most great scorers have their commitment to defense thrown back in their face.
Great screenplays are the fuel that fire the engines of success .
Great scripts are hard to come by.
Great seas run before violent storms.
Great seafood buffet in off-season.
Great seafood is now just a click or phone call away.
Great seamstresses can pull apart adult garments and reuse the fabric for children's clothes.
Great search features.
Great season is redemption.
Great seats are avilable as late as game time.
Great seats are still available for all four games.
Great seats are still available for all three days of racing action.
Great seats are still available in all other grandstands and price categories.
Great seats are still available in all price ranges and all grandstands.
Great seats are still available in each of the price categories shown below.
Great seats are still available.
Great seats remain in all grandstands and price ranges for both races.
Great security is promised to believers in the midst of danger.
Great sensitivity is a basic requirement in the Jewish attitude toward sex.
Great sensuality follows from soul connection.
Great sergeants are also able to create a sense of duty.
Great service begins when the phone rings.
Great service comes from great agents, and workforce management software can help.
Great service happens when ordinary people do ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Great service is a way of life.
Great service is always in season.
Great service is an art.
Great service is easy to promise and hard to deliver.
Great service is easy to talk about, but hard to provide.
Great service is on the menu as well.
Great service is so rare and a special surprise is even less frequent.
Great service is vital today with our clients' busy schedules.
Great service leads to a successful business.
Great service requires cutting-edge technology.
Great service results in great referrals.
Great service starts with a good attitude.
Great services deserve a link here.
Great sex begins with a great relationship.
Great sex can be great art.
Great sex demands emotional presence from the partners.
Great sex involves constant tending, nurturing, and caring.
Great sex involves more than just a big penis.
Great sex is a combination of technique, practice and chemistry.
Great sex is about a lot more than penetration with a penis .
Great sex is about learning how to relax enough to enjoy the moment.
Great sex is emotional starlight.
Great sex is the stuff fantasies are made of.
Great sex is undertaken by two separate bodies, kosher sex by two halves of the same soul.
Great shit happens when it's ready.
Great shoe wears well.
Great shooters are great players.
Great Shooters believe in themselves.
Great shooters have confidence in themselves and they love to practice, they love to shoot.
Great shopping is within easy walking distance.
Great show draws a big crowd.
Great show is made of the hearts, and exaggerated hugs.
Many great shrines are today only known by their names.
All great sides pass it well.
Great sight keep up the good work.
Great sins reject it entirely.
Great singers celebrate the essential contribution of vocalists to the development of jazz.
Great singers come from the land.
Great singers control their voices through bone conduction.
Great singers stay flexible, stay in shape, and stay on the cutting edge of what they do.
Every great singer knows that singing is part attitude.
Some great singers do little to train, yet out of their mouths springs rapture.
Great site come back soon.
Great site enjoy it very much.
Great site hope to see much more.
Great site includes thought-provoking poems and stories.
Great site keep it up.
Great site keep up the good work.
Great site keep up the work for the Kingdom.
Great Site Look around in there.
Great site withe massive archives of all the goodies.
Great sites have original, unique, regularly-changing content.
Many great sites fail to get noticed.
Some great sites answer that question.
Some great sites are at the bottom of the page.
Some great sites link to questionable sites.
Great skater can move puck, create offense and is good defensively.
Great skiing starts with being in shape to handle it.
Great skill is needed to guide tbe horse and sulky in the tight quarters of a high speed race.
Great skill is required for laying terrazzo.
Great skill is required to do so accurately.
Great skill looks clumsy.
Great skin is just a click away.
Great snorkeling is available.
Great snow helps, but history helps too.
Great snows are the greatest challenge to measure.
Great software can help lift that child s spirits through a prolonged period of recovery.
Great software downloads from games to screen savers.
Great software is as much art as engineering, presenting a clear point of view.
Great soil is the key to growing great veggies.
Great solos are like great speeches or sermons.
Great song hits.
Great song lyrics.
Great songs are hard to find, but even harder to get recorded.
Great songs can transcend style.
Great songs help.
Great songs make great performances.
Great songs melt with mediocre ones.
More great songs are available on The Michael Dickes Situation Website .
More great songs reinforce a simplified approach to fingerboard harmony.
Great sonority reigns in the bottom two-thirds of the low register on both clarinet and saxophone.
Great sorrow is transcendent.
Great sound is just the beginning.
Great sound is of course absolutely imperative.
Great sounds are easy to get.
Great soup is at hand.
Great soups change daily.
Great sources are kale and collards, beets and turnip tops.
Some great specials last only a short while.
Great speed limits maneuverability.
Great spenders are bad lenders.
Great sport begins at a point where it has ceased to be healthy.
Great sportsmanship is a strong and consistent quality.
Great spot kiwi lives in dens.
Great springtime play for newer players.
Great stability makes it popular for carpentry levels, pattern making and backing for print plates .
Great stamina is required.
All great statesmen have it.
Great statistics are also available here.
Great steaks begin with aged meat and end with careful cooking.
Great stocks share many of the same chart patterns.
Great stone monuments older than the pyramids.
Great storage equals great value.
Great storage is indeed one of life's true luxuries.
Great store is set by an adequate quality of both facilities and surroundings.
Great storms roll through here.
Great stories begin and end with people.
Great stories groom the sales process.
Great stories have highs and lows.
Great stories impart cultural information and values while they entertain.
Great stories vary the flow of words to keep a listener's attention.
All great stories have a tragic dimension.
Every great story comes with a cookbook.
Every great story has things that are left open for interpretation.
Every great story reveals some small piece of that magnificent mystery.
Great storytellers are also good listeners.
All great storytellers are wonderful liars.
Great straightness seems twisted.
Great strategies are a cause.
Great strategy is to use group study.
Great streets are the backbone of a well-designed community.
Great streets come in all sizes and types.
Great strength can arise from discovery.
Great strength is needed in the upper body to maintain the tension between partners.
Great strengths are usually great weaknesses, and surprisingly often the opposite is true as well.
Any great strength can present great vulnerabilities.
Great stress is laid on quality.
Great stress is laid on the spoken language.
Great stress is placed on both safety and authenticity.
Great stress is placed on ethics and values.
Great stress is put on providing proof with original documents.
Great stresses build up along the plate boundaries.
Great structure is evident in the wall-cloud with the cloud striations indicative of a mesocyclone.
All great structures begin as well-planned blueprints.
Great struggles lie ahead before all mankind is free.
Great struggles take time.
Great students are where excellence in education begins and ends.
Great students come to Texas from all over the world.
Great students draw conclusions.
Great students reflect great teachers.
Great stuff goes on in the East Side, but most people think of it in a negative way.
Great stuff is good theater.
Great stuff is interspersed with awful, stupid stuff on a bathroom wall.
Great stuff is right around the corner.
Great stuff tullos.
More great stuff is here .
Some great stuff comes up.
All great styles come from great cuts.
Great success demands great sacrifice.
Great success is commoner than great abilities.
Great success is followed by decline.
Great success is the fruit of great daring.
Great success requires sacrifice, diligence, education, and prayer.
Great successes call for proportionable returns.
Great summer get away.
Great sunset tours too.
Great sunsets are only a small part of it.
Great support is to respond to the user in a courteous and friendly manner.
Great surf reports for all of California coast.
Great surprises are in store.
Great sweater buys without the work.
Great System See the new computer section above.
Great talent can wins games.
Great talent is available at popular prices - seize the day.
Great talent returns on both sides of the ball.
Great talent shows itself late in life.
Great tapas are on offer, too, in the basement bar.
Great tasks confront it.
Great tasks require great effort.
Great taste comes from product recipes consisting of complex spice blends.
Great taste is important, and so is good value.
Great taste is just a pounce away.
Great teacher reasources as well as interactive games for each age group.
Great teachers are also life-long learners.
Great teachers are great because they always have something else to try.
Great teachers are great leaders in their classrooms.
Great teachers are less concerned with technology than with nature.
Great teachers are patient .
Great teachers are patient.
Great teachers ask great questions.
Great teachers create a common ground of intellectual commitment.
Great teachers create a commonground of intellectual commitment.
Great teachers create living bridges between their disciplines and the fresh minds of students.
Great teachers engage, excite and challenge students.
Great teachers establish great rapport.
Great teachers find great charter schools.
Great teachers gift with apples painted or stenciled on it.
Great teachers have a style.
Great teachers have passion.
Great teachers improvise.
Great teachers influence and are influenced by their students.
Great teachers inspire and motivate others.
Great teachers know how to put learning into context.
Great teachers know that learning and teaching are lifelong processes that go hand in hand.
Great teachers live their subject.
Great teachers make great schools.
Great teachers share something of themselves.
Great teachers teach children to love reading.
Every great teacher communicates one central truth.
Some great teachers eat animals.
Great teaching brings convergence.
Great teaching helps people apply the truth to daily living.
Great teaching is grounded in scholarship that transcends mere classroom performance.
Great teaching is important to the world.
Great teaching is itself a kind of mystery.
Great teaching is the result of dedication, exceptional ability and extra effort.
Great teaching provides excellent education and ratios are finally irrelevant.
Great team work on everyone's part.
Great teams are about the future and getting the next job done.
Great teams are online.
Great teams attack life together.
Great teams can do that.
Great teams develop when talents and personalities mesh.
Great teams do great things.
Great teams find a way to win still when they play bad.
Great teams finish people off.
Great teams finish things up .
Great teams get things done that matter .
Great teams have depth and their players complement each other.
Great teams have great logistics.
Great teams have great relationships because people are doing great work together.
Great teams have members that lead when called on to do so.
Great teams have some fun.
Great teams hug one another.
Great teams know how to score, or at least come close, even against massed defenses.
Great teams live life together.
Great teams look forward.
Great teams make companies great.
Great teams make great plays to save games.
Great teams make things happen.
Great teams play great defense.
Great teams stand the test of time.
Great teams stand up for each other.
Great teams sustain an effort and minimize the down time that they go through.
Great teams take shitty calls in stride and go in for the kill.
Great teams thrive under that kind of pressure.
Great teams trust each other .
Great teams win championships in practice.
Great teams win the difficult games.
Great teams work through situations like that.
All great teams are capable of maintaining possession of the ball under pressure.
All great teams have dynamic leaders who set the tone.
Any great team takes the ball away.
Any great team wins because they play as a team.
Every great team needs a diverse collection of talented people.
Every great team needs two great players.
Great teamwork can overcome great talent.
Great teamwork needs organization and direction.
Great technologies breed great architecture.
Great technology is one thing, but end users only care about what it does.
Great technology is only great if it works.
Great technology reviews, too.
Great tee shirts too.
Great tenants are like gold.
Great tennis matches up well against good sex.
Great tension arises in the family.
Great tensions exist between the Earth and the colonists of Mars.
Great test features for hardware testing and CD-R over burn capacity measuring.
Great tests are great gifts.
Great theater comes in small spaces.
Great theatre begins with the playwright.
Great theatre strengthens our faculty to face it.
Great themes have a certain advantage in that there's a lot of space to move around in.
Every great theme comes with a set of custom cursors.
Great things are about to happen.
Great things are always near things.
Great things are but the composite of little things done well.
Great things are coming, patience is a virtue.
Great things are down the road.
Great things are in the making.
Great things are on the horizon for video game enthusiasts.
Great things are on the horizon.
Great things are on the way.
Great things are possible when scientists work together on a common problem.
Great things are so close, and so easy to get to, people so friendly.
Great things are to be learned and ripped off here.
Great things can come from thinking small.
Great things can follow.
Great things can grow from a small seed.
Great things can happen in the midst of suffering.
Great things can happen through teamwork, trust and collaboration.
Great things can happen when leaders show wise judgment.
Great things can happen when powerful forces work together toward a common goal.
Great things come from Cache Valley.
Great things come from humble beginnings.
Great things come from such humble beginnings.
Great things come in large packadges.
Great things come in little packages.
Great things come in small packages sometimes.
Great things come in small packages.
Great things come out of a contract research and development relationship.
Great things come to some men of inspiration.
Great things continue to happen at Ozarks.
Great things continue to happen everyday.
Great things do come in small packages.
Great things enrich one's life in every way.
Great things evolve from a solid base, and the base at the time was shaky at best.
Great things flood in.
Great things happen because of great people.
Great things happen in Dayton, Ohio.
Great things happen in University City.
Great things happen on the swings.
Great things happen through small means.
Great things happen to great people.
Great things happen to people who make great things happen to themselves.
Great things happen when both hemispheres work together.
Great things happen when seeds of growth are planted.
Great things happen when stencil designs are combined and when portions of a design are isolated.
Great things happen when students become participants rather than observers.
Great things happen with talent, hard work, and luck.
Great things happen with the speed of thought.
Great things happen.
Great things have small beginnings.
Great things lie ahead.
Great things require a great price in the form of determined meditations.
Great things willfollow.
All great things come from the inspired genius of one man.
All great things happen suddenly, birth or death, rise or fall, they take place in one instant.
All great things happen with a plan.
All great things have a down side.
All great things have mascots.
All great things require attention, love and time.
All great things start small.
All great things start with a simple idea.
All great things start with someone's dream.
Every great thing has a gestation period.
Every great thing is done in spite of something.
Many great things are like that.
Many great things are possible here, though it certainly does take patience.
Many great things are yet to come.
Some great things happen and no one knows why.
Great thinkers gather for inspirational conversations.
All great thinkers are people who dare to be themselves.
Many great thinkers struggle with passing their thoughts and insights on to others.
Most great thinkers grow into wisdom only after years of hard mental labor.
Some great thinkers offer their ideas.
Great thought can change the world.
Great thought transmutes great Art into love.
Great thoughts come from the heart .
Great thoughts come from the heart.
Great thoughts develop slowly.
Great thoughts hallow any labor.
Great thoughts have a way of reappearing in every age.
Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind.
Great tickets are still available for Soldier Hollow and are very affordable.
Great times are available for moms, home schoolers, or anyone with a flexible schedule.
Great times await the open minded traveler.
Great tits classify songs by individual voice characteristics.
Great tits feed on insects, such as caterpillars and spiders, seeds, like beech mast, and berries.
Great tits have blue and yellow plumage with a black cap.
Great tone look and feel.
Great tool is the multi-country search.
Great tools do slow work.
Many great tools exist for managing projects.
Great touches abound.
Great tracks abound.
Every great trader sets goals and every great trader spends time and money on education.
Many great traders use periods after drawdowns to go back to the drawing board.
Great tradition surrounds the Miner basketball program.
Great tragedies enlarge the heart.
Great trails abound.
Great trails lead from the Valley to landmark sights offering varied challenges.
Great trails offer great diversions.
Some great trails originate here, featuring cliff-side panoramas and tramps through highland forest.
Great trainers talk about their art.
Great translations series Great translations for actors series.
Great travel is about individual choices.
Great treasures make themselves available to the willing student.
Great trees reach above shaded hollows and dappled glens.
Great trials seem to be a necessary preparation for great duties.
Great Trip is No.
Great trivia treat.
Great trouble is taken to harvest the grapes as late as is possible to ensure the fullest ripeness.
Great trust expresses itself in the face of great insecurity.
Great trust is placed in nurses.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
All great truths begin in blasphemy.
Great tunes land great picking by the masters.
Great tunes oan great discs.
Great type shows instantly.
Great uncertainty prevails here as well.
Great uncertainty surrounds the energy prices.
Great unit has many uses.
Great units begin with great leaders.
Great universities are exactly that, visionary institutions, built, stone after stone, to last.
Great universities enrich both individuals and economies, creating greater opportunity for all.
Great universities have extensive libraries.
Great universities have high expectations for themselves and for their students.
Great universities provide direction for their communities and service for their needs.
Great universities take generations to grow.
All great universities are more than an accumulation of professional schools.
All great universities share a tradition of honors programs.
Every great university is built on a strong foundation.
Most great universities are in or near large cities.
Great use is made of it in terms of supporting information technologies, both hardware and software.
Great use is made of off-screen movement to indicate the limiting effect of the frame.
Great use is made of personal testimony.
Great utilities are often the magic cure for what ails our productivity.
Great vacation getaway to enjoy pool and beach.
Great vacation retreat.
Great vacations start here.
Any great vacation deserves pictures.
Every great vacation starts with great ideas.
Great value buy.
Great value is assigned to independence, individual opinions, and teamwork.
Great value is due for their committment in building California to what is today.
Great value is one reason for the golf north explosion.
Great value is placed on family, extended family, and church family.
Great value is placed on teamwork.
Great value is placed on the achievements of each Spelman woman.
Great value is placed on the knowledge and experience of mature individuals.
Great value is possible and within the reach of all condominium owners.
Great value is realized in sharing questions and strategies for advancing the Kingdom.
Great value is set on honesty and fairness toward customers, staff and suppliers.
Great value is set on Moral character, patience, and observence of ethical order.
Great value pick.
More great values arrive here all the time.
Great variability exists in the experiencing of hot flashes in menopausal women.
Great variability is evident in the frequency of episode recurrence and duration.
Great variation exists among human societies today with respect to sex specific behaviors.
Great variation exists in color, leaf width and internode length.
Great variation exists, and programs are interested in future initiatives.
Great variation occurs in shapes.
Great variation occurs in shell shapes.
Great variations exist in the susceptibility of squash and pumpkin varieties.
Great variations exist in the susceptibility of squash varieties.
Most great variation occurs in shapes.
Most great variation occurs in shell shapes.
Great variety exists in form and size, giving the creative gardener many planting options.
Great vehicles are our passion.
Great veins stretch throughout Canada and the United States many hundreds of feet below land.
Great veneer deserves a great finish.
Great ventilation is provided throughout by six opening ports and three opening hatches.
Great vibes are undoubtedly a good sign in deciding to purchase a home.
Great views form the back decks.
Great views look out over the bay, and a point of land, into the main body of Crystal Lake.
Great villains deserve better.
Great vinyl is often less expensive than reissues or CDs.
Great virtue seems hollow and empty.
All great virtues bear the imprint of self-denial.
Great visions are simple.
Great vistas reward the climber, however.
Great vow is infinite space, and great way is infinite time.
Great waiters are invisible.
Many great walks are nearby.
All great wall dives.
Great wankers make great condom artistes.
Great War battlefields and individuals made by people who visit the former battlefields themselves.
Great War relics,original uniforms, equipment, books.
All great warriors do such things.
Many great water rides for all ages, plus family shows.
Great waves are more variable and less predictable.
Some great waves are possible.
Some great ways are free.
Great weakness prevails at all times.
Great weakness spreads over the body.
Great wealth brings many additional cares, but few additional enjoyments.
Great wealth can bring great privacy.
Great wealth creates great responsibilities.
Great wealth existing side by side with poverty indicates a lack of solidarity in the community.
Great wealth exists alongside dire poverty.
Great wealth has the propensity to make people weak, to lower old standards.
Great wealth is a goal for some.
Great wealth is built from economic disequilibrium.
Great wealth is no better than moderate means unless a man's luck holds out to the end.
Great wealth makes possible great achievements.
Great weather combined with natural beauty are what people immediately find appealing.
Great websites are one thing.
Great weed can have a wide variety of smells.
Great weeks are nothing more than a compilation of great days.
Great weight is given to the effort made by an applicant in obtaining counsel.
Great weight is given to the findings made and inferences drawn by an agency on questions of fact.
Great white pelicans have short legs.
Great white sharks eat fish.
Great white sharks feed on animals.
Great white sharks feed on marine animals.
Great white sharks live in sea.
Great whites are a bit of a mystery to scientists too.
Great whites are considered social creatures that travel in a group called a school or a shoal.
Great whites are deathly afraid of accountants.
Great whites are relatively uncommon large predators that prefer cooler waters.
Great whites are the largest predatory fish on Earth.
Great whites attack their prey with a mouthful of razor sharp, serrated triangular teeth.
Great whites have a slaty brown or charcoal topside and white underside.
Great whites keep the ocean balanced.
Great whites migrate long distances.
Some great whitewater runs along Utah's section of the Colorado River.
Great wildflowers abound here in the spring.
Great wildlife habitat with oaks and pinion pine trees.
Great wildlife viewing opportunities abound.
Most great wins happen on the last play.
Great winds create fantastic windsurfing conditions.
Great wine begins in the vineyard.
Great wine comes from grapes that have a high concentration of colour and aromatic elements.
Great wine is made in many of the world's regions.
Great wines begin with great grapes.
Great wines come from old vines.
Great wines have complex finishes of long duration.
Great wines have rich, long, complex aftertastes.
Great wines have rich, long, complex finishes, also called aftertaste.
Great wines have rich, long, complex finishes.
All great wine is in a constant state of evolution, sometimes from day to day or decade to decade.
Most great wines have cork stoppers.
Great winters mean cross country skiing, snowshoeing, kicksledding and skating.
Great wisdom is needed here.
Great wisdom is to be exercised.
Great wit drives away wisdom.
Great wits are sure to madness near allied, And thin partitions do their bounds divide.
Great wordplay is just a click away.
Great work comes from a healthy combination of inspiration and perspiration.
Great work is a collaborative process that requires 'open, honest, and direct communication'.
Great work is infectious.
Great work is replaced with good work.
Great work keep it up.
Great work shines all around.
Great work suffers the most with artifacts that are unavoidable cross-platform.
Great works tend to appeal to 'educated' audiences on some levels and to all humanity on others.
All great work experiences aren t paid.
All great work is done in solitude.
Every great work begins small.
Every great work finds support in a group of people with a shared vision.
Every great work starts with a first sentence.
Many great works lend themselves to dramatization.
Great workers comp products from the nation's leading companies.
Great writers are only great because they know a lot about human behavior.
Great writers are the saints for the godless.
Great writers are, above all else, great readers.
Great writers can cover something bad and make it good.
Great writers deserve great fans.
Great writers expect people to read their works silently.
Great writers live that way.
Great writers understand how high tech works.
Great writers use the power of their subconscious mind.
Great writers work harder than any other writers.
Great writers write about the whole world at once.
Great writers write, then rewrite, rethink, and rewrite again.
All great writers have a plan.
Any great writer writes imaginatively.
Every great writer uses small words.
Many great writers keep on writing what is essentially the same book.
Most great writers end sentences with prepositions.
Great writing can change the world.
Great writing comes from great writers.
Great writing is great writing.
Great writing is in many ways a function of skilled reading.
Great writing presupposes the ability to alternate between the two sides.
Great writing represents a great company.
Great writing requires great reporting.
Great writing skills a plus.
Great yards start with great care.
A great year is a period
Great years are nothing more than a compilation of great quarters.
Great zucchini treat, anytime.
Greater access is needed.
Greater access leads to fewer barriers, in and out of the workplace.
Greater accountability is central to a modernising agenda.
Greater accountability is fostered at all levels.
Greater accountability means imposing real consequences for poor performance.
Greater accountability means that the same inflation outcome can be achieved at lower independence.
Greater accumulation means an expanded sediment record.
Greater accuracy requires more sample.
Greater accuracy requires photography from a lower height.
Greater achievement is required for promotion to higher ranks.
Greater achievements are ahead.
Greater achievements are possible if provided the resources to proceed.
Greater adventures are ahead.
Greater affluence means the region can afford to strike a healthier balance between work and play.
Greater airflow means faster drying.
Greater amberjack are among the largest, most aggressive reef fish found in the northern Gulf.
Greater amberjacks are the largest and most common amberjacks that live along the Gulf Coast.
Greater amounts are unlikely to be beneficial.
Greater aperture shows it as an intriguing object.
Greater aperture translates directly into greater light-gathering power.
Greater attention is given to changes in lecture or laboratory hours.
Greater attention is given to computer architecture, databases, data security and data storage.
Greater attention is required by consumers and public officials alike.
Greater attention needs to be paid therefore to what can be done to make ideas work.
Greater attention needs to be paid to risk identification and management.
Greater attention needs to be paid to the audience as well.
Greater awards are available to companies paying very high wages.
Greater awareness can breed frustration, of course.
Greater awareness lessens the fear many people have around same-sex marriage.
Greater balance is required for greater affinity and influence.
Greater bandwidth allows communication of more information in a given period of time.
Greater bandwidth enhances productivity for telecommuting.
Greater bandwidth indicates more data can be transmitted per second.
Greater bandwidth means less distortion and higher throughput on a transmission medium.
Greater bandwidth means more information can be sent through a given connection at the same time.
Greater benefits are possible for poor people with a more imaginative approach.
Greater bilbies are fossorial, found in areas of rocky and clayey soil.
Greater bilbies are protected under Australian law.
Greater camber gives greater lift at slower speeds.
Much greater capability is around the corner.
Greater capacity is available.
Greater capacity is one benefit afforded by the new machine.
Greater capacity is therefore available if the lines are kept short.
Greater capacity means less friction loss.
Greater care is needed in handling eggs through the disinfection and initial incubation stages.
Greater care is taken to locate wind projects away from migratory routes and feeding areas.
Greater care needs to be taken with plastics and other synthetics.
Greater certainty is difficult.
Greater challenges invite creating an accordion book and writing a new story.
Greater challenges lie ahead.
Much greater change lies just ahead.
Greater choice appears to be associated with a higher level of satisfaction.
Greater choice brings more options and thus increases the chance for greater pleasure.
Greater choice can help reduce costs and achieve better building performance.
Greater choice is available on online stores.
Greater choice provides the TV industry with more innovation, and a lower total solution cost.
Greater choices lead to greater consequences.
Greater choices translate into better solutions and lower risks.
Greater clearance is a result of wear or scrubbing of the teeth on the chamber wall.
Greater collaboration is desirable and necessary.
Greater comfort means greater efficiency throughout the day.
Greater communication tends to reduce hierarchical structures and empower all participants.
Greater competition intensifies decisions about how to best allocate resources across all demands.
Greater competitiveness is one motive.
Greater compliance means lower total cholesterol levels.
Greater compression is thought to force the electrons into a simple metallic lattice.
Greater compression means that more details can be kept when signals are sent in one channel.
Greater concentrations can result in unconsciousness or even death.
Greater concentrations mean more birds are likely to crash into windows.
Greater condemnation can mean nothing less than degrees of punishment.
Greater congruence builds faculty morale, after which much can achieved.
Greater consensus is needed on appropriate outcome measures for evaluating disability policy.
Greater consideration is given to manufacturing and industrial businesses.
Greater consistency is required as clients use services across practice groups.
Greater controversy exists involving the oarsmen of the Greek trireme.
Greater controversy exists over vaccination procedures under outbreak conditions.
Greater convenience can result from our new web-based courses.
Greater convenience entails greater risks, such stories seem to say.
Greater convenience means increased sales.
Greater coordination is achieved among faculty in the delivery of each year's courses.
Greater coordination is needed.
Greater coverage is good for both individual athletes and the school as a whole.
Greater curvature produces greater magnification.
Greater damage can cause incontinence, too.
Greater damage means higher liability costs.
Greater deaths gain greater portions.
Greater deaths win greater portions.
Greater decentralisation is likely.
Greater deliberation is called for.
Greater demand requires a larger percentage of collector-well water.
Greater densities provide better usage of transportation alternatives no matter which mode is used.
Greater density can mean a safer area.
Greater density means even lighter weight with added durability and sensitivity.
Greater depth allows for increased carrying capacity and better water shedding ability.
Greater depths are even better.
Greater depths are possible.
Greater detail can result by use of a shorter wavelength.
Greater detail improves clarity but is more costly.
Greater detail is available on the page for Structure.
Greater detail is needed to provide adequate definition of problems and solutions in many cases.
Greater detail is provided below in each of the areas covered by the proposed legislation.
Greater detail is provided in the book.
Greater detail is provided on each topic on the following pages.
Greater detail is represented with greater numbers of polygons and with higher resolution textures.
Greater detail makes the world increasing unpleasant.
Greater details are available on many interest sites.
Greater details follow in the newspaper the next day and in news magazines a few days later.
Greater differences are evident in the number of residents employed in the public sector.
Greater difficulty is encountered when lesions are few or when there is no history of exposure.
Greater dilutions seem to provide more electron and deuteron activity of the constructive type.
Greater discounts apply to more than four weeks.
Greater distance is created and more barriers to intimacy are placed in their relationship.
Greater distance means greater freedom during therapy.
Greater distances are always preferable and often necessary, depending on soil conditions.
Greater distances are available depending on antenna type, cable length and bandwidth.
Greater distances be-tween the anchors and nuts means more material is susceptible to expansion.
Greater distances require different methods.
Greater diversity can means greater thoroughness .
Greater diversity demonstrates a broader experience for every member.
Greater diversity is only possible when there are a minimum of pollution stresses in the stream.
Greater diversity makes unity harder to achieve.
Greater diversity means a superior gene pool through greater variation and complexity.
Greater diversity presents new challenges to facilitate learning.
Greater diversity provides for increased primary productivity and nutrient recycling.
Greater dollars spells greater accountability.
Greater donations are also quite welcome, of course.
Greater durability allows diesel manufacturers to offer longer warranties.
Greater economy is realized through the use of generic equivalents.
Greater effects occur with greater doses of teratogens.
Greater effectiveness builds community respect and job satisfaction.
Greater efficiency can reduce government's cost and help reduce the budget deficit.
Greater efficiency is obtained by addition of a small amount of urea.
Greater efficiency means savings that get passed on to the client so they enjoy better value.
Greater effort can exacerbate faulty patterns of action.
Greater effort is needed to retain the best clinical teachers within academic medical centers.
Greater efforts give greater flow rates.
Much greater emphasis is given to the control of overhead costs in service companies.
Much greater emphasis is placed on lead dust hazards and post-activity clearance testing.
Greater expansion demands greater funds.
Greater expertise is required in more areas.
Greater exposure brings with it, of course, an increased danger of drying out.
Greater exposures cause severe burns with possible blindness resulting.
Greater extremes are created.
Greater felicity is achieved in many ways, including using stronger verbs.
Greater fertility is associated with a younger age.
Greater flamingos are likely to be the only tall, pink bird in any given locale.
Greater flexibility allows a more normal gait during therapy.
Greater flexibility brings benefits of variation in the time and place of work to people in work.
Greater flexibility helps ensure patient compliance and better therapeutic outcomes.
Greater flexibility is available for single night use, but capacity is very limited.
Greater flexibility is now possible in connection with naming a trust as beneficiary.
Greater flexibility is possible.
Greater flexibility is provided for instruction.
Greater flexibility is provided for the elective courses beyond the core.
Greater fluency helps readers understand what is read.
Greater focus is required on measuring and improving the effectiveness of recruitment.
Greater fools are in greater demand than ever.
Greater freedom comes with the package, but so does greater risk.
Greater freedom does require greater responsibility.
Greater funding is provided for research to improve the braking and stability of heavy vehicles.
Greater gains are possible in some areas.
Greater grisons sleep during the day and hunt at night, dusk and dawn.
Greater hammerheads have an extremely tall dorsal fin.
Greater harm is done by the drug trade than by the drugs themselves.
Greater height indicates larger distance.
Greater hypertrophy occurs in fast-twitch fibers, probably because they are more reactive.
Greater imagination is required here.
Greater importance comes to be attached to criteria of quality.
Greater importance is given to female children.
Greater income gives individuals the ability to save more on their own account.
Greater influence is accorded people who demonstrate ability to add value.
Greater influence is exerted on peripheral subjects, shared values and social goals.
Much greater information is released from public companies.
Greater inputs mean greater costs to the grower.
Greater insight leads to more achievable solutions.
Greater intelligence is a by-product.
Greater intensity can improve results and shorten workout times.
Greater intensity results in faster genetic progress, selection differential is greater.
Greater intimacy means greater exposure of one's vulnerabilities.
Greater investment is needed in basic, clinical, preventive, and health services research.
Greater investments are necessary.
Greater involvement goes hand in hand with reacting to numerous request.
Greater joy is experienced by expressing it rather than receiving it.
Greater knowledge is certain to yield greater ability to restore the sick to health.
Greater knowledge is only a phone call away.
Greater knowledge means great accountability.
Greater knowledge seems to go together with a greater interest in vulnerability reduction.
A greater kudu is an antelope
Greater kudu are a large type of antelope.
Greater kudu are found in a variety of habitats throughout southern and eastern Africa.
Greater kudu are reddish brown to blue-gray in color.
Greater kudu prefer savannas, though they can live wherever a wide range of vegetation grows.
Greater kudu tend to stay mainly in woodland areas and grasslands where cover is more abundant.
Greater kudus are incredible jumpers.
Greater kudus are native to eastern and southern Africa.
Greater kudus are seasonal breeders.
Greater kudus are the second tallest antelope in Africa.
Greater leeway exists for small-scale experimentation.
Greater length provides for a deeper root system and more food reserves.
Greater leverage offers greater opportunities, but also greater risks.
Greater love has no man than to lay down.
Greater magnification tends to spread out the light and to amplify atmospheric distortions.
Greater mass accelrates faster and forces the rod and disk to rotate with greater energy.
Greater mass assures the pans are resistant to warping and promotes even heating.
Greater mass has greater gravitational pull.
Greater mass means greater surface gravity.
Greater mobility allows turkey to use larger areas than other upland game birds.
Greater moisture allows more nitrogen in the feed.
Greater moisture tends to accelerate development.
Greater motivation is provided with food or other tangible reinforcement.
Greater novelty is supported by richness and diversity.
Greater number provides more detailed trace.
Greater numbers cause more threads to wait for each other at barriers.
Greater numbers report a willingness to prescribe medical abortifacients.
Greater offenses can result in suspension or dismissal.
Greater offenses have greater point values.
Greater openness can also provide an opening for the gospel in very closed countries.
Greater openness increases vulnerability of economies and people.
Greater options can lead to a better fit, but also require doing more homework.
Greater ownership brings better results.
Greater participation is possible during school breaks and during the summer session.
Greater participation means greater success for all.
Greater participation occurs through the use of either pew pads or cards.
Greater participation seems to improve discipline during the once-raucous lunch period.
Greater participation translates into richer democracy and more representative policies.
Greater patience is required for the slowest taxa A. bravoanus, A. hintonii and A. scapharostrus.
Greater percentages indicate more light being reflected from the surface in question.
Greater persecution is the precondition to receive greater blessing.
Greater populations squeeze into the same living space resulting in increasing social tensions.
Greater potency means less has to be used compared to other brands.
Greater potential is evident in the support foundation idea.
Greater power is always attainable.
Greater precautions are necessary when mixing the concentrated material than when spraying.
Greater precision is usually illusory.
Greater pressure is obtained with a moderate pull.
Greater pressure results in larger and more-developed trees, and vice versa.
Greater priority needs to be given to timely response in the future.
Greater production is the key to prosperity and peace.
Greater productivity means less time and energy per unit of production.
Greater proficiency is needed for higher levels.
Greater profits are possible which finance more lawlessness, corruption and organized crime.
Greater profitability results through improved enterprise decision-making and responsiveness.
Greater progress can await subsequent meetings.
Greater progress is possible when all relevant information is integrated.
Greater range is achieved by using the optional antenna kit.
Greater range is achieved by using the optional auditorium antenna kit.
Greater range is possible if a better antenna or a radio repeater is used.
Greater reach is achieved on dispersion-limited channels.
Greater realism leads to physical intuition.
Greater redhorse are also present and are listed as a threatened species in Wisconsin.
Greater reduction is possible with lossy compression than with lossless schemes.
Greater reductions can be achieve in tight houses.
Greater relevance is given to keywords that appear closer to the top of the page.
Greater relevance means a higher ranking.
Greater reliability means less downtime and increased productivity.
Greater reliance is placed on the income approach to value, if adequate data is available.
Greater relief leads to increased frequency and magnitude of bedrock-involved landslides.
Greater resolutions provide no benefit on the Internet.
Greater resources can directly lead to greater local revenue for local government.
Greater responsibility lies on the shoulders of teachers.
Greater responsibility means greater freedom.
Greater restrictions apply to active duty military personnel.
Greater return is a function of risk.
Greater revenues demand greater capital.
Greater rheas are opportunistic eaters.
Greater rheas are polygamous, so males have many different mates.
Greater risk makes it worth less.
Greater risk translates into higher interest rates.
Greater risks are there simultaneously.
Greater roadrunners have a wide range of vocalizations.
Greater roadrunners make rudimentary nests out of sticks low in bushes or cacti.
Greater safety means fewer lawsuits against the police and better community relations.
Greater savings are available on larger quantities.
Greater savings are readily achievable with a little more effort and investment.
Greater savings is worth pursuing.
Greater scalability makes the networks more flexible.
A greater scaup is a duck
Greater scaups are larger, have rounder heads with a greenish gloss and longer wing stripes.
Much greater scrutiny is required.
Greater security alters their economic behavior.
Greater sensitivity means enhanced productivity.
Greater separation increases the coupling loss, resulting in decreased interference.
Greater separation is needed.
Greater separation translates into a reduction in the hourly arrival rate.
Greater shearwaters are a marine species distributed throughout the region of the Atlantic ocean.
Greater sirens are only active at night.
Greater sirens have lungs as well as gills, and gulp air from the water's surface.
Greater size offers more niches.
Greater slopes increase the runoff velocity and the movement of sediment carried in runoff.
Greater snows occur only in the white phase.
Greater snowfalls are likely, tending to increase the amount of ice.
Greater specialization leads to increasing interdependence among producers and consumers.
Greater speed means faster logic function performance, faster memory access and retrieval, etc.
Greater stewardship means stronger ministries.
Greater storage is available upon request.
Greater stretch runs length of the strip.
Greater success appears to have been achieved in drier areas.
Greater success is likely.
Greater talent shows itself late in life.
Greater temperature means faster moving particles.
Greater tilt angles cause more increased seasonal extremes.
Greater time is also devoted to French literature and poetry.
Greater transparency is an essential confidence-building measure.
Greater transparency is an essential requirement for real stability.
Greater understanding can lead to technological advances.
Greater understanding helps reduce uncertainty which inevitably accompanies change.
Greater understanding is key.
Greater understanding produces greater influence though greater affinity.
Greater unemployment leads to an angry electorate and a threat to the office holder's reelection.
Greater usage is associated with failing grades.
Greater use is made of drainage devices such as ditches and swales.
Greater value is placed on the unquestioned acceptance of the printed word.
Greater values are possible in special situations.
Greater values increase the level of smoothing.
Greater values indicate enhancement of the specific colour and, consequently, better visibility.
Greater variability is evidenced in subtraction, especially at earlier grade levels.
Greater variation is shown in the trading pattern with North America.
Greater variations appear in the interpretation.
Greater variations result in serious deformities, however.
Greater vaults are half as likely.
Greater visibility translates to greater profitability.
Greater volatility is probably the biggest risk that accompanies globalization.
Greater volume creates wider range of sound levels from very soft to very loud.
Greater volume means more trapped air, which in turn means warmer insulation.
Greater volumes are available in custom designed systems.
Greater wealth brings greater anxiety.
Greater wealth is only one of the reasons for suburbs.
Greater weight is given to an argument, with supporting evidence if needed, than to a simple vote.
Greater weight is given to the academic record.
Greater weight is given to the quality of work than to the number of hours completed.
Greater weight is provided to offers with lower costs.
Greater widths are preferred.
Greater workloads improve primarily force.
Greater yields are possible with good management and favorable weather conditions.
Greater yields come with greater volatility.
Greatest accumulations are on sheltered steep slopes, gullies and hollows.
Greatest activity occurs from late spring to early or mid-summer.
Greatest asset is client referrals.
Greatest attention is paid to detail.
Greatest attention is paid to media relations.
Greatest battle implement ever devised.
Greatest benefit is in second year.
Greatest buildup occurs during late summer.
Greatest care is taken to produce the most accurate and beautiful colors for each print.
Greatest concern is focused on brain and bones and mixed meats such as sausage.
Greatest concern is over headaches that are persistent, severe, or sudden in onset.
Greatest concern is the vessel management regime in the area.
Greatest cost is the stainless bolts to mount it to the frame.
Greatest damage comes from feeding on young plants.
Greatest damage is done during periods of dry weather.
Greatest damage occurs in seasons following mild winters.
Greatest degradation seems to occur in purple, azure, and green.
Greatest density implies largest distance.
Greatest deterioration occurs where drains are excavated.
Greatest distance wins.
Greatest efficacy is for non-specific airway obstruction.
Greatest expenses are labor for picking, pruning and hand fruit thinning.
Greatest happiness requires nearby beach.
Greatest injury occurs from early season defoliation, particularly on stressed plants.
Greatest instabilities are in the Texas panhandle, however, the greatest dynamics are further north.
Greatest interest seems likely to continue to come from Europe and to a lesser extent North America.
Greatest interests are in research and development areas.
Greatest length is five miles, and width, four and one-half.
Greatest loss occur in areas where mild to warm wet day time conditions are more frequent.
Greatest losses occur in crops which are infected early.
Greatest love is to lay down life.
Greatest needs exist for Spanish video and broadcast and training.
Greatest nova explode.
Greatest power is provided by the downstroke.
Greatest precision is obtained with a spectrophotometer.
Greatest problem is many State laws can be interpreted as requiring a manual pen and ink signature.
Greatest rest stops around.
Greatest safety is maintained by stopping before changing.
Greatest strengths are in the Americas and Eurasia.
Greatest stress is placed on the twentieth century, and on issues of nationalism and communism.
Greatest success comes in transplanting smaller plants.
Greatest success is achieved by helping others succeed instead of cut-throat competition.
Greatest success is achieved by helping others succeed rather than through cut-throat competition.
Greatest success is achieved if plants are cut first and then sprayed immediately afterward.
Greatest support comes from other parents.
Greatest threat is from contac t with skin.
Greatest threat is from contact with skin.
Greatest threat is loss of wet areas for breeding and larval development.
Greatest threat is urban sprawl.
Greatest torque is measured in graphite shafts than steel.
Greatest usage is with acoustical material such as acoustical ceiling tile.
Greatest use is for ground or bank covers.
Greatest use is the source of phosphorus for most common fertilizers.
Greatest values are the greatest happiness of the greatest number.
Greatest weakness is lack of strict leadership.
Greatest weight is given to the last two years of study.
Greatness abounds at work.
Greatness arises out of the common and the ordinary.
Greatness begins at home.
Greatness can flourish anywhere, and does.
Greatness clogg'd with scorn decays, With the slave no empire stays.
Greatness comes from focus.
Greatness comes from living with purpose and passion.
Greatness comes from the abilities and actions of the people.
Greatness comes in many forms.
Greatness comes in simple trappings.
Greatness comes to people who dare to be great.
Greatness comes with great acheivements.
Greatness definitely takes more effort than mediocrity, yet in the end it is no more difficult.
Greatness derives to heroism.
Greatness Does Have a Price.
Greatness does seem to rub off on other people.
Greatness exists in time, generating new ideas and more music.
Greatness falls on both sides of the family.
Greatness falls, time after time.
Greatness has a price, though.
Greatness has but a short life, it is righteousness alone that lives for ever.
Greatness Has Many Levels.
Greatness implies a responsible approach toward international affairs.
Greatness includes wholeness.
Greatness is a fleeting concept, like loyalty and continuity.
Greatness is a matter of contrast.
Greatness is a matter of opinion that encompasses the spectrum of human experience.
Greatness is a matter of style.
Greatness is a minimum requirement for such conditions to be improved.
Greatness is a process without end.
Greatness is a quality that some people develop more than others.
Greatness is a result of people.
Greatness is a state of mind - an attitude.
Greatness is a way of life.
Greatness is achieved by leading with the soul, and harnessing the passionate power of the body.
Greatness is as common aS that.
Greatness is balanced, and above and below respond to it.
Greatness is born in times of crisis and trouble.
Greatness is built on the achievement of others.
Greatness is contraction.
Greatness is defined purely in terms of power untempered by civilised conduct or compassion.
Greatness is diffrent from the money.
Greatness is displayed through the passionate and daring efforts of an athlete.
Greatness is easy to recognize.
Greatness is etched slowly, steadily, persistently.
Greatness is found in service.
Greatness is found when American character and American courage overcome American challenges.
Greatness is good, greatness is different, greatness is concordant.
Greatness is importance
Greatness is importance.
Greatness is in serving.
Greatness is likable with craziness because the mind is like a motor.
Greatness is measured by how much one gives and how much one shares.
Greatness is measured by our service to others.
Greatness is measured by the quality of one's legacy to posterity.
Greatness is measured in terms of truth to oneself AND the world.
Greatness is more than just getting better.
Greatness is no humility.
Greatness is now in the things of the white man.
Greatness is our destiny.
Greatness is our history and future.
Greatness is pretty subjective anyway.
Greatness is proven over the years.
Greatness is rare.
Greatness is related to justice and embodied by the just man.
Greatness is service.
Greatness is the dream of many but the achievement of few.
Greatness is the dream of youth realized in old age.
Greatness is the last and deepest of our taboos.
Greatness is there for the taking, and yesterday's speech seemed to reach for it.
Greatness is there to be reached.
Greatness is to be first found in one s own backyard.
Greatness is to be found in humility and servitude.
Greatness is to be found in servanthood.
Greatness is to be found in service.
Greatness knows itself.
Greatness means the individual units operating well to create a great company.
Greatness only comes during the hands-on process of production.
Greatness only goes so far without grit.
Greatness produces great effects.
Greatness requires depth, perspective, and service to others.
Greatness seems to have little to do with character and everything to do with power.
Greatness starts with superb people.
Greatness transcends labels.
Greatness often has so little to do with fun.
All greatness is improbable.
All greatness is merciful.
A greave is a shell
Greaves advises parents to look at school policies.
Greaves is an all-women building.
A grebe is a sea bird
Grebes also eat their own feathers, and even feed feathers to their newborns.
Grebes are also diving birds.
Grebes are birds.
Grebes are fed feathers with which to line the stomach, and so protect it from fish bones.
Grebes are fish-eating diving birds with squat bodies, small heads, and short tails.
Grebes are live fish eaters, and are fed live goldfish while they recover.
Grebes are very abundant now.
Grebes are waterfowls.
Grebes build platform nests over water using aquatic weeds.
Grebes can have long or short bills .
Grebes can have long or short bills.
Grebes dance every time the pair meets , and the dance varies according to the circumstance .
Grebes dance every time the pair meets, and the dance varies according to the circumstance.
Grebes dive to avoid our bow which is pointed towards the site of the former spire.
Grebes have a breeding season plumage and a winter plumage from autumn to spring.
Grebes have complex courtship rituals, including dancing in pairs on the water.
Grebes have narrow wings .
Grebes have narrow wings.
Grebes have soft, thick, lustrous feathers.
Grebes lay white eggs that become stained and cryptically colored over time.
Grebes make their nest from plants found in the water .
Grebes make their nest from plants found in the water.
Grebes only migrate if they live in North America , Europe or Asia .
Grebes only migrate if they live in North America, Europe or Asia.
Grebes seem mysterious in other ways.
Many grebes ussually mate at the same time.
Most grebes are a medium or large size .
Most grebes are a medium or large size.
Most grebes are black and white with little sexual dimorphism.
Most grebes can fly well, but do so rather infrequently once settled down on a particular water.
Some grebes do a mating ritual.
Some grebes find it difficult to fly .
Some grebes find it difficult to fly.
Some grebes find it difficult to walk on land because their feet are so big .
Some grebes find it difficult to walk on land because their feet are so big.
Grecian History Take a look at the history of Greece when it was a part of the Ottoman Empire.
Grecian urns suck.
Grecian wallflower is an early spring bloomer.
Grecian wallflower is excellent for naturalizing an area and for rock gardens.
Greece isa thing.
Greed acts more quickly than fear and causes stocks to drop from their own weight.
Greed alone can result into evils.
Greed blinds idiots.
Greed causes a desire to gets.
Greed causes a desire to lies.
Greed churns parts of the Earth into comforts for many, cash for few.
Greed drives people.
Greed drives so many of the damaging systems of our planet.
Greed fuels the drug business.
Greed grows in proportion as it is fed.
Greed inflates the importance of time to where it controls our lives.
Greed is covetousness, with covetousness being a foundation stone in all of the seven deadly sins.
Greed is desire
Greed is desire.
Greed is emotion.
Greed is evil.
Greed is human emotion.
Greed kills more men than steel.
Greed knows no bounds, even when the situation is life threatening.
Greed knows no law but the survival of the strongest.
Greed motivates people in unimaginable ways.
Greed moves mountains.
Greed overtakes friendship in the search for gold.
Greed permeates almost every aspect of the film, and it becomes sickening to watch.
Greed plays heavily into the picture.
Greed propels the markets to extremes.
Greed reduces life to money or boredom.
Greed shows in other ways too.
Greed starts innocently enough, with motivation.
Greed thus feeds on apathy and ignorance.
Greed works that way.
Greed wounds more wallets than all the dice tables and horse tracks in America.
Greed often motivates otherwise good people.
All greed is the other side of the coin of fear.
Greedy approximation algorithms for finding dense components in a graph.
Greedy brother gets tons of gifts.
Greedy businessmen keep all their money in metal lockers inside their penthouses.
Greedy executives abhor ethical behavior, and ethical executives abhor greed.
Greedy investors are even worse off.
Greedy lawyers get people looking to get as much money as possible from the insurance company.
Greedy men are cheap and plentiful.
Greedy men keep food.
Most greedy men keep food.
Greedy mantids can sometimes grab a second prey while still munching on the first one.
Greedy mercenaries find the mummy's body and resurrect it for a second time.
Greedy peasants thwart state political attempts to protect the oil cartel's monopoly pricing.
Greedy people are spiritually bankrupt.
Greedy people looking for a quick dollar are usually the only ones who fall for such a scheme.
Greedy persons are never satisfied.
Greedy players don t know how to lose.
Greedy players make big losers.
Greedy relatives gather 'round.
Greedy turtles demand more than half, modest less than half, and just turtles demand exactly half.
Greek alumni are more satisfied with their social experiences in college than non-Greeks.
Greek ancestry is very unlikely.
Greek art goes through three distinct phases.
Greek art has six movements.
Greek art is rich in lewd imagery, of course.
Greek artillery continues to bombard the Italian positions without interruption.
Some Greek artists are famous in Romania.
Greek artwork depicts the amazon armies of Europe wielding labrys weapons.
Greek astronomers estimate circumferences.
Greek astronomers help form the foundation for modern astronomy.
Greek astronomers make discoveries.
Greek astronomers repeat calculations.
Most greek astronomers make discoveries.
Greek astronomy reflects eclipse.
Most greek astronomy reflects eclipse.
Greek atomism is related to the problems which pre-dated it.
Greek attack begins well, but one hero after another is wounded and has to withdraw.
Greek authors are just as varied.
Greek Authors Explore the lives and works of some important ancient Greek writers.
Greek authorities believe domestic drug abuse is growing, especially the use of heroin.
Greek authorities continue their investigations into the matter.
Greek authorities report increasing cocaine shipments from Colombia to Greece.
Greek authorities report that drug abuse, particularly of heroin, is increasing.
Greek banks are enthusiastic participants in Turkish syndicated loans.
Some greek botanists mention types.
Greek businessmen show a great interest in the cooperation with their Macedonian colleagues.
Greek businessmen understand the local mentality.
Greek chapters are self-governing.
Many Greek chapters have their own houses within several blocks of the campus.
Greek characters are here .
Greek characters phlegmatic choleric etc.
Greek cities revolt against Macedonian rule but to no avail.
Greek civilization is considered the most glorious of all ancient civilizations.
Greek civilization is linked, part and parcel, to the oppression of women.
Greek coffee is served thick and strong, and sugared according to taste.
Greek coffee is similar to Arabian coffee.
Greek coins allow specialty from several angles.
All Greek columns consist of both a shaft and a capital, and sometimes there is a base as well.
Greek companies are now major players in some Balkan economies.
Greek companies can be a driving force in regional reconstruction and development.
Greek construction is here.
Greek contractors are keen to take a share of foreign aid-assisted reconstruction projects.
Greek cooks use a lot of artichokes, eggplant and spinach.
Greek cooks use a lot of garlic, thyme, oregano, rosemary, and mint.
Greek cooking boasts a rich variety of poultry and seafood dishes.
Greek cuisine has much in common with the food generally found in East Mediterranean countries.
Greek cuisine offers several plant-based entrees.
Greek culture is what the Roman schools of grammar, rhetoric and philosophy taught.
Greek CVs are exhaustive and detailed, and normally in chronological order.
Greek dance is taught to elementary students.
Greek dances offer a folk vocabulary easily grafted onto American worship.
Greek dancers entertain their eager audience at the festival.
Greek dancing is popular because it is accessible to many types of people.
Most Greek desserts are high in fat and sugar.
Most Greek desserts are high in fat.
Greek dinners come with choice of soup or salad.
Greek dishes feature mostly fish and lamb.
Greek enterprises are already active in the neighbouring country in the form of joint ventures.
Greek exports are limited to chipboards of negligible amounts.
Greek families give less and less birth to children The Greek Language.
Greek ferries are generally on time and reasonably clean.
Greek festivals are lots of fun.
Greek fishermen cover their catch with rosemary to retard spoilage.
Greek flavoring is never spicy.
Many Greek fonts use the upper ascii characters.
Greek food is delicious, but for some reason many Japanese people have never tasted it.
Greek food is good.
Greek food is tasty but is often heavy on the oil and can cause upset stomach.
Greek food is the cuisine, and there's a special kids' menu.
Greek friendships last a lifetime.
Greek geometry is the most important of the foundations from which modern mathematics sprang.
Greek gods act like presidents.
Most Greek gods are anthropomorphic.
Some greek gods have stories.
Greek grammar is considered a prerequisite.
Greek grapes are great.
Greek groups ask also for yet more commitment.
Greek harp turns up at last in semi precious stone setting.
Greek headmasters are neither responsible nor focused on instruction.
Greek history is also a series of northern invasions.
Greek history yields various facts of like meaning.
Greek honey has specific physical and chemical characteristics.
Greek hospitality is famous, and with reason.
Greek houses are about everyone's involvement.
Greek houses are houses.
Greek houses are the prime site for social life, but there are some options.
Greek houses are university approved housing and freshman can live in a Greek house.
Greek houses have responsibilities that go along with setting their own living rules.
Greek houses hold scheduled meetings that are mandatory for all members.
Greek houses provide a very social environment for students.
Many Greek houses are older buildings of balloon construction with open stairways.
Greek idioms Following is a question sent via private e-mail.
Greek influence is also visible.
Greek inscriptions are still visible above the doorway.
Greek islands are perfect for summer holidays.
Greek islands yachting cruising and charter sailing Greece is everybody's dream.
Some Greek islands are a few miles away from the Turkish coast.
Greek jewelry offers a lot of creativity in design, low labor costs and very good technicians.
Greek jewelry represents an integral part of the country's society and culture.
Greek junta takes over.
Every Greek kid looks forward to marching in that parade.
Greek language has several words for our meaning of Love.
Greek leaders face a challenging position on a college campus.
Greek leadership has a proven track record.
Greek legend explains the origin of the cypress tree in a story of mourning.
Greek legend says that Hercules was once seriously wounded here.
Greek legends contain many unforgettably wicked females.
Greek legends tell two stories of how the gardens came to be.
Greek letter take away individuality.
Greek letters are acceptable.
Greek letters are also available.
Greek letters are located in fraternity houses.
All Greek letters are capitols.
Greek lexicographers say it is a proper name for a science founded on a knowledge of bones.
Greek life can be a rewarding experience and truly enrich the lives of all who participate.
Greek life can be a very rewarding and exciting experience.
Greek Life can be an important part of the college experience.
Greek life can supply that new family with experiences that can enrich a student's college days.
Greek life dominates campus.
Greek life enhances the social experience in a relaxed atmosphere.
Greek life gives students a chance to succeed and grow as individuals.
Greek life has a long tradition at Dickinson.
Greek life is a great way to become involved on campus and meet great people.
Greek life is a major industry, attracting beaucoup convention dollars.
Greek life is a place where members can grow and rise to their fullest potential.
Greek life is a popular choice for many students.
Greek life is a time when friendships develop through living, studying, and working together.
Greek life is an important aspect of our university.
Greek life is definately something special.
Greek life is expensive.
Greek life is much more than a series of social events.
Greek life is quite prominent on our campus.
Greek life is shared by half of all eligible students and supported by nearly all.
Greek life means a lifetime of memories and involvement.
Greek life promotes leadership, service, and scholastic achievement.
Greek life refers to the Greek letter societies, which make up a fraternity and sorority system.
Greek Links Check out other fraternity and sorority home pages.
Greek lobster is a little different from good old USA lobster.
Greek men are all homosexuals.
Greek men are also good for the soul.
Greek men make academics a top priority .
Greek manuscripts are obviously the most important.
Greek members equal or exceed the all-student grade point average.
Greek members have a higher graduation rate.
All Greek members know the importance of scholastic excellence.
Many Greek members participate in intercollegiate athletics.
Most Greek members have a concrete reason for joining the system.
Greek membership is a great way to get involved in helping others.
Greek membership is a lifelong commitment.
Greek music is characterized by the clarinet, violin, bouzouki, and santuri.
Greek music is different depending on whether it is from the mainland or the islands.
Greek music is very popular in Israel.
Greek myth is often concerned with boundaries.
Greek myth is often merely an allegory for an historical event.
Greek myth says they are the home of Hephaistos, the god of the smithy.
Greek myths are quite fascinating since they had so many gods and goddesses.
Greek mythology contains mythological elements from different cultures and histories.
Greek mythology has many gods of the waters.
Greek mythology holds that a monster is pinned beneath the mountain, struggling to escape.
Greek mythology is a good example.
Greek mythology is a very large topic.
Greek mythology is home to some of the most well known myths of all time.
Greek mythology is the written echo of oral traditions ancient before Stonehenge.
Greek mythology is very similar to Roman mythology in that the gods are the same.
Greek mythology Make more specific qualifiers if ambiguous or to resolve a conflict.
Greek mythology provides a window into the relationship between myth, religion and reality.
Greek mythology tells the tale of another man who became an elk.
Greek mythology tends to read like modern soap opera, only with even more sex and violence.
All Greek mythology can tell stories all about present day society.
Greek nouns use masculine, feminine, and neuter gender.
Greek officials call for security partnership after Israel gives earthquake assistance.
Greek officials deny the charges.
Some Greek officials concede that corruption within the police force is a problem.
Greek oregano has a darker, more pungently earthy flavor and aroma than the Italian stuff.
Greek oregano is a good winter hardy ground cover.
Greek oregano is much more powerful than ordinary oregano.
Greek oregano tastes like pizza, while Mexican oregano tastes like Mexican food.
Greek organizations appreciate and support diversity in their memberships.
Greek organizations are families with their own community that runs on a democracy.
Greek organizations are groups who believe in and strive for a common set of goals and ideas.
Greek organizations are open to all students.
Greek organizations are our specialty.
Greek organizations are prevalent in American government as well.
Greek organizations are responsible for many service projects for local communities.
Greek organizations are valid organizations.
Greek organizations do a lot more than party, too.
Greek organizations do fund-raisers.
Greek organizations do hold social events, but also have activities without alcohol.
Greek organizations encourage academic achievements.
Greek organizations encourage high academic goals.
Greek organizations encourage involvement in campus activities and organizations.
Greek organizations exemplify democracy in action.
Greek organizations have a very broad definition of their mission.
Greek organizations have parties once a week.
Greek organizations have several characteristics in common.
Greek organizations have the potential to affect student development in powerful and lasting ways.
Greek organizations hold rush to meet possible new members.
Greek organizations obtain the majority of their funding through rent.
Greek organizations offer educational resources and programs which benefit all members.
Greek organizations offer friendship, care, respect, and support to all members.
Greek organizations offer many benefits to their members.
Greek organizations offer many people a family away from home.
Greek organizations provide activities which contribute to a dynamic college environment.
Greek organizations provide the chance to make new friends and have fun.
Greek organizations provide the opportunity to pursue excellence in every aspect of college life.
All Greek organizations are commuter in nature.
All Greek organizations support their own philanthropic project.
Every Greek organization competes to see who can make the best chili.
Every Greek organization has a unique crest, a symbol of their organization.
Many Greek organizations have regular community service projects that they regularly contribute to.
Many Greek organizations have three or four philanthropies a year.
Most greek organizations have bi-annual publications that discuss the activities of each chapter.
Most Greek organizations have consultants, or similar positions.
Most Greek organizations offer housing and meal service for their members.
Most Greek organizations offer study hall and tutoring for their members.
Most Greek organizations reserve the crest for initiated members.
Some greek organizations require their potential members to attain higher grade point averages.
Greek participle indicates action prior to main verb of the sentence.
Greek pederasty seems to have been primarily an upper class activity.
Greek people cook very good.
Greek philosopher remains, even in modern times as one of the most studied ancient philosophers.
Greek philosophers develop concepts.
Greek philosophers have ideas.
Greek philosophers invent theories.
Greek philosophers say that water is one of four elements that make up the earth.
Greek philosophers understand principles.
Most greek philosophers develop concepts.
Most greek philosophers have ideas.
Most greek philosophers invent theories.
Most greek philosophers understand principles.
Some greek philosophers argue circumstances.
Some greek philosophers argue exceptional circumstances.
Some greek philosophers classify plants.
Some greek philosophers maintain creative forces.
Some greek philosophers maintain forces.
Greek philosophy is strikingly original.
Greek physicians give clinical description of lead poisoning.
Greek physicians recommend use.
Most greek physicians recommend use.
Greek picnic goes 'low key' Sssh. . .
Many Greek poets mention the game in their works.
Greek poetry is one way of preserving the traditions and ways of life in ancient Greece.
Greek poetry is rife with themes of love, religion, politics, war and death.
Greek politicians keep beating the war drums over Turkey whenever the economy goes bad.
Greek positions are well known.
Greek practice is clear and steadfast.
Greek prefixes are used to show multiples of the base unit, so they make the base unit larger.
Greek propaganda presents a one sided picture.
Greek residents are more likely to tolerate drinking which is contrary to their founding principles.
Greek resorts offer idyllic escapes.
Greek revival see classic revival .
Greek rivers are shallow and non-navigable.
Greek salad is food.
Greek salad is great because the feta cheese and onions are flavor packed.
Greek salads are a great way to start off a dinner.
Greek salads are perfect appetizers.
Some greek scientists study motion.
Greek scrolls have a droop in their center while Roman scrolls are straight with egg and darts.
Many Greek sculptures are in geometric style.
Some Greek sculpture is known from Roman copies which have survived.
Greek seasonings are flavorful, mixing common spices in main courses.
Greek shipowners seek investments on land.
Greek society suffers from grave dysfunctionalities.
Greek soil is relatively alkaline, so the vegetables have little acidity.
Greek sources read in translation.
Greek sources view it as an aristocratic council led by the high priest.
Greek sports are both athletic and entertaining.
Greek statues exist mainly because of Roman copies.
Every Greek statue pleads for mothers and sisters.
Greek students are very sharp, naturally inquisitive and outspoken.
Greek students check in at the student center at any time during the day.
Greek students encounter in grasping the English language.
Greek students volunteer as tutors in local grammar schools.
Greek students volunteer at the schools about three hours per week.
All Greek students are welcome.
Greek style have a chain for carrying around the neck while Russian style are without a chain.
Greek symbols come next, in alphabetical order.
Many Greek tales tell of a single male killing a dangerous monster.
Greek television is received by satellite.
Greek temperatures vary more by altitude and exposure than by north to south.
Greek temples are the most famous part of Greek architecture.
Greek temples seem the same as forty centuries ago.
Greek tenses depict more than time.
Greek text is in non-italic font.
Greek text is incorporated into the Latin text.
Greek text is one of the more common examples, especially in public-domain texts.
Greek text reads, exete pistin theou.
All Greek texts agree in the prepositions used.
All Greek texts are unaccented and unaspirated, and also lack punctuation and capitalization.
Greek toast adds a nice touch.
Greek tools are important, even early on.
Greek tortoises exhibit behavior.
Some greek tortoises grow into adults.
Some greek tortoises grow into healthy adults.
Greek town is one mile west of the hotel.
Greek traditions abound in many areas of campus life, from academics to football.
Greek tragedy examines the fundamental things in a fundamental way.
Greek tragedy is a great leveler.
Greek tragedy is far from dead.
Greek vases are in elo gallery .
Greek verbs change ending depending on the verb person and number.
Greek vineyards are now semi-mountainous, or mountainous.
Greek voters reject a proposal to restore the Greek monarchy.
Greek waters offer good fishing, particularly during the summer and autumn.
Greek wine Includes regions, styles, legislation, links to trade, producer and winery sites.
Greek wine is cheap but mostly uninspiring.
Greek wines accompany all.
Most Greek wine is acceptable.
Greek women are also active in various intramural sports.
Some Greek women burn cloves instead.
Greek word is dunamis meaning power, inherent ability .
Greek words appear on screen to help readers and to reinforce what they see and hear.
Greek writers mention cultivated plum races being imported to Greece from Syria.
Greek writers speak of cases of mental unsoundness as occurring with some frequency in Greece.
Some greek writers write eruptions.
Greek yogurt is the bomb and is so good for the bod.
Greek yogurt made from ewe's milk is an excellent subsitute.
Greek yogurt provides proteins.
Most greek yogurt provides proteins.
Some greek yogurt adds calorie sweetener.
Some greek yogurt adds sweetener.
Green accounting is different than functionalist accounting.
Green activists are deeply suspicious about the way it sources meat.
Green age implies youth since the word green has connotations of spring and renewal.
Green aircraft are new planes that lack exterior painting, optional equipment, and interiors.
Green alga is able to grow on the rocks below.
Green algas contain green pigment.
Green algas contain other photosynthetic pigment.
Green algas contain photosynthetic pigment.
Green algas contain pigment.
Green algas find in lakes.
Green algas grow in water.
Green algas have places.
Green algas have types.
Green algas live in aquatic environments.
Green algas live in environments.
Green algas look like plants.
Green algas produce spores.
Most green algas have places.
Most green algas have types.
Some green alga are unicellular, while others, like volvox, is colonial.
Some green algas have labor.
Green algae are an important source of food for many aquatic animals.
Green algae are an important source of oxygen and food for aquatic organisms.
Green algae are by far the most abundant algae.
Green algae are by far the most complex group and have led to the evolution of land plants.
Green algae are considered the most closely related to higher plants.
Green algae are diverse, and are presumed to be the ancestors of green plants.
Green algae are named for their grass-green chloroplasts.
Green algae are the most common algae in ponds and can be multicellular.
Green algae are the most diverse and familiar algae in freshwater.
Green algae are the most diverse and widespread group of algae.
Green algae are the most plant like of the algae.
Green algae are the protists most closely related to plants.
Green algae are thought to be ancestors of the first plants.
Green algae are thought to be in the evolutionary line that gave rise to the first land plants.
Green algae can be unicellular, colonial, or multicellular.
Green algae can divide into more than two daughter cells.
Green algae can make their own food through a process of photosynthesis.
Green algae contain bright, grass-green pigments, and are more abundant than all the other groups.
Green algae do better than red and brown algae in the strong light of shallow water.
Green algae feeds on nitrates and phosphates.
Green algae give pond water a slightly green colour.
Green algae grow in both warm and cold seas.
Green algae grows all over and turns the water into a cloudy, green swamp.
Green algae has a special adaptation.
Green algae has the same pigments as plants, uses starch, and has cell walls of cellulose.
Green algae have a cellulose wall and other polysaccharides.
Green algae have cells with nuclei.
Green algae is a producer in the ocean's food web.
Green algae is a type of algae that is considered to be very closely related to plants.
Green algae is algae
Green algae is algae.
Green algae is fairly natural.
Green algae is marine organisms.
Green algae is mineral and protein poor.
Green algae is present when there is a lot of nitrogen in the water which comes from waste.
Green algae occur in all seas and in most fresh-water habitats.
Green algae show great diversity of form and live in a variety of habitats.
Green algae store their energy as starch.
All green algae are microscopic but some forms organize themselves into visible colonies.
All green algae have mitochondria with flat cristae .
All green algae have mitochondria with flat cristae.
Many green algae have an alternation of haploid and diploid phases.
Most green algae are aquatic.
Most green algae occur in fresh water, although a few groups are marine.
Most green algae reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Some green algae are multicellular.
Some green algae do have alternation of generations.
Some green algae is found in snow, soil, on tree trunks and in symbiosis with other organisms.
Green allies are livid over what they denounce as handouts to polluters.
Green amber is amongst the rarest hues.
Green amber is green if one looks at the proper angle.
Green amber is often heated-treated yellow amber.
Green anacondas are the big guys.
Green anemones have guts.
Most green anemones have guts.
Some green anemones have basal disks.
Some green anemones have disks.
Some green anemones have tubes.
Green anole are sold in many pet stores in the United States.
Green anoles add a great deal of interest to any plant display.
Green anoles are a diurnal species.
Green anoles are capable of changing scale color in response to their external environment.
Green anoles are insectivores and are generally good eaters.
Green anoles are preyed upon by a relatively large assortment of predators.
Green anoles are such elegant creatures.
Green anoles are the small non-indigenous lizards found throughout Texas and much of the south.
Green anoles breed in two week intervals throughout the spring to summer months.
Green anoles change color.
Green anoles change colors - depending on temperature and mood.
Green anoles feed on a broad range of prey items.
Green anoles fight less in groups than in pairs.
Green anoles have behavior.
Green anoles have determinate growth.
Green anoles have growth.
Green anoles have several methods of capturing prey.
Green anoles like to have their food in separate quarters than their homes unless it's feeding time.
Green anoles live just fine with house geckos.
Green anoles love climbing in the hanging plants.
Green anoles move freely and range widely, but usually only within their territorial domains.
Green anoles use tails.
Most green anoles change color.
Most green anoles have behavior.
Most green anoles have determinate growth.
Most green anoles have growth.
Most green anoles use tails.
Some green anoles die of dehydration.
Some green anoles fight for dominance.
Some green anoles have expectancy.
Some green anoles have life expectancy.
Some green anoles have methods.
Some green anoles hide in trees.
Some green anoles suffer health problems.
Some green anoles suffer problems.
Green antifreeze oozes onto the ground below.
Green aphids feed on ferns.
Green aphids feed on foliage.
Most green aphids feed on ferns.
Most green aphids feed on foliage.
Some green aphids affect pansies.
Some green aphids find on roses.
Some green aphids have ranges.
Some green aphids have wide host ranges.
Some green aphids have wide ranges.
Green apples are also higher in malic acid, which has anti-fungal properties.
Green apples are usually tart.
Green apples help soften the stones more than red.
Green apples persist in a clean, long finish.
Green apples rot yellow in the yard.
Green apples tend to reduce migraine headaches.
Green apples work just fine.
Green architecture demands close collaboration between architects and engineers.
Green architecture is affordable.
Green area indicates cloud cover over the mountains.
Green areas are expansion zones and red areas are contraction zones.
Green areas are forested, red areas are roads or paths.
Green areas are good.
Green areas are high reflectivity caused by buildings, streets, etc. and blue areas are water.
Green areas are publicly accessible through the Internet.
Green areas are the low-lying areas .
Green areas are the low-lying areas.
Green areas contain new administrative information and links.
Green areas indicate less well established records.
Green areas indicate privately owned properties.
Green areas indicate wetlands that have no risk of pollution from surrounding land uses.
Green areas represent forest.
Green areas represent land above sea-level at that time, with red indicating mountain ranges.
Green areas represent rain forest vegetation.
Green areas show the time interval when each patient received the drug treatment.
Green areas signify stocks that are up.
Green arrows indicate a move up in the rankings, while red arrows indicate a move down.
Green arrows indicate bonus tags.
Green arrows indicate compensation mechanisms.
Green arrows indicate morphological transitions in sporophyte generations.
Green arrows indicate navigation pathways.
Green arrows indicate no response as the subject correctly reported all three letters.
Green arrows point out of the page, red arrows point into the page.
Green arrows point to artifactual hole in the stroma.
Green arrows run through the winning combinations.
Green arrows show connection points.
Green arrows view a variety of scripts from around the world.
Green ash appears to be more tolerant of ash yellows.
Green ash are more adaptable, cold tolerant and have golden fall color.
Green ash are more tolerant of the disease whereas white ash are killed.
Green ash is a native, deciduous tree with a large, straight trunk and high branches.
Green ash is a widely planted shade tree throughout Minnesota.
Green ash is also less competitive with adjacent crops than poplar.
Green ash is ash
Green ash is one of our most adaptable native trees.
Green ash is rated as intolerant to moderately tolerant of shade.
Green ash is relatively resistant.
Green ash is slightly softer.
Green ash is tall, long lived and hardy.
Green ash is the most widely distributed ash in the United States.
Green ash is used as a source of wood for paddles, oars and baseball bats.
Green asparagus has a more intense nutty flavor than the white or purple asparagus.
Green aspects can push higher margins or volumes.
Green assignments are due in two weeks.
Green assists sleep and the release of difficult emotions.
Green asterisks indicate the position of new viruses.
Green background indicates opsins of papilionid species.
Green background indicates recent update.
Green background indicates win.
Some green badges feel betrayed.
Green bananas are an inexpensive and available food in most developing countries.
Green bananas are preferable due to the increased mounts of pectin.
Green bananas are very firm, but as they ripen the green color turns yellow.
Green bars are brood from later eggs that overwinter as larvae and emerge the second year.
Green bars depict the buy limit orders.
Green barrels blow up one square red blow up nine.
Green Bay kicks off and Chicago fumbles the runback.
Green Bay kicks off and Denver runs the ball upfield a bit of yardage to start things.
Green beach is open.
Green bean plants develop conditions.
Green bean plants develop grow conditions.
Green bean plants develop prime grow conditions.
A green bean is a fresh bean
Green bean is the main host but lima bean, southern pea, and garden pea are also affected.
Green beans are a good source of dietary fiber and a good source of vitamin C and folic acid.
Green beans are a major source of carcinogenic fungicides, neurotoxins, and endocrine disruptors.
Green beans are also somewhat of a special case.
Green beans are available in far more varieties.
Green beans are especially susceptible to spoilage.
Green beans are good sources of folic acid, vitamin A and vitamin C and have a fair amount of iron.
Green beans are located in cans.
Green beans are located in containers.
Green beans are located in mouths.
Green beans are located in pantries.
Green beans are located in plates.
Green beans are low in calories and they are tasty enough to attract even finicky boxers.
Green beans are naturally low in sodium.
Green beans are often slow-cooked with tomatoes, and potatoes are roasted with lemon and olive oil.
Green beans are past.
Green beans are ready to pick if the pods are smooth and evenly green.
Green beans are vegetables.
Green beans are very susceptible, especially when they are infested prior to flowering.
Green beans are young and tender.
Green beans beget brown gold.
Green beans can be tray frozen and packaged in large freezer bags.
Green beans fight with cheese and bread.
Green beans indicate maturity by the smoothness and greenness of the pods.
Green beans is another good choice.
Green beans make a nice side dish.
Some green beans outdo others as a source of bone-building calcium.
Green beds seem better than a mix of living plants and dying, brown ones.
Green beer flows profusely, and the crowd shouts itself hoarse with merriment.
Green beetles are more visible to birds than brown beetles, so birds eat more green beetles.
Green beetles decorate the headband.
Green beetles have legs.
Green beetles have many offspring.
Green beetles have offspring.
Green beetles possess exoskeletons.
Most green beetles have legs.
Most green beetles have many offspring.
Most green beetles have offspring.
Most green beetles possess exoskeletons.
Some green beetles have babies.
Green belt contains a range of motions.
Green berries affects lungs, kidneys, heart and nervous system.
Green berries occur on plants.
Green berry develops with no change in size.
Most green berries occur on plants.
Green beryl is sometimes heat treated and turned into aquamarine .
Green beryl is used for treating eye disease.
Green beryl is usually heat-treated to form deeply colored aquamarines .
Green bile can indicate that the intestines are blocked, a condition that needs immediate attention.
Green blazes mark the side trails.
Green blocks are the immigrant ancestors.
Green blooms are a sign of over-fertilization.
Green boards have gilt lettering on spine.
Green body appears to be a different shade of color.
Green bones is good.
Green bottles are very bad for beer.
Green boxes are all empty and return to others boxes.
Green boxes are boxes of methodology.
Green boxes indicate both the device and service appeared to be functioning normally.
Green boxes represent models that are developed for a specific product or application.
Green boxes show current technologies.
Green briers begin life as seeds in bird and mammal droppings.
Green briers can live for many years, building up massive potato-like root systems.
Green buds adorn the trees and vegetation.
Green buds are bursting, and little birds sing, That is the right time for love.
Green budget is needed to avoid environmental degradation as well as economic losses.
Most green bugs are ok because they are green because of just eating plant material.
Green building advocates less new construction.
Green building can apply to the most basic home.
Green building can be profitable, and reduce the environmental impact of construction.
Green building is an evolutionary process that takes time to develop.
Green building is one of the tools to advance smart growth.
Green building is still a niche market.
Green building makes sense from all standpoints.
Green building makes sense.
Green building meets the public where they live.
Green building provides the answer.
Green building uses materials that are more durable, both on the inside and outside.
Green buildings are a good example of sustainable development practices at work.
Green buildings are bright, comfortable buildings with fresh, clean indoor air.
Green buildings are by no means limited to the nation's capital, however.
Green buildings are considerate of their occupants, too.
Green buildings are structures designed to make the most of the environment.
Green buildings conserve and recycle water in a variety of ways.
Green buildings cost less to run and are attractive to tenants.
Green buildings cost more up front but less in the long term.
Green buildings take into account the full life-cycle of building materials.
Many green buildings represent the leading edge of engineering design.
Green bullets go somewhere, in another window.
Green buoys are odd-numbered.
Green burial is designed to sensitively lay to rest someone in an ecologically friendly way.
Green businesses create jobs.
Green businesses minimize waste, recycle and make products built to last.
Green button represents send packets.
Green buttons are links to additional information pages or services to users.
Green buttons are sensitive to the middle mouse button and pop-up selection menus.
Green buttons indicate a sub-menu for a genre of applicatons.
Green cabs are in very good shape.
Green cabinets line the room.
Most green cacti grow in arid regions.
Most green cacti grow in many arid regions.
Most green cacti grow in regions.
Green cacti grow in arid regions.
Green cacti grow in many arid regions.
Green cacti grow in regions.
Green calcite comes in a variety of shapes.
Green cambium is often evident beneath superficial white rot lesions.
Green candle is pine-scented.
Green caps are compulsory for freshmen.
Green car allows the experience celebrations of life one moment at a time pressing ever forward.
Green carcasses appear when a player dies.
A green card is positive identification
Green card is accepted for eye doctor and dentist as well as for clinic.
Green card is stapled to passport, which INS officials remove from passport on return flight.
Green cards allow a person to do almost anything a citizen can except vote.
Green cards are mat wrestling moves or maneuvers.
Green cards are positive identification.
All green cards are the same, all confer the same benefits.
All green cards have a bee on the front.
Green cardamoms are used for preparing digestive tonic.
Green cardholders can qualify as state residents.
Green carpets need maintenance.
Some green caterpillars emerge in springs.
Green cattail does shrink when it dries out.
Green cayennes appear in the summer, while hotter red cayennes come out in the fall.
Green CCs are opinion followers rather than opinion leaders.
Green cells convert light to carbohydrates and oxygen.
Green cells develop from a white cell line that again becomes green and so on.
Green certification is just one tool for forest protection.
Green chairs line many of the ozark stone cottages under the shadow of local water tower.
Green channel Select the Blue channel.
Green cheese is actually a delicacy.
Green chemists reduce the hazards and increase the efficiency of any chemical choice .
Green chemists reduce the hazards and increase the efficiency of any chemical choice.
Green chemistry has another significant advantage for students.
Green chemistry shifts the emphasis away from remediation and toward pollution prevention.
Green chemistry yields a better plastic.
Green chile is as much a part of our culture and heritage as it is a part of our diet.
Green chile is picked when green.
Green chile is very flexible and goes well with light fare, such as shrimp or vegetarian offerings.
Green chiles are available fresh, frozen, canned, or dried.
Green chiles burn easily so stir occasionally. .
Green chiles burn easily so stir occasionally.
Green chloroplasts appear mottled because of their internal grana.
Green choices are resource efficient, less-polluting, and healthy.
Green circle represents distance of ship.
Green circle shows present in-situ result.
Green circles are the easiest trail.
Green circles have a high degree of agreement.
Green circles indicate that the message is annotated.
Green circles indicate that the objective has more or less been achieved.
Green clay is a natural clay, which is packed to make a subsurface, then covered with a topping.
Green cloth backstrip over yellow pictorial wrappers.
Green cloth covers with dark blue spine.
Green cloth covers with pictorial illus on front and gilt lettering and decoration.
Green cloth covers, the front with silver embossed Regimental device.
Green cloth covers, worn and chipped.
Green cloth covers.
Green clovers float about on the black background.
Green coffee costs about half per pound of what roasted coffee costs.
Green coffee has a grass-like smell.
Green coleus is an effective mid-height foliage plant.
Green color comes from chlorophyll.
Green color denoting envy or red color denoting rage is a disqualification.
Green color indicates editorial opinion.
Green color indicates improvement and red decline in performance over two years.
Green color indicates the hay was cured properly and free of rain.
Green color is a bit lighter.
Green color is good on jade and many other stones.
Green color is pen ink.
Green color is soon to be released and available.
Green color refers to the connection with nature and agriculture.
Green colors come from special algae .
Green colors come from special algae.
Green colors indicate inbound velocities, Red colors indicate outbound velocities.
Green colors indicate increased chlorophyll.
Green colors is dominant to blue colors.
Green colors represent soils containing salts and more abundant vegetation.
Most green color comes from chlorophyll.
Green coloring indicates immaturity.
Green colour indicates internal element contacts.
Green colour stands green mountain.
Green complexes have open approaches and, best of all, chipping areas abound.
Some green cones produce useful seeds.
Green consumers are easy targets.
Green consumers have to choose wisely about where they put their money.
Green consumerism encourages humans to consume in ways kindly to their planet.
Green consumerism is a hopeful token of more substantial change.
Green consumerism is dead, long live the green corporation.
Green corridors protect our green infrastructure, providing a legacy for future generations.
Green County is made up of thousands of acres of green, flowing fields and tall rolling timber.
Green courses address general safety-related topics and are open to the entire Dryden workforce.
Green cover is thicker, so fish feel safer.
Green crab can thrive in many coastal habitats and in wide temperature and salinity ranges.
Green crabs are a favorite bait of sport fishermen.
Green crabs cause serious losses to shellfishermen by eating young clams, oysters, and scallops.
Green crabs eat molluscs, crustaceans, polychaetes and green algae.
Green crabs have claws.
Green crabs wander throughout the tidepool, always looking for a chance to grab a meal.
Most green crabs have claws.
Green crates are the special weapons that are vehicle specific.
Green crops are the principal growth, and the common cereals are cultivated.
Green crystals cover the ceiling.
Green curbs are visitor parking and short-term parking where indicated.
Some green curtains save energy.
Green cutting is avoided as far as possible as the users fear the degradation of the forest.
Green dates are all English dates.
Green dates are research.
Green days represent completed readings.
Green design applies to both products and buildings.
Green design is better design.
Green design makes good business sense.
Green design reduces the dependence on resource intensive products and materials.
Green designations signal good opportunities for possible accumulation .
Green development is a young and evolving approach to real estate development.
Green dial has some hairlines.
Green diameter is perpendicular to Red diameter.
Green diamonds are hard to come by.
Green diamonds show location of weather stations.
Green diarrhea is associated with the hepatitis that occurs during an avian chlamydiosis infection.
Green diesel is a step in the right direction.
Green dollars are a better kind of discount coupon.
Green dot indicates item completed.
Green dot is the equilibrium position.
Green dots appear next to completed tasks.
Green dots are bifurcation points.
Green dots are entrepreneurs.
Green dots are links of particular interest to teachers.
Green dots are r only.
Green dots are signals detected four or more times.
Green dots designate that the site is OK for kids.
Green dots indicate a connector trail.
Green dots indicate scrubs .
Green dots indicate significant tree damage.
Green dots indicate sites suitable for kids.
Green dots indicate sites which are acceptable for children.
Green dots indicate tubeless tires, while white dots indicate tube-type tires.
Green dots lead to sections with new or revised materials.
Green dots represent asteroids in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Green dots represent events occuring less than a year ago, but more than a month ago.
Green dots represent four previous events.
Green dots represent improvements, and red dots represent degradations.
Green dots represent the previous four events.
Green dots show the most heart healthy products.
Some green dots represent locations.
Green dragon is an aroid
Green dragons carry miniature people round and round.
Green dragonflies go home to Mars.
Green drakes are active in the Pinnacles area.
Green drakes are sporadic, but have shown in decent numbers on overcast days.
Green dye is added to final grooming.
Green eggs are lots of fun to have, especially for kids.
Green eggs have the brown pigment laid down over the blue shell.
Every green element becomes more vibrant.
Green elm follows the same rules are Manitoba maple.
Green enchiladas are first-rate as well.
Green energy comes in two basic forms.
Green energy includes natural energetic processes that can be harnessed with little pollution.
Green energy is generated without burning fossil fuels such as coal, oil or natural gas.
Green energy is the general term for electricity that has been generated in a sustainable way.
Green energy means electric power sourced from renewable and sage sources such as the sun and wind.
Green energy offers an array of benefits.
Green energy tends to cost a bit more.
Green entries await information.
Green eyes are a definite turn on.
Green eyes are basically the result of any remaining brown pigment.
Green eyes are the result of blue pigmentation being admixed with yellowed phlegm deposits.
Green eyes auburn hair naturally.
Green eyes glow.
Green eyes have just enough brown pigment mixed in with the blue to give the appearance of green.
Green Eyes Make green eyes shine with warm browns.
Green eyes open slowly into gray.
Green eyes result from yellowish flecks of fatty pigment against a dark background.
Green fabrics kaleidoscope chart.
Green face is the standard color.
Green farms are on both sides of the road.
Green fee includes cart and use of the practice facilities.
Green fee includes range balls, bag tag, toel, water, tees and marker.
Green fee is inclusive of golf cart and caddy.
Green fees apply.
Green fees are acceptable.
Green fees are affordable.
Green fees are among the lowest for four star rated course.
Green fees are among the most reasonable in the area and group outings are welcome.
Green fees are approx.
Green fees are comparatively low compared to the rest of the Channel Islands.
Green fees are comparatively low.
Green fees are exceptionally good value and the facilities first-class.
Green fees are extremely competitive, great value for money.
Green fees are extremely low and are for all day.
Green fees are free to residents.
Green fees are low and golf equipment can be rented at reasonable prices.
Green fees are moderate and are reduced for juniors, seniors, and for twilight play.
Green fees are moderate.
Green fees are modest, and walking is optional mid-week and on weekend afternoons.
Green fees are nominal and all visitors are welcome.
Green fees are on a sliding scale based on military rank, and some restrictions apply.
Green fees are on an honour system, and proceeds go to the continuing development of the park.
Green fees are payable at hotel reception where availability of the course can be ascertained.
Green fees are quite affordable.
Green fees are reasonable.
Green fees are relatively low compared to other countries.
Green fees are relatively low.
Green fees are seasonal.
Green fees are the responsibility of the student.
Green fees are the same as last year.
Green fees are very affordable.
Green fees can be substantially cheaper though the quality of golf never compromised.
Green fees pay for all maintenance, as well as for groundskeepers' salaries.
Green fees vary according to season.
Green fees vary and hotel guests can get package deals or discounts.
Green fees vary but are always very reasonable.
Green fees vary by day of week and time of day.
Green fees vary depending on the day and course.
Green fees vary depending on the time of year.
Green fees vary depending on time of day and walking versus renting a cart.
Green fees vary with the season.
Green fees vary.
All green fees are subject to change based on market conditions.
All green fees are subject to change.
All green fees are very affordable.
Some green fees are higher than the average all the time, and some are average all the time.
Green field writes about everyday situations in the lives of African American children.
Green fields pave over the urban mess renewing place, air and environment.
Green fields roll on to the south in Brown County.
Green fields stretch as far as the eye can see.
Green fields surround the hotel and the rooms as far as the eye can see.
Green figures are example motions.
All green figures are the current consensus estimates.
Green films are cyanobacteria.
Some green film is popular in Europe.
Green firewood can harbor beetles that pose a threat to garden trees.
Green flags mean that the relationship is probably healthy.
Green flags mean there is no danger at all.
Green flashes show files being moved across directories.
Green flowers appear before leaves.
Green flowers appear on the upper surface of the leaf.
Some green flowers bloom in late winter.
Some green flowers bloom in winter.
Green fluorescent proteins find in tissue.
Green foliage becomes red in winter.
Green foliage begins to sprout, and before long dogwoods and azaleas start showing their colors.
Green foliage creates barriers.
Green foliage is tipped with purple and has purple flowers.
Green foliage produces nutrients.
Green foliage turns bronze color.
Green foliage turns color.
Most green foliage creates barriers.
Most green foliage produces nutrients.
Most green foliage turns bronze color.
Most green foliage turns color.
Green food can be practically any fresh green leafy vegetable.
Green food is essential especially during the breeding season.
Green food is hilarious.
Green food is just more fun, they say.
Green food tastes different from red.
Green forage helps minimize alkalosis Winter rye grass useful.
Green forests are the national treasure of the country.
Green forests give way to multi-colored displays.
A green foxtail is grass
Green foxtail decreases as N increases, especially under Direct Seeding.
Green foxtail does well when fertilizer is broadcast across the soil surface.
Green foxtail has little effect on canola yields.
Green foxtail is a heavy seed producer.
Green foxtail is an aggressive summer annual grass.
Some green freaks pick up the scent.
Green fruit contains seeds.
Green fruit has a better chance of survival since it is inherently more resistant to the disease.
Green fruit is toxic.
Green fruit turns color.
Green fruit turns purple color.
Green fruit turns yellow when ripe.
Green fruits are used to treat high blood pressure and also used as an .
Green fruits follow the tiny green flowers.
Most green fruit contains seeds.
Most green fruit turns color.
Most green fruit turns purple color.
Some green fruit contains latex.
Green funds attract investors interested in socially responsible investing.
Green garnets are most highly prized but are very rare.
A green gentian is a herb
Green gentians adorn the trailside with their conspicuously tall, green flowering stalks.
Green glass can pass as an emerald.
Green glass is from ca.
Green glass rigaree around base.
Green glass transmits light.
Green glow can mean heavy metals in the soil.
Green glows indicate that the atmosphere is collapsing.
Green gobies are found in the lower tidal portions of most Bay rivers.
Green gold Apply a wash of green watercolor over the yellow.
Green gold is gold
Green grains are normal.
Green grapes are sweetest when bright, yellow-green.
Green grapes are sweetest when yellow-green in color.
Green grass contains nitrogen and insecticidal elements.
Green grass decorates the edges.
Green grass is a good background to choose for any dog.
Green grass is a good choice.
Green grass is just one way to add natural fauna to an arrangement.
Green grass is located in meadows.
Green grass is located in parks.
Green grass is the main staple food for the gaur.
Green grass reflects green light.
Green grass ripples in the warm breeze.
Green grass turns white, blue skies turn black.
Some green grasshoppers have advantage.
Green grocers adapt to cities.
Most green grocers adapt to cities.
Green groups are vehemently opposed to the process when native forests are involved.
Green groups beg to differ.
Green groups find their green can t buy ad space.
Green groups say the gas-guzzling vehicles spew too much carbon into the air.
Green groups say the river is highly stressed.
Most green groups have a corporate structure based around a central office, often in London.
Green growth is a basic production, ultimately more important than industrial production.
Green hardwood is the preferred smoking source.
Green harmonics enhance the physical body in general.
Green hawthorn is suitable as an ornamental.
Green hay is too wet to store in a barn.
Green herons are one of the few species of animal known to use tools.
Green herons are seasonally monogamous .
Green herons eat fish.
Green herons know how to use bait to fish.
Green herons stretch necks.
Most green herons eat fish.
Most green herons stretch necks.
Green highlights indicate members who have been active in recent discussions or projects.
Green hills rise out of prairies and grow into the towering peaks of the Rock Mountains.
Green hills rise out of prairies and grow into the towering peaks of the Rocky Mountains.
Green hills roll down to the creek flowing by the barn.
Green horses are usually much cheaper than other horses, making it tempting to buy one.
Green horses can be inconsistent, unfocused and incredibly clever at learning evasive tactics.
Green house gases cause effects.
Green house gases cause green house effects.
Green house needs glass replacement.
Green houses represent customers at a business while red hotels indicate a full client base.
Some green hydras have light.
Some green hydras have symbiotic algas.
Green icons indicate a closed solution exists.
Green icons return images or data to a new browser window.
Green icons signify off-site links.
Green iguanas are a threatened species due to loss of habitat.
Green iguanas are a varied group.
Green iguanas are another species that benefit from exercise.
Green iguanas are arboreal, meaning that they live in trees.
Green iguanas are bred and raised on farms in Central and South America to be eaten by people.
Green iguanas are diurnal , arboreal , and are often found near water.
Green iguanas are eaten in Central America.
Green iguanas are egg layers.
Green iguanas are found throughout tropical and subtropical North and South America.
Green iguanas are generally arboreal, meaning that they live in trees.
Green iguanas are handsome creatures, but they can grow up to six feet long, and be aggressive.
Green iguanas are harvested for their eggs, skin, and meat.
Green iguanas are harvested for their skin, meat and eggs.
Green iguanas are the most disposable pet in America.
Green iguanas are tough.
Green iguanas can be very lethargic and lazy.
Green iguanas can recognize familiar people.
Green iguanas dive into water.
Green iguanas get huge, up to five-feet long, and they require nearly twice that climbing height.
Green iguanas grow feet.
Green iguanas have a white photo-sensory organ on the top of their heads called the parietal eye.
Green iguanas have very sharp teeth that are capable of shredding leaves and even human skin.
Green iguanas live in forest areas that are adjacent to water.
Green iguanas live in trees.
Green iguanas live near water.
Green iguanas make intelligent, friendly pets.
Green iguanas need heat.
Green iguanas reach adulthood.
Green iguanas remain trendy, inexpensive and easy to find.
Green iguanas tend to be cryptically colored.
Most green iguanas dive into water.
Most green iguanas grow feet.
Most green iguanas live near water.
Most green iguanas reach adulthood.
Some green iguanas are harvested for meat.
Some green iguanas eat pellets.
Some green iguanas eat rabbit pellets.
Some green iguanas eat vegetables.
Some green iguanas have small horns on their snouts.
Some green iguanas have undersides.
Green indicator is illuminated when delay is activated.
Green indicator is illuminated when flow is on.
Green industries are the backbone of Yunnan economy in the next century .
Green ink means a successful mission.
Green ink seems to work the best.
Green insects seem to be a favorite.
Green investments are good for the earth, and good for the pocketbook.
Green Island contains North America's second largest colony of common murres.
Green Island is a coral cay near Cairns.
Green Island is a coral cay.
Green Island is a good spot for bream, tailor, snapper, and cobia.
Green Island is a tropical coral cay.
Green Island is a tropical island paradise and suitable for day trips from Cairns.
Green Island is also Taiwan's top diving destination.
Green Island is small enough to stroll around, yet big enough to get away from it all.
Green Island provides a good solid base to work from and the water is quite shallow.
Green Island works at Prairie Meadows golf course as a caddie.
Green issues are now high on Shanghai's agenda too.
Green items show default preferences that can be changed through the user interface.
Green jackets are medium strength proving better shots with weapons.
Green jalapenos are best in the late summer, while red jalapenos appear in the fall.
Green jobs are jobs in a sustainable economy.
Green jobs are successful only when workers feel they have control over their own resources.
Green juices have a wonderful detoxification quality, which helps abundantly.
Green ketchup is now on the horizon for kids.
Green labels mark the active ports.
A green lacewing is an insect
Green lacewings are also a common sight in many beneficial programs.
Green lacewings are another biological control.
Green lacewings are available from many commercial suppliers , generally offered as eggs.
Green lacewings are common' insects, found on grass, shrubs, and weeds.
Green lacewings are especially fond of nectar from fennel, caraway, dill, red cosmos, and tansy.
Green lacewings are lacewings.
Green lacewings are major predators of corn pests.
Green lacewings are native to the western United States.
Green lacewings are predators found in most environments.
Green lacewings are predatory as larvae.
Green lacewings can control mealybug fairly well and can be bought commercially from insectaries.
Green lacewings require grass pollen to reproduce.
Some green lacewings have golden eyes, and some give off strong odors.
Green lacquer is used to paint the outside and red lacquer is used to paint the inside of the box.
Green Lake is closed to recreation activities including boating, swimming and fishing.
Green Lake tends to be very busy, especially in summer months.
Green lawns are expensive to install and maintain.
Green leaders agree on compromisse for Kosovo conflict Bonn.
Green leaf is popular fodder, particularly in rainy seasons for goats.
Green leaves are green.
Green leaves contain chlorophyll, which is essential for photosynthesis and plant growth.
Green leaves contain chlorophyll.
Green leaves cover the branch, grapes hang there and a bird appears.
Green leaves have bitter taste.
Green leaves have sweet taste.
Green leaves have taste.
Green leaves signify abundance, good health, and happiness.
Green leaves surround flowers.
Green leaves turn color.
Green leaves turn deep rust color.
Green leaves turn red in fall, green up again in spring.
Green leaves turn rust color.
Some green leaves are very shiny.
Green leafy vegetables contain amounts.
Green leaves anticipate the coming autumn.
Green leaves are a very rich source of iron.
Green leaves are better than light yellow or white.
Green leaves are oval or circular in shape.
Green leaves are the foods richest in easily utilised calcium.
Green leaves contain lots of water.
Green leaves fall from new-born trees, Forever bonds break silently.
Green leaves give good red fall color.
Green leaves have broad, irregular yellow margins.
Green leaves have cells that contain an organelle called a chloroplast.
Green leaves look gray to the camera's meter.
Green leaves merge dropping into black, reflecting back to the brown.
Green leaves produce food for plant growth next year.
Green leaves produce oxygen and attract fish.
Green leaves turn maroon.
Green leaves turn red with gold and orange markings.
Green leaves turn reddish-purple in winter.
Every green leaves are lance shaped, leather like and highly aromatic.
Most green leaves contain chlorophyll.
Most green leaves have bitter taste.
Most green leaves have sweet taste.
Most green leaves turn color.
Most green leaves turn deep rust color.
Most green leaves turn rust color.
Some green leaves absorb carbon dioxide.
Some green leaves absorb dioxide.
Some green leaves change color.
Some green leaves have attractive sheen.
Some green leaves have bronze sheen.
Some green leaves have flavor.
Some green leaves make food.
Some green leaves produce nutrients.
Green lettuce has taste.
Green lies die hard.
Green light appears steady.
Green light arises in regions where the gas is doubly ionized.
Green light carries the most energy of any color.
Green light creates a calming atmosphere.
Green light Go if the intersection is clear.
Green light goes out.
Green light has a shorter wavelength than orange light.
Green light has a wavelength of about .
Green light has higher frequency than the red light.
Green light has properties totally unique in the natural world.
Green light indicates archiving has been started but there is no audio waiting to be archived.
Green light indicates that the site has no content intended for mature audiences.
Green light is absorbed poorly.
Green light is emitted when oxygen ions acquire electrons from the surrounding gas.
Green light is green.
Green light is higher energy than purple light.
Green light is least effective to plants as most plants reflect green light and absorb very little.
Green light is light waves.
Green light is permission.
Green light is reflected or transmitted, as is far-red light .
Green light is right in the middle of the visible light spectrum.
Green light is traffic light
Green light is traffic light.
Green light is transmitted through while the red and blue light is absorbed.
Green light says 'Go'.
Green lights are good to use when healing.
Green lights dance above switches connected to a maze of orange cords.
Green lights flash across a monitor as a recording tape rolls.
Green lights glimmer inside.
Green lights indicate that the unit is on and ready to go.
Green lights mean strong potential and strong ranking.
Green lights see the start of the parade lap.
More green light gets through and therefore is more clearly seen.
Green lighting picks out the large-sized numbers and degree marks during nighttime use.
Green line can handle two trains easily.
Green line indicates navigation path.
Green line indidates daily average.
Green line is perpendicular to red line.
Green line is the reference.
Green line means the rendezvous between a comet and a comet, asteroid, nova, supernova, etc.
Green line represents mean and red represents health limit.
Green lines are stellar loci.
Green lines are the diagonals of squares, making it possible to construct many more zome shapes.
Green lines are the only method a biot can extract energy from the environment.
Green lines are Thruway bus services.
Green lines demark the leading and trailing edges.
Green lines indicate a good two-way conversation without errors.
Green lines indicate hydrogen bonds.
Green lines indicate procedural flow, and stop at red numbers indicating instructional elements.
Green lines represent single jumps.
Green lines represent the boundaries between the two hemispheres.
Green links are currently under contruction.
Green links are Websites.
Green links indicate there is a diary that others can read.
Green links involve no choices on the part of reader or character.
Green links support a price increase.
Green liquor is a by-product of processing wood pulp.
A green lizard is a lizard
Green lizards sun themselves on rocks and wild rosemary scents the air.
Green lots are strictly for use of residence hall and apartment housing occupants.
All green lots are vacant and for sale.
Green lovers are gentle, but passionate.
Green lumber is fine.
Green magic is the magic of life.
Green men have affinities to earth and sky, and yellow men have affinities with matter and spirit.
Green manure are an excellent source of nitrogen.
Green manure can improve soil fertility considerably and provide fodder for livestock.
Green manure helps to add body to sandy soil.
Green manure is manure
Green manure is manure.
Green manures are another source of organic matter and plant nutrients.
Green manures are crops grown strictly for soil conservation and improvement.
Green manures are crops that are generally sown after the main crop has been harvested.
Green manures are crops that are grown and then tilled into the soil.
Green manures are legumes or small grain crops that are plowed under while still in the green stage.
Green manures are plant cover crops which are tilled into the soil.
Green manures are plants grown to fertilise and create soil the lazy way.
Green maps stimulate discussion.
Green marketing is a legitimate approach to selling products, including electricity supply.
Green marketing is marketing products that are safe or beneficial to the environment.
Green marketing links certain attributes of a company's offering to environmental concerns.
Green material is the background for beautiful gold, pink, white, and maroon embroidery.
Green material is the background for beautiful gold, raspberry, and white embroidery.
Green material is the background for beautiful tangerine, red, white, and maroon silk embroidery.
Green material is the background for beautiful white silk embroidery.
Green material is the background for beautiful white, pink, and tangerine embroidery.
Green material is the background for beautiful yellow, red, maroon, and rust embroidery.
Green material is the background for elegant white embroidery.
Green material is the background for vibrant yellow, red, and white floral embroidery.
Green materials are things like grass clippings, kitchen wastes and fresh plant cuttings.
Green materials contain large amounts of nitrogen.
Green materials provide nitrogen.
Green meadows occupy one's attention and one's bare feet.
Green messages are informational, red are errors, and blue are data transmission.
Green milkweed is native to coarse soils.
Green milkweed is perennial from a vertical rootstock.
Green mode is the initial mode.
Green mold is medicine known as penicilin, and water fights with green balloons sure are thrillin'.
Green mole made with tomatillas is versatile, combine pumpkin seeds and it is unique.
Green money can keep flowing when conventional money dries up.
Green money consists of bank accounts.
Green morays are sedentary predators with strong teeth.
Green morays are the largest of the morays found in the Atlantic Ocean.
Green moss grows in the window shafts.
Green motifs are apparent in other textiles.
Green mountains are neither sentient nor insentient.
Green mountains come forth as self.
Green mulberry is great for grass.
Green mules play black-dirt poker.
Green needles can cause stains.
Some green needles have bands.
Some green needles have silvery bands.
Green neon points the way to the exit.
Green nodes are start nodes and red nodes are end nodes.
Green notes add lift and vigor to a fragrance composition.
Green notes evoke youth and innocence.
Green oak has a long history.
Green oil is forced into the cracks of emeralds .
A green olive is an olive
Green olives are olives.
Green olives are the first olives to be picked in the season.
Green olives are the most popular for home food preserver.
Green olives are the unripe green fruit of the olive tree.
Green olives are young fruit picked at the first stage of maturity before they begin ripening.
Green ones are alive.
Green ones are just fine.
Green ones are only in one level.
Green ones are sour and are used for cooking and making pickles.
A green onion is an onion
Green onions are also potent enzyme boosters, as are many other vegetables.
Green onions are highly perishable and normally marketed over a short period.
Green onions are onions.
Green onions are very young onions and include leeks, shallots, chives and scallions.
Green onions become stronger in flavor with age and increasing size.
Green onions benefit from light misting.
Green onions cause about five percent of outbreaks of food poisoning from produce, worldwide.
Green onions grow best on beds formed with a rototiller or similar bed shaper.
Green onions lend their color and flavor.
Many Green onions mean welcome once steady, so bike cause it.
Green packets receive a low, bounded queueing delay.
Green paint has greater reflectance than blue paint which can make matting easier.
Green paint is used on the surface to suggest turtle markings.
Green paint is used to reflect sun away from the surface, thus causing less damage to the paint.
Green panels link to pages dealing with pro-circumcision material.
Green papaya has a crunchy texture like jicama and is in pleasant contrast to the spicy sauce.
Green papaya is a firm fruit.
Green papaya is good for making salad.
Green papaya is used for stir fries and curries in many Asian dishes.
Green papayas contain papain which helps the digestion process.
Some green papaya becomes salad.
Green Park is a good close location to attain excellent in classroom experience.
Green Park is a natural expanse of grass and trees, hence the name.
Green part is less busy.
Green part is the new casino location.
Green parts are diopsite,white parts are pectplite and albite.
Green parties are already in coalition governments in Germany and France.
Green parties are parties.
Green parties are political parties.
Green parties exist around the world and participate in coalition governments in several countries.
Green parties flourish everywhere in major nations.
Green party does take check made out to green party.
Green pasture is high in vitamin A, but much is lost during drying and storing.
Green pastures symbolize prosperity and wellness.
Green patches are weed infestations.
Green patinas come in a range of shades from light olive to almost black.
A green pea is a pea
Green peas are an excellent rotational crop with fall grains where rainfall is adequate.
Green peas are peas.
Green peas are second only to lima beans as a fresh vegetable source of protein.
Green peas are the basis of many pureed spring soups, with or without cream.
Green peach aphids feed on foliage.
Green people are bad.
Green people are concerned with doing the right thing and like to be admired.
Green people like to be independent, logical, and smart.
Green people understand the tension.
Green pepper plants get weather.
Green pepper seeds require warmth.
Green pepper is less pungent and very aromatic.
Green pepper is located in markets.
Green pepper is located in pizzas.
Green pepper is made by skipping the fungus-growing part.
Green pepper is pepper.
Green pepper is sweet pepper
Green pepper is vegetables.
Green peppers are aphid magnets.
Green peppers are harvested earlier, before they have a chance to turn yellow, orange, and then red.
Green peppers are seeded and stuffed and baked.
Green peppercorns are also unripe berries with a mild, light flavor.
Green peppercorns are milder and fruitier than the berries used to ground white pepper.
Green peppercorns are soft, underripe berries that have a fresh, less sharp flavor.
Green peppercorns are the unripened fruits which are pickled or preserved in brine.
Green peppercorns are unripe black peppercorns.
Green peppercorns have a special taste all their own.
Green permits are available, in limited numbers, to faculty, staff, and graduate students only.
Green permits are for commuter students.
Green personalities are nurturers.
Green phlegm means a bacterial infection either in the lungs or in the upper respiratory tract.
All green pigs are green .
Green pigment is produced by mixing Prussian blue and chrome yellow.
Green pine can be mighty heavy.
Green planning is to society what a business plan is to industry.
Green plants absorb light energy using chlorophyll in their leaves.
Green plants absorb light.
Green plants acquire energy.
Green plants apply iron for energy transformation processes.
Green plants are able to trap and store energy from sunlight.
Green plants are always nice in a bathroom.
Green plants are always take magnesium from soil.
Green plants are another great choice.
Green plants are at the bottom of the food chain.
Green plants are autotrophs.
Green plants are called producers because they produce their own food.
Green plants are considered producers and the are at the beginning of the food chain.
Green plants are everywhere.
Green plants are food producers.
Green plants are green because they contain a chemical compound called chlorophyll.
Green plants are green because they contain a pigment called chlorophyll.
Green plants are photoautotrophs.
Green plants are primary producers, because they are the lowest link in the food chain.
Green plants are producers .
Green plants are producers because they provide the basic food supply for themselves and animals.
Green plants are quite sophisticated in their methods of asexual reproduction.
Green plants are tender and filled with sap.
Green plants are the foundation of all life.
Green plants are the majorproducers for land ecosystems.
Green plants are the most common producers.
Green plants are the one efficient and renewable way to use directly the sun's energy.
Green plants are the only living things able to collect and store energy from the sun.
Green plants are the only living things that can make their own food.
Green plants are the only things in nature that can actually make their own food.
Green plants are the producers , the base of the food web.
Green plants are typical photoautotrophs.
Green plants begin to grow and trees begin to sprout leaves.
Green plants can convert solar energy to chemical energy.
Green plants can make their own food by using water and carbon dioxide.
Green plants can make their own food for energy in their leaves and stems.
Green plants can only make food when they have light.
Green plants can produce hydrocarbon compounds such as sugar by combining water and carbon dioxide.
Green plants can synthesize their required foods from the elements.
Green plants capture energy from sunlight and convert it into living organic plant tissue.
Green plants capture energy.
Green plants capture solar energy and convert carbondioxide and water into food by photosynthesis.
Green plants carry on photosynthesis only in the presence of light.
Green plants concentrate energy.
Green plants contain a chemical called chlorophyll .
Green plants contain chlorophyll , a green pigment that absorbs sunlight .
Green plants contain chlorophyll.
Green plants convert carbon dioxide and water into food and oxygen.
Green plants convert carbon dioxide back to oxygen and other components.
Green plants convert carbon dioxide to oxygen and organic matter.
Green plants convert carbon dioxide.
Green plants convert dioxide.
Green plants convert light energy from the sun into sugars through the process of photosynthesis.
Green plants convert light energy to chemical energy and food in the process of Photosynthesis.
Green plants convert solar radiation to carbohydrates.
Green plants convert sunlight into energy.
Green plants depend as much on the sunlight as on the soil and the air.
Green plants depend on chlorophyll to carry out photosynthesis.
Green plants develop conditions.
Green plants develop grow conditions.
Green plants develop prime grow conditions.
Green plants encompass both land plants and green algae.
Green plants find in pasture.
Green plants form one branch, and the fungi and animals are farther along on another branch.
Green plants form the first trophic level, the producers.
Green plants get carbon from the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Green plants get energy.
Green plants get their carbon from the carbon dioxide in the air.
Green plants get their energy from the sun.
Green plants get weather.
Green plants go through photosynthesis.
Green plants grow in black lava.
Green plants grow nicely underground, even without artificial light.
Green plants harvest the energy of the sun.
Green plants have branches.
Green plants have chloroplasts in their leaves that contain a pigment called chlorophyll .
Green plants have green pigment.
Green plants have healthy life.
Green plants have impact.
Green plants have life.
Green plants have major impact.
Green plants have photosynthetic pigment.
Green plants have pigment.
Green plants make and store their own food.
Green plants make food through a process called photosynthesis, using the energy from the sun.
Green plants make food.
Green plants make the work day a little easier and more pleasant.
Green plants make their food by taking sunlight and using the energy to make sugar.
Green plants make their food from carbon dioxide and water by photosynthesis.
Green plants make their own food by photosynthesis.
Green plants make their own food to build their branches and stems.
Green plants make their own food.
Green plants manufacture carbohydrates by photosynthesis.
Green plants manufacture their own nourishment from carbon dioxide and water.
Green plants need oxygen.
Green plants play a very important role in the carbon cycle.
Green plants produce acetaldehyde as they break down food.
Green plants produce compounds.
Green plants produce edible starches.
Green plants produce flowers.
Green plants produce food.
Green plants produce organic compounds.
Green plants produce seeds.
Green plants produce starches.
Green plants provide energy, in the form of food, and oxygen for other living things.
Green plants provide humans with food, fiber, fuel and medicine.
Green plants provide the world s supply of food.
Green plants reflect mostly green and near-green light to viewers rather than absorbing it .
Green plants reflect mostly green and near-green light to viewers rather than absorbing it.
Green plants release oxygen underwater during photosynthesis.
Green plants remove carbon-dioxide from the atmosphere.
Green plants require sunlight, water, carbon dioxide and minerals to make sugars and oxygen.
Green plants store enery in the form of starch.
Green plants synthesize themselves anew from the sun's brilliance.
Green plants tend to grow toward the light source.
Green plants to produce food.
Green plants turn sunlight into food through a process called photosynthesis.
Green plants turn sunlight.
Green plants undergo photosynthesis.
Green plants use carbon dioxide.
Green plants use chlorophyll to capture the energy of sunlight and convert it to food.
Green plants use chlorophyll.
Green plants use dioxide.
Green plants use energy from light to combine carbon dioxide and water to make food.
Green plants use energy.
Green plants use light as their primary energy source.
Green plants use light energy and electrons from water to convert carbon dioxide into cell material.
Green plants use light energy from the sun to manufacture carbohydrates for food.
Green plants use light to produce chlorophyll .
Green plants use photosynthesis to convert carbon dioxide from the air into sugar plus oxygen .
Green plants use photosynthesis to create energy from water, carbon dioxide and sunlight.
Green plants use photosynthesis to trap carbon dioxide using the energy from light.
Green plants use photosynthesis.
Green plants use radiant energy.
Green plants use radiation.
Green plants use solar radiation.
Green plants use sunlight energy.
Green plants use sunlight to make food by the process of photosynthesis.
Green plants use sunlight to make glucose.
Green plants use sunlight.
Green plants use the process of photosynthesis to make carbohydrates.
Green plants use the process of photosynthesis.
Green plants use the sugar to make starch, fats, and proteins.
Green plants use the sunlight to combine carbon dioxide and water to make sugar and oxygen.
Green plants use the sun's rays to turn carbon dioxide and water into carbohydrates.
Green plants use water, carbon dioxide and sunlight energy to make food.
Green plants utilize energy.
All green plants are autotrophs.
All green plants are susceptible, although certain pests favor one type of plant over another.
All green plants are tender and yielding.
All green plants can produce oxygen through a process called photosynthesis.
All green plants contain chlorophyll which absorbs sunlight.
All green plants contain chlorophyll, but it is alfalfa from which most chlorophyll is made.
All green plants contain two forms of chlorophyll, chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b.
All green plants generate salicylates as part of a natural defence mechanism.
All green plants make sugars through a process called photosynthesis.
All green plants require carbon-dioxide for photosynthesis and in return they give out oxygen .
All green plants use a special process called photosynthesis to make food that they use to grow.
All green plants use photosynthesis to convert carbondioxide and water into glucose and oxygen.
Every green plant is given for food.
Most green plants absorb light.
Most green plants acquire energy.
Most green plants contain chlorophyll.
Most green plants develop conditions.
Most green plants develop grow conditions.
Most green plants develop prime grow conditions.
Most green plants find in pasture.
Most green plants get energy.
Most green plants get weather.
Most green plants go through photosynthesis.
Most green plants have branches.
Most green plants have green pigment.
Most green plants have healthy life.
Most green plants have impact.
Most green plants have life.
Most green plants have major impact.
Most green plants have photosynthetic pigment.
Most green plants have pigment.
Most green plants make food.
Most green plants produce compounds.
Most green plants produce edible starches.
Most green plants produce flowers.
Most green plants produce food.
Most green plants produce organic compounds.
Most green plants produce seeds.
Most green plants produce starches.
Most green plants turn sunlight.
Most green plants undergo photosynthesis.
Most green plants use carbon dioxide.
Most green plants use chlorophyll.
Most green plants use dioxide.
Most green plants use energy.
Most green plants use photosynthesis.
Most green plants use radiant energy.
Most green plants use radiation.
Most green plants use solar radiation.
Most green plants use starch as their energy store.
Most green plants use sunlight.
Most green plants utilize energy.
Some green plants create energy.
Some green plants grow in zones.
Some green plants make sugar.
Some green plants obtain energy.
Some green plants remove carbon dioxide.
Some green plants remove dioxide.
Some green plants use carbon.
Some green plants use sugar.
Some green plants utilize gases.
Some green plants utilize nitrogen gases.
Green plantains are starchy and have a taste more comparable to a potato.
Green players are adequate starters or excellent backups.
Many green pleasures await visitors to Denmark.
Green pods are significantly superior in fragrance to the yellow or white bleached ones.
Green pods produce inferior seed.
Green point is also popular at certain times.
Green points indicate points below natural background for lead in Massachusetts Bay.
Green politicians find their views suddenly in the mainstream.
Green polygons are trees, and the gray polygons are the buildings.
Green polygons represent approved commercial shellfish growing areas.
Green possums eat the leaves of the shiny-leafed stinging tree.
Green power comes only from wind, biomass or geothermal sources.
Green power is a term for electricity generated from a renewable resource in a non-polluting way.
Green power is about much more than generating electricity, and the benefits are precious.
Green power is another name for renewable energy.
Green power is dead.
Green power is electricity generated from renewable energy sources.
Green power is electricity produced in an environmentally friendly manner.
Green power is generated by using renewable energy sources.
Green power is generated from resources whose use has minimal environmental impact.
Green power is simply another name for renewable energy.
Green power is the solution to creating a cleaner, sustainable energy system.
Green power provides just such an opportunity.
Green practices have plenty of tangible and intangible benefits.
Green pricing requires a few customers to pay a substantial premium for relatively little power.
Green products are now available which are easy to maintain, durable, recyclable and economical.
Green products offer an intangible emotional benefit that is easily destroyed by mistrust.
Green projects are no exception.
Most green protists are flagellates, that is, they move rapidly with a spiralling motion.
Green quartz is a color treated quartz stone that has been given a deep green color.
Green rays emanate from the windows.
Green rectangles represent good data.
Green regions are wetter and red regions are drier than normal.
Green regions are wetter than normal and red regions are drier than normal.
Green remediation refers to the use of plants to remove heavy metals from contaminated soil.
Green residents are there to help, as usual.
Some green revolution involves introductions.
Green ribbons are everywhere, symbolising support for organ donors and their families.
Green ribbons stand for supporters of survivors.
Green River ca.
Green River flows to the left.
Green River has a medical clinic.
Green River is a community college aimed at educating adults.
Green River is in the fall, so it willbe sometime after that.
Green River is low, fishing is still good, but floating is about over for the season.
Green River is proud to have sister college agreements with the institutions listed below.
Green River works together with our sister colleges on a wide range of cooperative activities.
Green rivers are rivers.
Green roads are different.
Green rocks plunge suddenly into the deep blue waters.
All green rocks are the breath of plants singing in nightly joy.
Green rockets shoot up on the sky-line.
Green roofs are a remarkable new approach to city infrastructure.
Green roofs are a step forward from the old style of rooftop garden associated with penthouses.
Green roofs are another part of the rainwater management programme.
Green roofs are quite common in European countries, where they have had problems with flooding.
Green roofs symbolize bamboo shafts which in turn represent youth and longevity.
Green rooms can get quite crowded.
Green rooms carry less allergen than traditional rooms.
Green runts are pure evil.
Some green salamanders are breed in late springs.
Some green salamanders are breed in springs.
Some green salamanders have distribution.
Green sand is adapted easily and quickly to mechanical and automated production methods.
Green sand is used for casting small propellers and beach sand for larger propellers.
Green sand is used over the winter for mineral content.
Green satyrs are still able to use Animism as their cousins, but their spells are mostly offensive.
Green satyrs are very rare creatures, and usually only one at a time can be sighted.
Green sauces are usually the smallest section, but a bit dicier than the reds.
Green screws are for grounding.
Green sea turtles graze on plants.
Green sea turtles graze on underwater plants.
Green sea turtles have habitats.
Green sea turtles nest on beaches.
Green sea urchins eat animals.
Green season brings daily showers in the afternoon.
Green seats provide a striking contrast and a settling effect.
Green sections are alike, red are different.
Green sections contain up to tank pressure.
Green seed has an immature embryo.
Green seed relates back to the uniformity of the canola crop as it approaches maturity and harvest.
Green seeds are still unripe.
Green seeds germinate more slowly than ripe seeds, but they do germinate.
Green selections are primarily of interest to the professional library community.
Green sentences refer to the input needed by modellers to implement the model.
Green sepals surround stamens.
Most green sepals surround stamens.
Some green sepals contain chloroplasts.
Green shades embrace the mountains, and every where is heard the gentle murmur of flowing water.
Green shades embrace the mountains, and everywhere is heard the gentle murmur of flowing water.
Green shallots are available during the mid to late summer months.
Green shells go straight and bounce off walls whereas red shells home in on other racers .
Green shells go straight and bounce off walls whereas red shells home in on other racers.
Green shirts shackle the big jet fighter to the catapult.
Green shoots are everywhere.
Green shoots are preferred.
Green shoots push through wet earth and start their wavering climb toward the sun.
Green shoots sprout up after a prescribed burn.
Green shoots start to unfold on hills now daubed by a drifting brush of gold.
Green shutters are on the front.
Green side features a cute froggie prince applique.
Green sign is in lower left corner.
Green skin is bad and results from being stored in the sunlight.
Green skin turns yellow when ripe.
Green skirts have length.
Most green skirts have length.
Green skies are very common.
Green slopes are the easiest, then blue, and black are the hardest.
Green slopes rear to front.
Some green smoothies mix with powder.
Some green smoothies mix with protein powder.
Green snails inhabit coral reef zones.
Green snails inhabit tidal zones.
Green snails inhabit zones.
Most green snails inhabit coral reef zones.
Most green snails inhabit tidal zones.
Most green snails inhabit zones.
A green snake is a colubrid
Green snakes do best when they are provided with lots of leafy greenery to blend in with.
Some green snakes eat insects.
Some green snakes live in trees.
Green snap is a more serious problem in the western Corn Belt.
Green snap is also a possibility.
Many green solutions pay off slowly, or solely in terms of benefit to the Earth.
A green soybean is a fresh bean
Green soybeans are acceptable sources of protein and energy.
Green soybeans are lower in calories, fat, carbohydrate and protein.
Green soybeans are usually available frozen and can be stored in a freezer for up to six months.
Some green soybeans come from other countries such as Taiwan.
Green space can also enhance air and water quality.
Green space increases oxygen production, reduces rain water run off and provides bird habitat.
Green space is a key part of a good quality of life.
Green space is abundant both inside and outside of the city.
Green space is an important consideration in master planning.
Green space is beneficial to all.
Green space is critical.
Green space is good for everyone- please keep lawns and walkways free of cars.
Green space is located in parks.
Green space is necessary for healthy neighborhoods.
Green space preserved in perpetuity increases the value of nearby homes.
Green space provides critical human maintenance services.
Green spaces account for more than twelve percent of the total area.
Green spaces are external.
Green spaces are modern euphemisms for public parks.
Green spaces encourage foot traffic and friendly conversations.
Green spaces offer a pleasant respite from the heat and actually help cool the area.
More green space is high on everybody's list.
Most green space is off limits.
Some green space is found at the periphery of the island.
Green spaceship flies overhead.
Green speckles are from real peppermint and spearmint.
Green speed is medium.
Green speeds are moderate and consistent . . .
Green spheres are phosphorus atoms, and red spheres are phosphate oxygens.
Green sponges have symbiotic algae.
Green spots show up in the rainy season.
Green sprigs are added to the nest until the eggs hatch.
Green spring brings life, but eternal frost and winter brings death.
Green squares indicate requests that are still pending.
Green squares indicate the final link in a series.
Green squares mark draggable points which generate simple shear or pure shear strain.
Green squares represent public parking areas.
Green squares represent the build orders for the unit currently selected.
Green stamps are cheaper and more widely acceptable.
Green states have state-level data.
Green status allows normal access.
Some green stems have shapes.
Some green stems have square shapes.
Green stones are especially interesting in terms of placement.
Green stools can be the result of a foremilk-hindmilk imbalance.
Some green stools have worms.
Green strength is the strength of the clay material in the wet or plastic state.
Green strength refers to the strength of a part before it has completely cured.
Some green stripes run down centers.
Green sturgeon are highly migratory in the ocean.
Green sulfur is often a light greenish color, while purple sulfur is purple or reddish brown.
Green summer leaves turning beautiful reddish-brown in the fall.
Green summer leaves turning yellow in fall.
Green swordtails are prolific live-bearers.
Green swordtails are very popular aquarium fish, and as such, are commercially valuable.
Green symbols indicate real-time links.
Green tags are valid only after the in-season review.
Green tags indicate approval and red tags indicate disapproval.
Green taxes can encourage companies to use resources more efficiently and become more competitive.
Green taxes can help advance the development of new technology.
Green taxes work.
Green tea adds antioxidant properties.
Green tea appears to be potentially an ideal agent for chemoprevention.
Green tea appears to have more preventative properties than black teas.
Green tea blocks the attachment of bacteria to the teeth, protecting against cavities.
Green tea can be a significant source of vitamin K and thus antagonize the effect of warfarin.
Green tea can be drunk, or it can be swallowed in the form of a tablet or capsule.
Green tea can help fight infection, heart disease, and arthritis.
Green tea can help to suppress ageing .
Green tea can help to suppress aging and replenish the body of nutrients lost.
Green tea comes chiefly from China and Japan.
Green tea comes from a large shrub with evergreen leaves.
Green tea comes from the same plant as black tea, but is processed differently.
Green tea comes from the tea plant, just as black tea does.
Green tea contains a high concentration of a class of antioxidants called catechins.
Green tea contains antioxidants that seen to reduce damage and speed healing.
Green tea contains antioxidants.
Green tea contains antiviral polyphenols.
Green tea contains caffeine which has a strong stimulating effect.
Green tea contains caffeine.
Green tea contains caffeine.
Green tea contains catechins, powerful phytochemicals that possess many health promoting properties.
Green tea contains chemicals which are antioxidants.
Green tea contains compounds that kill prostate cancer cells.
Green tea contains flavonoids called catechins.
Green tea contains high concentrations of antioxidants that have known protective effects.
Green tea contains high levels of polyphenols called catechins.
Green tea contains huge amounts of a phytochemical bioflavonoid called cathechin.
Green tea contains less caffeine and a little more tannic acid.
Green tea contains many nutrients that can be beneficial to ones health.
Green tea contains many volatile oils, vitamins, and minerals, as well as caffeine.
Green tea contains more catechins than black tea or oblong tea.
Green tea contains polyphenols and a specific family called catechins.
Green tea contains polyphenols, chemicals that act as powerful antioxidants.
Green tea contains polyphenols, mainly flavonoids.
Green tea contains polyphenols, researched for their antioxidant and other healthy properties.
Green tea contains polyphenols.
Green tea contains similar polyphenols.
Green tea contains substances.
Green tea contains the least caffeine, Black tea the most, and Oolong falls in the middle range.
Green tea contains the potent flavanoid EGCg.
Green tea contains the tannin, catechin, which has been shown to be an important antioxidant.
Green tea contains twice as much.
Green tea contains very little caffeine.
Green tea controls high blood pressure .
Green tea enhances memory.
Green tea extract A powerful antioxidant.
Green tea has a centuries-old history of safety.
Green tea has a deeply embedded place in Japanese culture.
Green tea has a high content of vitamins and minerals.
Green tea has about half the caffeine of black tea while herbal tea has none.
Green tea has more essential oils than the more highly processed black tea.
Green tea has safety.
Green tea has the ability to kill certain bacteria.
Green tea has the capability of lowering blood sugar levels.
Green tea has the longest history and still ranks first in output and variety today.
Green tea has twice the vitamin C as compared to the commonly found Western black tea.
Green tea helps control high blood pressure.
Green tea helps prevent certain cancers.
Green tea helps the digestive tract, and cleanses the body of some toxins.
Green tea inhibits several viruses, including viral hepatitis.
Green tea involves the least processing.
Green tea is a crop that is often sprayed with a wide variety of pesticides.
Green tea is a delicious, invigorating drink that is becoming more and more popular in the west.
Green tea is a great source of vitamin C and contains many nutrients, most importantly polyphenols.
Green tea is a healthy diet too.
Green tea is a hundred times more effective than vitamin C at protecting our bodies from disease.
Green tea is a hypotensive, lowering blood pressure and helping to increase blood flow to the heart.
Green tea is a miraculous medicine for the maintenance of health.
Green tea is a non-toxic beverage.
Green tea is a stimulant like caffeine but also stimulates endorphins in the body.
Green tea is a tea leaf
Green tea is a tea that has undergone little oxidation while it was processed .
Green tea is a tea that has undergone little oxidation while it was processed.
Green tea is a universally popular drink.
Green tea is a very popular beverage in Japan and throughout many parts of the world.
Green tea is also a natural antioxidant , rich in vitamin C and has immune protecting properties.
Green tea is also a rich source of fluoride, which prevents tooth decay.
Green tea is also effective against a strain of staph that has become antibiotic-resistant.
Green tea is also high in fluoride.
Green tea is also the fastest growing segment of the tea market.
Green tea is an antioxidant and has been shown to combat skin cancers and sooth sunburns.
Green tea is an antioxidant that helps to remove excess iron from the liver.
Green tea is an antioxidant which promotes a healthy scalp.
Green tea is an excellent health supplement.
Green tea is another drink that packs a lot of sugar.
Green tea is another good choice.
Green tea is available in extracts and capsules.
Green tea is available in most health food stores or Asian markets.
Green tea is believed to be the best for fighting cancers.
Green tea is believed to prevent cancer.
Green tea is best during the meal.
Green tea is best.
Green tea is considered as one of the three major non-alcoholic beverages in the world.
Green tea is consumed to a much greater extent in China and other parts of Asia.
Green tea is definitely the better choice of the two.
Green tea is dried fresh tea leaves.
Green tea is dried quickly, without interruption.
Green tea is drunk mainly in China, Japan and some parts of South America.
Green tea is drunk usually without sugar and milk.
Green tea is favored for continuous studies.
Green tea is filled with tons of powerful antioxidants, which can help fight cancer cells.
Green tea is FULL of bioflavenoids.
Green tea is full of free radical scavengers, as well.
Green tea is graded by age and style.
Green tea is graded using different terminology in each tea-growing region.
Green tea is harvested in tea estates in a wide range of countries.
Green tea is healthy and helps promote the body's healing.
Green tea is is mainly grown on plateaus and sloping fields.
Green tea is likely even better.
Green tea is made by preventing the tea leaves from ever oxidizing at all.
Green tea is made by steaming and drying fresh tea leaves.
Green tea is made by steaming and drying.
Green tea is made from unfermented leaves, and Oolong tea is made from partially fermented leaves.
Green tea is manufactured from fresh, unfermented tea leaves.
Green tea is marketed in health food stores and in many of the larger supermarkets.
Green tea is mild and has more health benefits than black tea.
Green tea is milder, has a light green color, and a more constrictive taste.
Green tea is more prevalent in the East, while black tea is more common in the West.
Green tea is naturally low in caffeine, about a quarter the caffeine in a cup of coffee.
Green tea is one of the most powerful anti-oxidants in the world.
Green tea is only lightly processed and tastes earthy and vegetative.
Green tea is only steamed and dried, so it is more like drinking a beverage from the fresh leaf.
Green tea is picked and then quickly dried, either pan-fried, steamed or fired in an oven.
Green tea is prepared from fresh leaves and buds which are pan-fried then rolled and dried.
Green tea is prepared in such a way as to preclude the oxidation of green leaf polyphenols.
Green tea is produced by lightly steaming the fresh cut black tea leaf.
Green tea is produced by steaming fresh-picked leaves before heat drying.
Green tea is produced much like the others, except that the leaf is heated before rolling.
Green tea is produced with the goal of preserving the leaf polyphenols.
Green tea is put into a large steamer and heated immediately after picking.
Green tea is refreshing and available everywhere.
Green tea is regarded as an antioxidant.
Green tea is rich in antioxidants.
Green tea is rich in bioflavonoids - compounds that help fight damaging free radicals.
Green tea is rich in bioflavonoids compounds that help fight damaging free radicals.
Green tea is rich in flavonoids.
Green tea is rich in polyphenols, a group of powerful antioxidants.
Green tea is said to be good at night and supposedly has a calming effect.
Green tea is said to counteract negative affects.
Green tea is served throughout the meal.
Green tea is served with most meals.
Green tea is served.
Green tea is simply dried leaves of the tea plant.
Green tea is steamed immediately after picking to stop oxidation.
Green tea is steamed immediately after plucking.
Green tea is steamed to prevent fermentation.
Green tea is steamed, baked or pan heated to prevent oxidation and thus the leaves remain green.
Green tea is steamed, baked or pan heated to prevent oxidation and thus, the leaves remain green.
Green tea is tea.
Green tea is terrific just before bed.
Green tea is the best drink to refresh the body and diminish free radicals in the body.
Green tea is the beverage of choice and is available pretty much all the time.
Green tea is the drink of hospitality and predominant.
Green tea is the latest, and possibly oldest, panacea.
Green tea is the least processed, youngest, and freshest of teas.
Green tea is the least processed.
Green tea is the most dynamic subsector in both volume and value in France and Germany.
Green tea is the most popular drink.
Green tea is the most popular of national soft drinks.
Green tea is the most widely consumed beverage in the world.
Green tea is the oldest tea of all kinds.
Green tea is the palest in color of the three, typically a subtle shade of light green or yellow.
Green tea is the primary form consumed in China, Japan and some Middle Eastern countries.
Green tea is thought to promote healthy hair.
Green tea is thought to reduce the risk of a drinker developing certain types of cancer.
Green tea is unfermented and has a fresh, herby flavor.
Green tea is unfermented tea.
Green tea is unfermented, black tea is fermented, and oolong is semi-fermented.
Green tea is unfermented, oolong tea is semi-fermented and black tea is fermented.
Green tea is unfermented.
Green tea is used in an ointment for genital warts.
Green tea is very popular and can be obtained almost anywhere.
Green tea is very popular in China, Japan, and India.
Green tea is very rich in epicatechin.
Green tea lowers the blood sugar level .
Green tea makes an excellent breakfast drink and contains less caffeine than coffee.
Green tea produces a yellowish-green brew and is milder tasting than black teas.
Green tea promotes the healing of tissues and helps protect against skin cell damage.
Green tea reduces the risk of arterial blood clotting by two known mechanisms.
Green tea refreshes the body .
Green tea regulates cell cycle progression in oral leukoplakia.
Green tea requires a quicker brewing time from most teas to keep it from becoming bitter tasting.
Green tea restricts the increase of blood cholesterol .
Green tea restricts the increase of blood cholesterol.
Green tea retains many chemicals of the fresh leaf.
Green tea seems like a cozy way to control cholesterol.
Green tea skips the oxidizing step.
Green tea stimulates the nervous system, promotes fat-burning and improves bone density.
Green tea strengthens arteries and reduces excess fats in the blood.
Green tea tastes good, too.
Green teas aid the body in the digestion process, and help soothe the stomach's sensitive tissue.
Green teas are as varied and unique as wines.
Green teas are the least processed.
Green teas are usually best drunk within a few weeks of purchase.
Green teas have a more delicate taste and lighter color, while oolong is a cross between the two.
Green teas have a pale color and less aroma and flavor than black teas.
Green teas produce a mild delicate flavor.
Green teas range from a light, fragrant taste to a very bold vegetal flavor.
All green teas come from one species of camellia bush.
Most green tea contains caffeine.
Most green tea contains substances.
Most green tea does contain caffeine.
Most green tea has safety.
Some green tea has effects.
Some green tea helps damage.
Some green tea helps weight.
Some green tea promotes fat oxidation.
Green teams are a great way to improve communication.
Green teams are potential points.
Green teasers is the best color for now.
Green technologies are preventative.
Green technologies offer some of the brightest business opportunities of the new century.
Green technology is transferred to developing countries, which is positive.
Green terrain is below the aircraft, yellow is above, and red is well above.
Green text denotes herpetological club activity.
Green text indicates a link to more information.
Green text indicates material that no longer appears in the print version of the book.
Green text is for emphasis.
Green text is nested inside of the red text.
Green text is to be added.
Green text means that the picture is selected.
Green text represents hypertext links .
Green text signifies fresh thinking .
Green things absorb all but green light.
Green thoughts eat sands fearlessly.
Green thoughts emerge from some deep source of stillness which the very fact of winter has released.
Green threads implement user level threads, and use only a single OS thread.
Green threads prove inefficient for a number of reasons.
A green thumb is strength
Green thumbs abound.
Green thumbs can grow online.
Green tickets allow renewable energy generators to sell with a ready revenue stream.
Green tickets are the other side of the coin of pollution credits.
Green timber is the more common type of timber used in cutting timber frame structures.
Green time is for production only.
Green tissue has to be present for infection.
Green toads are green or yellow with black spots .
Green toads are green or yellow with black spots.
Green tomato remains long afterwards.
Green tomatoes are a happy dilemma.
Green tomatoes are more acidic than ripened tomatoes and can be canned safely.
Green tomatos are green.
Green tomatos are tomatos.
Some green tomatoes have horns.
Green tone predominates in summer.
Green tops are pot herbs.
Green tourmaline is available in tumbled stones.
Green tourmaline is believed to be a healer on all level.
Green Township is a primarily rural township.
Green traces are the number of actual tide calculations requested.
Green trails are easiest, blue trails are more difficult, and black trails are rated most difficult.
Green tree frogs like to sing in damp weather, but also in fair weather before a big rainfall.
Green trees are an important part of any village.
Green trees enclose the country village, Blue hills slope upward from the outskirts.
Green trees line the roads.
Green trees wave outside wall-height windows.
Green troops are generally less skilled but with higher morale than veteran troops.
Green trust bulldozes a family s farm.
Green turquoise is female and of the earth.
A green turtle is a marine turtle
Green turtle nesting is the most widespread and occurs on most of the islands in the area.
Green turtles are fond of sea grasses, while leatherbacks favour jellyfish.
Green turtles are herbivores, feeding on sea grasses, algae and mangrove shoots.
Green turtles are primarily vegetarian as adults.
Green turtles are sea turtles.
Green turtles are the most common nesting species on southern Great Barrier Reef islands.
Green turtles are the most common visitors.
Green turtles are the only sea turtles that eat plants.
Green turtles are vegetarian and rely on sea grass beds as a food source.
Green turtles become entangled in trap lines and drown.
Green turtles do exhibit strong site-fidelity in successive nesting seasons.
Green turtles graze on plants.
Green turtles graze on underwater plants.
Green turtles grow slowly.
Green turtles have an oval or heartshaped carapace, which is part of their skeleton.
Green turtles have two main nesting areas.
Green turtles know a good thing when they see it.
Green turtles nest on beaches.
Green turtles play roles.
Green turtles prefer sea grasses, while leatherbacks feed primarily on jellyfish.
Green turtles reach length.
Green turtles seem to be most vulnerable.
Green turtles undertake lengthy migration.
Green turtles undertake migration.
Most green turtles graze on plants.
Most green turtles graze on underwater plants.
Most green turtles play roles.
Most green turtles reach length.
Most green turtles undertake lengthy migration.
Most green turtles undertake migration.
Some green turtles dig holes.
Some green turtles eat animals.
Some green turtles feed on cayman island turtle farms.
Some green turtles feed on farms.
Some green turtles feed on jelly.
Some green turtles have middles.
Some green turtles live in sea.
Green Valley gets the ball back and wins on a last-second field goal .
Green Valley has a large number of seniors avoiding a harsher winter climate.
Green Valley has abundant recreational opportunities.
Green Valley is a nice place to be.
Green Valley is a very secluded and quiet place.
Green Valley is open for camping year round.
Green Valley is such a place.
Green values indicate the earthquakes occurred in Idaho.
Green varieties are often much more productive.
Green variety is called tsavorite and is occassionally cut as a gem.
Green vectors represent water motion, red vectors represent sediment transport.
Green vectors show the Earth's magnetic field.
Green vegetables are also a good source.
Green vegetables are also good sources.
Green vegetables are another source.
Green vegetables are especially important.
Green vegetables are generally low in calories.
Green vegetables are high in calcium and magnesium in just the right proportions.
Green vegetables are important to the African diet.
Green vegetables are part of meals.
Green vegetables are very low in calories while high in water and fiber.
Green vegetables become more acceptable.
Green vegetables contain amounts.
Green vegetables have a protective effect.
Green vegetables have components.
Green vegetables have high values.
Green vegetables have values.
Green vegetables include cabbages.
Green vegetables provide carbohydrates.
Green vegetables provide nutrients.
Green vegetables turn olive-brown.
Most green vegetables contain amounts.
Most green vegetables have components.
Most green vegetables have high values.
Most green vegetables have values.
Most green vegetables provide carbohydrates.
Most green vegetables provide nutrients.
Some green vegetables belong to families.
Some green vegetables belong to lily families.
Some green vegetables contain calcium.
Some green vegetables have calcium.
Green vegetation appears red and water appears black.
Green vegetation is in the diet in all months of the year.
Green vegetation is seen as shades of red.
Green vegetation is visible on the high crater rim in the center.
Green vegetation presses against the glass.
Many green veggies are bitter, hence toxic.
Green velvet creates a rich green sward which is easy to maintain and requires less mowing.
Green velvet leaves.
Green voters tend to have a relatively high level of education.
Green warblers have bright yellow faces.
Green warblers have faces.
Most green warblers have bright yellow faces.
Green waste consists of most organic yard materials.
Green waste is a large part of the problem, since many invasive plants can propagate asexually.
Green waste is added to biosolids from the wastewater treatment facility.
Green waste is almost all organic landscape waste materials.
Green waste is collected at curbside and taken to a composting facility.
Green waste is collected one week, and mixed recycling the next.
Green waste is mulched vegetation and adds oxygen to the mixture, an essential for the worms.
Green waste is waste that can be recycled.
Green waste makes up more than half of the biodegradable waste.
Green wastes are branches, shrubs, and lawn.
Green water is a term used to describe unicellular algae.
Green water is an altogether different matter.
Green water is caused by an imbalance in the chemistry of the pond.
Green water is caused by suspended algae.
Green water is healthier in terms of oxygen production and buffering of pH changes.
Green water is lower than pond scum.
Green water is the ideal first food but microworms are good substitute.
Green water is very useful in the raising of daphnia and brine shrimp.
Green weeds can also cause problems by coating the soybean seed with green stain.
Green weeks are more intense and seem to require more homework of students.
Green weight is the weight of a cord of freshly cut wood before drying.
Green wood Handle with finger grooves.
Green wood is a heck of a lot easier to turn.
Green wood is also preferable for steam bending.
Green wood is pliable and moist and makes good baskets.
Green wood is soft and easily worked.
Green wood needs to cure at least three months.
Green woods tends to rupture when bent.
Green workouts are the easiest, red workouts the hardest.
Green Zone is protest speak for an area free of tear gas or police clashes.
Green zucchini is the most popular, but some grocers also carry a bright yellow variety.
Green indicates live signal and red indicates dead.
Green is color
Green is color.
Green is colour.
Green is environmentalists.
Green is part of golf courses.
Green is political parties.
Green is sites.
Green is vegetables.
Green is yellow.
Green works well in most combinations of green shades.
Greens actually come in a wide variety of colors, textures, shapes, and flavors.
Greens also campaign for greater democratic control and openness in institutions of power.
Greens also help bring nature indoors, making a hot, sunny room seem cooler.
Greens also seem to be more lifelike.
Greens also show up in Charleston reproduction porcelain plates on the living-room mantel.
Greens also vary widely on issues.
Greens appear slow and methodical.
Greens are a bit patchy, but in decent condition, and the fairways are well-maintained.
Greens are a new paradigm party in process, trying to shape a politics that really honors democracy.
Greens are a rare and wonderful kind of person.
Greens are adequate players.
Greens are almost always soft enough to hold a good approach shot but firm enough to putt well.
Greens are also a great source of vitamin C , iron and folate .
Greens are also committed to fairness and non-violence.
Greens are also concerned about the loss of grassroots democracy in Maine.
Greens are also good for institutional settings such as hospitals, workplaces and schools.
Greens are among the best.
Greens are anything that is fresh and green.
Greens are appropriate for any age of rabbit.
Greens are beautiful and well-kept.
Greens are beautiful bentgrass, and fairways are bermudagrass.
Greens are beautiful.
Greens are Bent.
Greens are best if consumed within a year and safe as long as lids remain vacuum sealed.
Greens are best if consumed within a year and safe as long as lids remain vacuum-sealed.
Greens are best when cut into larger pieces or strips.
Greens are better in the beginning of the year.
Greens are builders.
Greens are different.
Greens are especially well-kept.
Greens are essential - spinach or spring greens.
Greens are essential.
Greens are excellent and require proper club selection for good birdie attempts.
Greens are excellent sources of calcium.
Greens are extremely bright.
Greens are fairly large and primarily flat yet gently sloped.
Greens are fantastic.
Greens are fast and big.
Greens are fast and fairways are tight with towering oak trees.
Greens are fast and fairways narrow.
Greens are fast and have subtle breaks that can fool the golfer.
Greens are fast and there are bunkers.
Greens are fast and true.
Greens are fast.
Greens are fierce and passionate people who do what they do because of commitment to values.
Greens are firm and crispy.
Greens are for heterosexual females or homosexual males.
Greens are fragile.
Greens are fresh moist materials, such as fresh grass cuttings and kitchen food scraps.
Greens are fresh moist materials, such as fresh grass cuttings and limited kitchen food scraps.
Greens are fresh.
Greens are generally small and fast.
Greens are generally well maintained.particularly during the first half of the year.
Greens are good but difficult to read with a good amount of undulations.
Greens are good for harmony, forgiveness, compassion and understanding.
Greens are good- try lettuce or celery sticks.
Greens are grass clippings, coffee grounds, kitchen scrapes and horse manure.
Greens are here.
Greens are highly competitive and enjoy challenges.
Greens are highly contoured and landing areas tend to be tight.
Greens are huge, and mildly undulating, the latter being magnified by the green speed.
Greens are huge, varied in shape, and steeply sloped, but with few tricky undulations.
Greens are important providers of nitrogen in the composting process.
Greens are important, but the routing is the heart and soul.
Greens are in danger of getting too rigid.
Greens are in excellent condition and putt well.
Greens are in good shape.
Greens are incapable of bringing about the fundamenatal reforms needed for action.
Greens are inclined to ask questions.
Greens are incredulous.
Greens are inherently pacifist.
Greens are keener than anyone to dispense with a centralized government.
Greens are large and contoured with a good number of well placed sand bunkers.
Greens are large and most have sand bunkers.
Greens are large and undulating.
Greens are large and well-groomed.
Greens are large, fast, and generously undulating.
Greens are large.
Greens are larger due to the popularity of the game and the rounds being played.
Greens are like the Blues, they are the great stakeholders of America.
Greens are long-term investors.
Greens are medium speed.
Greens are medium-size.
Greens are mixed with chicken, a Tabasco-spiked dressing, chunks of celery and blue cheese.
Greens are more about money than the environment.
Greens are more committed to the environment and motivated to do something.
Greens are more likely to win at the local level.
Greens are movers and shakers when it comes to taking action.
Greens are municipal standards at best.
Greens are new and better protected, but just as small and glassy.
Greens are nitrogen rich and are usually moist.
Greens are no different.
Greens are notably fast.
Greens are now in a majority in the Seattle city council.
Greens are one of the most regular nesters, nesting every other year.
Greens are only mildly undulating.
Greens are over-seeded during the brief winter months to provide the fine putting surfaces required.
Greens are perfect out there.
Greens are quick and fairways are smooth.
Greens are quick most of the time, and wind can play with most shots.
Greens are relatively flat, however awkward pin positions can make the course a good challenge.
Greens are relatively small.
Greens are reluctant to accept the ideas of others without question.
Greens are rich in folate that helps to reduce blood levels of harmful amino acids.
Greens are small and fast.
Greens are small to medium size with moderate breaks.
Greens are small, a throwback to old-style courses.
Greens are small, some with bunkers.
Greens are spacious.
Greens are strongly opposed to any patents on life.
Greens are subtle, yet spacious.
Greens are symbolic of gardens, meadows and forests.
Greens are terrible.
Greens are the fifth most nutritious vegetable in the world.
Greens are the innovators of the world.
Greens are the new neutral.
Greens are the new neutrals.
Greens are the nitrogen source of the pile.
Greens are the third largest party in Germany and part of the governing coalition in France.
Greens are uncomfortable operating in the emotional zone.
Greens are usually on a constant field rotation to avoid club-root infestation in the soil.
Greens are very drawn to money, power, and business.
Greens are very fast.
Greens are very impressive.
Greens are very large, very fast, and have significant breaks.
Greens are very low in calories and sodium.
Greens are well-maintained.
Greens are worried about the growing global scarcity of fresh water.
Greens believe diversity is both a cause and an effect of a healthy society.
Greens believe in a democratic, decentralized society of self-reliant individuals.
Greens believe in empowerment of all, and in equality of rights, opportunities and responsibilities.
Greens believe that all people have a genuine contribution to make to society.
Greens believe that people know best how to solve their own problems.
Greens call for sustainable agriculture and food self-reliance.
Greens call for thorough overhaul of pensions system Bonn.
Greens call for tougher approach to financial crime Bonn.
Greens call for water rationing.
Greens call on Japan to end whaling, U.S. to act.
Greens can be difficult but always well-maintained.
Greens can be good when the frogs are out.
Greens can be laxative in large amounts.
Greens can include such things as lettuce, endive, chickweed, clover, watercress, and spinach.
Greens can legitimately organize along the lines of natural boundaries or by proximity .
Greens can stain a rabbit's fur.
Greens come from all walks of life.
Greens come in all shapes and sizes.
Greens continue as a mainstay, acting almost as a neutral.
Greens count, too.
Greens crave knowledge.
Greens currently hold no seats in parliament, but they offer voters a bold environmental strategy.
Greens define racism as prejudice plus power.
Greens discuss petrol price again Bonn.
Greens engaging in politics does catch the attention of the public.
Greens face setback.
Greens fall in the middle and are less noticeably affected.
Greens fight the corrupt big money that influences our government.
Greens generally fast in season.
Greens get more flexibility on credit card rates.
Greens Get Real .
Greens give the nitrogen necessary for protein formation.
Greens give way to brilliant hues of yellow, orange and red. .
Greens have a better record than most when it comes to dealing with the concerns of feminists.
Greens have a different approach.
Greens have a slightly sweet flavor and can be cooked or served in salads.
Greens have magnesium which helps maintain calcium levels.
Greens have moderate breaks.
Greens have some brown patches at their highest points, but overall are in good shape.
Greens have that essential, basic cooked-greens taste with no bitterness.
Greens have the necessary fiber and nutrient content for our iguanas.
Greens have the smallest head size compared to their body size for a sea turtle.
Greens have their own focalizing iconography in the key values.
Greens have undulations that are a challenge to putt.
Greens help build the blood and keeps the blood alkaline for more oxygen.
Greens help individuals reach for that life.
Greens hold first internet convention Stuttgart.
Greens hope to show how the pieces fit together, out of the puzzle assemble the big picture.
Greens know they are right and can be almost crushed by that knowledge.
Greens launch global campaign against oil companies.
Greens look to ecology for examples.
Greens make a difference by being involved.
Greens mean various lives.
Greens nowadays have more humps and undulations than ever and are surrounded by more bunkers.
Greens only drawback.
Greens oppose the outrageous rate hikes for natural gas.
Greens propose to save half.
Greens push back against browns on blades and branches.
Greens putt true.
Greens range from expansive and rolling to small and flat.
Greens recognise a symptom of capitalism and then have different ways of solving the problem.
Greens recognize patterns and discover solutions very quickly.
Greens recognize that the Earth sustains all life processes.
Greens reflect concentration and a focus on what needs to be done.
Greens regrow for additional harvests without replanting.
Greens represent life, growth and vitality.
Greens represent lower elevations.
Greens resist imperialism.
Greens respond to facts, figures, comparisons and analyses.
Greens say snowmobilers continuously break laws.
Greens seek gold out West Links to top Election challenge stories are at the foot of the page.
Greens seeking reasons to mandate a sustainable culture and economy, exaggerate the problem.
Greens seem to be especially ephemeral in preserved material.
Greens seem to be so large on newer courses as compared to some of the older ones.
Greens show propaganda films of thousand acre clearing and burnings.
Greens show summer wear with small holes of unrepaired ball marks.
Greens speed medium fast.
Greens stay true to line.
Greens still think that the government is impeding the flow of energy-efficient technology.
Greens suggest five weeks of vacation per year, disincentives for overtime, and job sharing.
Greens support world-wide zero population growth.
Greens swim with powerful beats of their wing-like front flippers.
Greens tend to be on the slow side.
Greens tend to be small, round and flat.
Greens tend to get carried away on tangents and lose track of time.
Greens tend to have either blue tones or yellow.
Greens tend to putt true, without a great deal of break.
Greens think globally and act locally.
Greens think the planet is more fragile than either reds or blues are willing to recognize.
Greens Trim off tough stems.
Greens try to cooperate discount their ideals as utopian social engineering.
Greens turn their bond into gold.
Greens understand that it is too late for tens of thousands of species in existence today.
Greens use contour, and to lesser degree grain, to create excess speed.
Greens vary from dark teal, hunter, to celadon.
Greens vary in size.
Greens often combine a structural blue with a yellow pigment.
Greens often take on a blue-green shade.
Greens sometimes have a difficult time initially categorizing themselves as one particular color.
Greens usually consist of cucumber strips and a wonderful, seasoned white vinegar.
All greens are free of fat and cholesterol.
All greens contain chlorophyll which purifies the blood of the toxins that cause skin eruptions.
All greens offer good nutritional value.
Every green is unique and all are large appealing and well maintained.
Many greens are used on a daily basis.
Many Greens balk at the idea of taking certain special interest money, regardless of circumstances.
Many Greens currently call for local community decision-making on a wide variety of issues.
Many greens grow best in cool weather and mature in a relatively short amount of time.
Many greens oppose it.
Many Greens run in the election in a purely educational role.
Most Greens agree that environmental questions are directly linked to social questions.
Most greens are a great source of protein.
Most greens are a snap to start from seeds, germinating in a few days and growing quickly.
Most greens are above or below the fairway.
Most greens are abundant sources of calcium.
Most greens are of the pop-up variety and fall off severely to the sides and beyond.
Most greens are open in front to accept low-running shots.
Most greens have no truly favorable pin positions as their undulations resemble radio waves.
Most greens have two to four sand traps each.
Some greens also provide iron.
Some greens are almost too challenging.
Some greens are double and triple-tiered, forcing more decisive shots to the green.
Some greens are easier than others.
Some greens are into nature as a model for society.
Some greens are lighter and some darker and some purplish.
Some greens are peppery, others sweet, and still others have a slightly bitter flavor.
Some greens are quietly delighted that California's electric grid can no longer be trusted.
Some Greens ask for a weekend election day, easier write-ins, or a national initiative process.
Some Greens believe the best way to make a quilt is with lots of bleach.
Some greens can be very difficult, lacking a flat spot anywhere.
Some greens feature subtle roll-offs or collars, which fall away.
Some greens sit atop cliffs, while others meander along spring-fed creeks.
A greenback is paper currency
Greenbacks are available.
Greenbacks have a brand-name premium.
Greenbelt land is no longer a protection for picturesque countryside.
Greenbelt land is open to the public for hiking, cross-country skiing and nature observation.
Greenbelt Park is an oasis of greenspace within an urban area.
Greenbelt Park is located just a few minutes from campus.
A greenbelt is a belt
All greenbelts feature lighted bike paths, often with bike tunnel crossings of busy streets.
Greenbrier County appears to be targeted for the chopping block.
A greenbrier is a vine
Greenbrier produces grass-fed beef and other livestock.
Greener fuels can help cut the environmental impact of transport.
Greener individuals have a whitish vein in the center of the hind wing.
Greener plants are indicative of a healthier environment.
A greenery is a leaf
Greeneries are leafs.
Greenery abounds thanks to lawn irrigation.
Greenery also helps mitigate the polluted storm runoff that plagues area streams.
Greenery also is used frequently as a filler.
Greenery Bring the outdoors in with a year-round green bouquet.
Greenery gradually gives way to rock, massive peaks and a few scrawny shrubs.
Greenery here is mostly juniper with a few ponderosa pines.
Greenery is a part of our national identity.
Greenery is a simple way to decorate inexpensively and beautifully.
Greenery is everywhere, and there is no shortage of food.
Greenery is filled with flowers.
Greenery is hung on the walls and over the doorways.
Greenery is needed for photosynthesis.
Greenery is nice.
Greenery is on all the windows along with red bows and wreaths.
Greenery is plentiful with native and ornamental trees and shrubbery.
Greenery is thought to promote creativity.
Greenery is ubiquitous.
Greenery planted in the courtyard presents an inner garden.
Greenery pokes out between wrought-iron balconies overheated by the sun.
Greenery views from one side.
More greenery is needed in the surroundings of the residence.
Some greenery softens the edges.
Greenfield investments are likely to be attracted in order to expand essential infrastructure.
A greengage is a plum
Greengages have a yellowish-green skin when ripe and are quite sweet.
Greengrocer isa grocer.
Greengrocers have (part) arms.
Greengrocers have (part) body substances.
Greengrocers have (part) cell membranes.
Greengrocers have (part) cells.
Greengrocers have (part) corpi.
Greengrocers have (part) cytoplasm.
Greengrocers have (part) heads.
Greengrocers have (part) human bodies.
Greengrocers have (part) legs.
Greengrocers have (part) material bodies.
Greengrocers have (part) necks.
Greengrocers have (part) nuclei.
Greengrocers have (part) personality.
Greengrocers have (part) plasma membranes.
Greengrocers have (part) sections.
Greengrocers have (part) vacuoles.
Greengrocers live in urban areas, forests and woodlands.
Some greengrocers provide services.
Greenhorn Mountain offers some of the most remote and lightly used wilderness in the state.
A greenhorn is a beginner
Greenhorns grow well when praised.
Some greenhorn publishes a book and everyone is anxious to read it.
A greenhouse effect is a physical phenomenon
Greenhouse effect is the reason behind global warming and climate change.
Greenhouse effect Push the green button to continue after the animation pauses.
Greenhouse effects occur in environments.
Most greenhouse effects occur in environments.
Some greenhouse effect is good.
A greenhouse emission is a gas
Greenhouse emissions are still the biggest con as of today.
Greenhouse emissions occur when fossil fuel is oxidized.
Greenhouse frogs are ubiquitous wherever there are buildings and landscaping.
Greenhouse gas emissions affect temperature.
Greenhouse gas emissions are caused by activities.
Greenhouse gas emissions are caused by human activities.
Greenhouse gas emissions contribute to events.
Greenhouse gas emissions increase precipitation.
A greenhouse gas is a gas
Greenhouse gases absorb and re-radiate infrared radiation efficiently.
Greenhouse gases absorb and retain heat from the sun.
Greenhouse gases act as the glass in a greenhouse.
Greenhouse gases act radiatively to warm the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases affect climate by absorbing and emitting infrared radiation.
Greenhouse gases affect energy output from the Earth, since they trap energy in the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases are a natural part of the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases are a primary contributor to global warming.
Greenhouse gases are a problem, and it's time for the usual and effective American solution.
Greenhouse gases are another source of air pollution.
Greenhouse gases are any gases that absorb infrared radiation in the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases are both natural and manmade.
Greenhouse gases are gases which absorb visible light.
Greenhouse gases are gases.
Greenhouse gases are global in their effect upon the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases are in the earth's atmosphere .
Greenhouse gases are largely transparent to solar radiation.
Greenhouse gases are naturally present in the planet's atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases are ones that tend to trap solar energy or heat, causing the atmosphere to warm up.
Greenhouse gases are responsible for the greenhouse effect.
Greenhouse gases are the driving force behind global warming.
Greenhouse gases are the key.
Greenhouse gases are the steroids of the climate system.
Greenhouse gases are, however, only part of the human-induced problem.
Greenhouse gases block both incoming and outgoing radiation.
Greenhouse gases can build up in the air and damage the ozone layer that surrounds the Earth.
Greenhouse gases can cause increased atmospheric temperatures.
Greenhouse gases can have effects.
Greenhouse gases can have negative effects.
Greenhouse gases cause global warming.
Greenhouse gases change the climate and weather on our planet , Earth .
Greenhouse gases change the climate and weather on our planet, Earth.
Greenhouse gases come from natural sources too.
Greenhouse gases come from natural sources, and also from human activities.
Greenhouse gases come from natural sources.
Greenhouse gases come from sources.
Greenhouse gases differ in their contributions to global warming.
Greenhouse gases differ in their impacts on global temperatures.
Greenhouse gases emitted by human activity increase the amount of heat trapped by the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases enter atmospheres.
Greenhouse gases have a warming effect on surface temperatures.
Greenhouse gases include methane.
Greenhouse gases increase effects.
Greenhouse gases make the polar winds blow stronger over the oceans, where they pick up warmer air.
Greenhouse gases migrate so where they originate is irrelevant.
Greenhouse gases occur in atmospheres.
Greenhouse gases occur in environments.
Greenhouse gases play roles.
Greenhouse gases pose a very real and significant threat to the world ecosystems.
Greenhouse gases pose threat of global warming.
Greenhouse gases prevent heat energy from the sun escaping into space.
Greenhouse gases prevent heat from escaping from the atmosphere into space - just like a greenhouse.
Greenhouse gases prevent that energy from escaping into space.
Greenhouse gases provide insulation that traps some of the sun's heat energy.
Greenhouse gases remain in the atmosphere for a long time after they have been released.
Greenhouse gases remain in the atmosphere for many years and are globally distributed.
Greenhouse gases result from activities.
Greenhouse gases result from human activities.
Greenhouse gases spur warm, wet winters.
Greenhouse gases trap the heat of the sun, impacting the temperature on Earth.
Greenhouse gases vary in their capacity to induce global warming.
Greenhouse gases warm the atmosphere, no matter where they are produced on the globe.
Greenhouse gases warm the atmosphere, while aerosols tend to cool the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases warm the planet by trapping heat from the sun in the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gasses absorb energy that is radiated up from the Earth.
Greenhouse gasses are more opaque planetary radiation than for solar radiation.
Greenhouse gasses exist naturally in the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gasses hold in heat.
Greenhouse gasses raise the temperature of a planet by absorbing c.
Many greenhouse gases stay in the atmosphere for long periods of time.
Most greenhouse gases can have effects.
Most greenhouse gases can have negative effects.
Most greenhouse gases come from natural sources.
Most greenhouse gases come from sources.
Most greenhouse gases enter atmospheres.
Most greenhouse gases increase effects.
Most greenhouse gases occur in atmospheres.
Most greenhouse gases occur in environments.
Most greenhouse gases occur naturally in the atmosphere.
Most greenhouse gases occur naturally.
Most greenhouse gases play roles.
Most greenhouse gases result from activities.
Most greenhouse gases result from human activities.
Some greenhouse gases absorb energy.
Some greenhouse gases absorb radiation.
Some greenhouse gases affect climates.
Some greenhouse gases affect energy output.
Some greenhouse gases affect output.
Some greenhouse gases alter patterns.
Some greenhouse gases alter weather patterns.
Some greenhouse gases are carbon dioxide, water vapor, methane, and nitrous oxide.
Some greenhouse gases are more potent at affecting climate change than are others.
Some greenhouse gases are produced by animals.
Some greenhouse gases are produced by facilities.
Some greenhouse gases are produced by humans.
Some greenhouse gases come from activities.
Some greenhouse gases have greater impacts on climate than others.
Some greenhouse gases have power.
Some greenhouse gases help heat.
Some greenhouse gases occur naturally in the atmosphere while others result from human activities.
Some greenhouse gases occur naturally in the atmosphere, while others result from human activities.
Some greenhouse gases threaten health.
Some greenhouse gases threaten public health.
A greenhouse whitefly is a whitefly
Greenhouse whiteflies are insects.
Greenhouse whiteflies are whiteflies.
Greenhouse whiteflies are worldwide pests of greenhouse-grown ornamentals and vegetables.
Greenhouse whitefly can transmit viruses.
Greenhouse whitefly is a common pest of house plants and greenhouse plants.
A greenhouse is a building
Greenhouse acts as a central nursery and horticulture center for the entire park system. .
Greenhouse also makes a special effort to provide an inviting atmosphere for all ages.
Greenhouse covering material also gets special attention.
Greenhouse gases Each greenhouse gas has a different potential to warm the Earth's surface.
Greenhouse gases main reason for quicker northern winter warming .
Greenhouse gases main reason for quicker northern winter warming.
Greenhouse gases no doubt play an important role.
Greenhouse grow how.
Greenhouse growing is a separate hobby, with different gardening habits and behaviors.
Greenhouse has topiary and conservatory plants.
Greenhouse holds max.
Greenhouse is a parent cooperative and is administered by a board of directors composed of parents.
Greenhouse is a phenomenon of the atmosphere.
Greenhouse is a set of experiments to study the effect of space flight on plant development.
Greenhouse is a vibrant hub of dining activity.
Greenhouse is good.
Greenhouse is in the background.
Greenhouse is kept weed-free.
Greenhouse is on left.
Greenhouse is open to the public year round.
Greenhouse is the illuminating history behind a scientific idea that fills today's headlines.
Greenhouse isa building.
Greenhouse offers a study break.
Greenhouse provides a practical, pleasant educational environment.
Greenhouses allow researchers to simulate crops in the field.
Greenhouses are another sure-fire way to mimic the preferred habitat of ginger.
Greenhouses are available for research on macrophytes.
Greenhouses are buildings.
Greenhouses are difficult pest environments.
Greenhouses are expensive to build and operate.
Greenhouses are houses.
Greenhouses are important locally.
Greenhouses are more humid than most living areas.
Greenhouses are one business the economic development foundation is working to attract.
Greenhouses are sources of beautiful plants in an atmosphere that can be relaxing and rewarding.
Greenhouses are special buildings where plants are grown .
Greenhouses are special buildings where plants are grown.
Greenhouses are structures designed to retain heat.
Greenhouses are the ultimate season extenders.
Greenhouses are used to grow crops in cold countries such as Canada .
Greenhouses are used to grow crops in cold countries such as Canada.
Greenhouses built with steel require constant maintenance to prevent the steel from rusting.
Greenhouses can provide the damp environment required for their development.
Greenhouses can trap herbicide vapors around plant foliage, which can lead to injury.
Greenhouses come in many different sizes .
Greenhouses come in many different sizes.
Greenhouses continue to be plagued by tomato spotted wilt viral complex.
Greenhouses get hot during the day .
Greenhouses get hot during the day.
Greenhouses have (part) bases.
Greenhouses have (part) boilers.
Greenhouses have (part) ceilings.
Greenhouses have (part) courtyards.
Greenhouses have (part) doorknobs.
Greenhouses have (part) doorsteps.
Greenhouses have (part) elevator cars.
Greenhouses have (part) elevators.
Greenhouses have (part) floors.
Greenhouses have (part) foundation stones.
Greenhouses have (part) foyers.
Greenhouses have (part) hinges.
Greenhouses have (part) interior doors.
Greenhouses have (part) readsides.
Greenhouses have (part) roof peaks.
Greenhouses have (part) roofs.
Greenhouses have (part) room light.
Greenhouses have (part) sections.
Greenhouses have (part) staircases.
Greenhouses have (part) stairs.
Greenhouses have (part) storeys.
Greenhouses have (part) walls.
Greenhouses have (part) window frames.
Greenhouses have (part) windowpanes.
Greenhouses have (part) windows.
Greenhouses have a much higher success rate as do fluorescent lights set up in a garage.
Greenhouses help to protect crops from frost .
Greenhouses help to protect crops from frost.
Greenhouses make wonderful sacred places.
Greenhouses occupy the property.
Greenhouses provide plants the perfect indoor growing conditions.
Greenhouses require shade cloth to help prevent overheating and plant burn.
Greenhouses use passive heating to stay warm, even in cooler seasons.
Greenhouses often have computer controlled climate and trickle irrigation.
Greenhouses often spray their plants with long-lasting systemic poisons to control pests.
Greenhouses usually have vents that can be opened to let excess heat out .
Greenhouses usually have vents that can be opened to let excess heat out.
All greenhouse tomatoes varieties are indeterminate in growth habit.
All greenhouses have micro environments - be sensitive to that.
Every greenhouse has a story to tell.
Every greenhouse is a wonderful place to be, and that means for insects as well.
Many greenhouses also have glass or plastic walls .
Many greenhouses also have glass or plastic walls.
Many greenhouses use both they have vents and they use a shade cloth for cover.
Most greenhouses come with pre-formed bases so it is really simply.
Most greenhouses have adequate humidity.
Some greenhouses have inflatable walls on the side.
Some greenhouses use the Clinton River for irrigation.
Greenish areas represent cholestatsis from tumor obstructing bile ducts.
Greenish atoms are at the center of the dislocation.
Greenish branches take on grayish look in late summer.
Greenish color gives appearance of oxidized copper.
Some greenish diarrhea develops in stages.
Some greenish diarrhea develops in terminal stages.
Some greenish fluid is secreted by livers.
Greenish vomit indicates bile, which is intestinal content.
Greenleaf books are so vague.
Greenleaf candles create that special mood.
Greenly Island is about four miles inside the boundary of the Province of Quebec.
A greenmarket is a marketplace
Greenmarket helps manage farmer's markets in New York City.
A greensand is a sandstone
Greensand also improves soil moisture retention.
Greensand contains marine potash plus silica, iron oxide, magnesia, lime, and phosphoric acid.
Greensand contains vitamins and minerals, including potash, phosphate and many trace minerals.
Greensand is a natural ion exchange material which is capable of softening water.
Greensand is marketed as a soil conditioner.
Greensand is mined in New Jersey from a geologic marine layer.
Greensand is relatively low in potassium, which is readily dissolved.
Greensand is the pulverized rock of a sandy clay material called iron potassium silicate.
Greensands are sandstones.
Greensboro employees are also welcome.
A greenskeeper is a custodian
Greenskeepers are custodians.
Greenskeepers do many of the same things other groundskeepers do.
Greenskeepers maintain the grounds of private and public golf courses.
Greenup time brings flowers and foliage to hide the wounds of rampaging weather.
A greenway is a belt
Greenways also enhance open space by linking public parks, natural areas, and historic sites.
Greenways also make terrific connectors.
Greenways also protect and preserve resources.
Greenways also provide car-free transportation routes for cyclists and walkers.
Greenways also provide safe, convenient, and pleasant routes for pedestrian and bicycle travel.
Greenways are a cost-effective strategy for providing recreation.
Greenways are a good way to spend our money and a great way to have fun.
Greenways are a principle tool to land conservation options.
Greenways are a relatively new open space concept.
Greenways are a wonderful legacy for future generations.
Greenways are also economic assets that increase the real estate value of adjacent properties.
Greenways are also useful for buffering water bodies and residential areas.
Greenways are an important quality of life asset for any community.
Greenways are appropriate on both public and private property.
Greenways are conduits for both people and natural resources.
Greenways are conservation lands or areas used for recreational or cultural purposes.
Greenways are corridors of land recognized for their ability to connect people and places together.
Greenways are corridors of natural vegetation, wetland and forest that allow wildlife to roam.
Greenways are corridors of open space that connect recreational, cultural or natural areas.
Greenways are corridors of protected open space managed for conservation and recreation pruposes.
Greenways are corridors of protected open space managed for conservation and recreation purposes.
Greenways are hybrid corridors comprising parks, trails, waterways, scenic roads, and bike paths.
Greenways are important to anglers.
Greenways are interesting, pleasant and safe routes though the city for pedestrians and cyclists.
Greenways are land corridors used to connect people and places.
Greenways are like a magnet.
Greenways are linear natural areas that are left undeveloped.
Greenways are more accessible than the typical community or neighborhood park.
Greenways are open spaces that include recreational, cultural, and natural areas.
Greenways are our vision of the future.
Greenways are people moving across the landscape.
Greenways are popular because they link natural areas and open space.
Greenways can also act as a source of water and food for wildlife.
Greenways can coexist with access routes for utility lines and flood control channels.
Greenways can help improve water quality and streamside habitat, and they can help preserve access.
Greenways can link existing parks relatively inexpensively.
Greenways can perform many beneficial functions.
Greenways can provide buffers to waterways which can improve water quality.
Greenways created along river or stream corridors provide open space and public access to the water.
Greenways do all of the above.
Greenways encompass diverse types of corridors across both urban and rural Pennsylvania.
Greenways go beyond physical connections and include visual linkages.
Greenways improve neighborhoods.
Greenways make up a broad mix of natural and developed areas, each with unique characteristics.
Greenways mean a lot to Pennsylvania.
Greenways offer substantial benefits that tend to outweigh their costs.
Greenways preserve our environment and enhance our enjoyment of it.
Greenways preserve ribbons of green that provide plant and wildlife habitats.
Greenways provide great places for recreation, such as bicycling, hiking, canoeing, and fishing.
Greenways provides residential and nursing care in Beautiful surroundings.
Greenways restore and protect the natural environment.
Greenways typically provide a level of amenity that is indicative of a progressive community.
Many greenways contain rivers, streams, or other waterways.
Most greenways are railroad beds.
Greenwich time can be the same, faster or slower than solar time.
Greenwood County has some of the best voting machines in the state.
Greenwood County is a progressive place to live and work.
A greenwood is a forest
Greenwood also belongs to the Delaware Valley Old Goat Club, based in Burlington County.
Greenwood also offers beach access and a picturesque view of the pacific ocean.
Greenwood has a fresh, clever, and civilized style.
Greenwood has a high quality of life for such a small town.
Greenwood has a lot of great athletes.
Greenwood has a strong history of starting new churches.
Greenwood has a strong home-reading program.
Greenwood has a strong policy in response to each.
Greenwood has a very sophisticated ambiance and good prices at a variety of stores.
Greenwood has a wonderful way with words, and knows how to bring the characters to life.
Greenwood has the largest and rarest collection of musical instruments in the island.
Greenwood has the selection and inventory to fulfill most daylily needs.
Greenwood is a case-study in how to sustain popularity in show business.
Greenwood is a lot softer than dry seasoned wood and consequently easier to cut with a stone tool.
Greenwood is a major agricultural center.
Greenwood is a new millennium school in both design and structure.
Greenwood is Canadian.
Greenwood is charged with possession with intent to distribute a class A substance.
Greenwood is eccentric, unpredictable, alternately delightful and frustrating.
Greenwood is engaged to be married early next year.
Greenwood is just great, solid, and very humorous .
Greenwood is located in central Indiana, just a few miles south of Indianapolis.
Greenwood is located on Harrison in north central campus.
Greenwood is one of the most loved and hated restaurants to have opened in recent years.
Greenwood is open to the public.
Greenwood is particularly slick, playing the villain with a smirk but without much nuance.
Greenwood is president of the organization.
Greenwood is professor of economics.
Greenwood is scheduled to have new equipment in place before the end of the week.
Greenwood is the growth center of the Valley.
Greenwood is the incumbent.
Greenwood is the primary southern suburb.
Greenwood isa woodland.
Greenwood keeps up the appearance of grace under extreme pressure.
Greenwood now reflects in the lake again and is open to the public.
Greenwood offers a small town friendliness, as well as large city convenience.
Greenwood remembers a New England bed and breakfast whose owner tried a little too hard.
Greenwood says data programs elsewhere have discouraged profiling and other police misconduct.
Greenwood seems to attract odd and strange persons like a dog attracts fleas.
Greenwood seems to mix the best of two very different worlds.
Greenwood serves as vice president for the organization.
Greenwood takes networking with salespeople who work shows a step further.
Greenwoods are forests.
A greeter is a person
Greeter Works in concert with the ushers.
Greeters admit visitors with a thorough check-in procedure.
Greeters also assist with some clerical work, such as stuffing envelopes and making telephone calls.
Greeters also distribute programs.
Greeters also leave an important lasting impression as they thank departing guests.
Greeters also participate in a program of visiting new and prospective members.
Greeters are at each of the services to offer hospitality and welcome to newcomers.
Greeters are at the doors to offer worship guides.
Greeters are available to direct any one with questions to the appropriate place.
Greeters are helpful and caring.
Greeters are people.
Greeters are responsible for welcoming visitors to the gallery as well as attendance records.
Greeters are the first to meet patrons on their way into the theater.
Greeters are there to recognize, welcome and help newcomers to the church.
Greeters are volunteers acting as a welcoming committee for our new arrivals.
Greeters are Volunteers who like to help people.
Greeters assist the ushers in identifying and welcoming visitors.
Greeters can serve a number of useful purposes.
Greeters demonstrate the hospitality and warmth of our parish by welcoming people at the door.
Greeters dress in full regalia.
Greeters gather for a last-minute meeting.
Greeters instruct donors on how to fill out the donor card and answer general questions.
Greeters meet members and visitors at the door to ensure everyone feels welcome.
Greeters now welcome visitors and fellow parishioners for the weekend.
Greeters provide customer service and respond to patron questions.
Greeters provide welcome, information, and directions for visitors and new members.
Greeters receive annual refresher training in the art of effective listening and welcoming.
Greeters stand at both entrances to greet folks as they arrive.
Greeters warmly greet and welcome visitors and congregations members before worship services.
Greeters welcome every citizen arriving in our town.
Greeters welcome visitors before and after the liturgies on Sundays.
Greeters welcome visitors before they even step inside the building.
Greeters work on a monthly schedule, about four times per year.
Greeters usually serve for a month at a time, and both men and women are welcome.
Some greeters are specially qualified to help visitors with spiritual matters.
A greeting card is a card
Greeting cards are a big thing .
Greeting cards are a classic mainstream product.
Greeting cards are a gift, they have to be opened.
Greeting cards are a lot more fun to both send and receive when it is done by computer e-mail.
Greeting cards are also available.
Greeting cards are available for all areas.
Greeting cards are available in three different quantities and come with envelopes.
Greeting cards are available with blank insides and wonderful poems on the back.
Greeting cards are available with mounted photo or printed on card stock.
Greeting cards are cards.
Greeting cards are easy to make as well.
Greeting cards are exchanged.
Greeting cards are great for any occasion, and everybody loves 'em.
Greeting cards are like plumbing.
Greeting cards are located in cabinets.
Greeting cards are symbols of friendship and love.
Greeting cards can be a great way to help break the ice with their warm sentiments.
Greeting cards can be e-mailed to friends and relatives based on themes or festivals.
Greeting cards can often change someone s mood instantly.
Greeting cards can turn into announcements, personalized note cards or party invitations.
Greeting cards feature fine art work.
Greeting cards feature profiles of famous Bible women.
Greeting cards handmade out of fabric inside and out.
Greeting cards have sentimental value as keepsakes.
Greeting cards offer another neat way for kids to channel their creativity.
Greeting cards range from traditional designs and photographs to multicultural themes.
Greeting cards reinforce the dread of getting older.
Greeting cards renew old friendships.
Greeting cards require three additional days for scoring and folding.
Greeting cards seem to be the perfect thing to buy online.
Most greeting cards display some sort of inspirational message.
A greeting is acknowledgement
Greeting are acknowledgment.
Greeting are located in front doors.
Greeting are social activities.
Greeting are used for welcomes.
Greeting is an art, encompassing so much more than mere ritual.
Greeting is an Islamic custom and a practical form and demonstration of it.
Greeting is inappropriate and is punctuated incorrectly.
Greeting is played back .
Greeting is the ministry of hospitality.
Greeting is unexpectedly rewarding and it is also a wonderful way to meet people.
Greeting isa message.
Greeting takes the form of multiple kisses on both cheeks and a plethora of exchanged pleasantries.
Greetings are a good way of getting into the analysis of human encounters.
Greetings are an especially important part of African life.
Greetings are appropriate when coming accross local people especially in villages.
Greetings are brief and the night's work commences.
Greetings are different.
Greetings are emotional.
Greetings are highly formulaic.
Greetings are more formal in Mexico than in the United States.
Greetings are one of the most crucial details of hallway etiquette.
Greetings are part of cultural life.
Greetings are suitable for any occasion.
Greetings are the first symbols of love.
Greetings are ubiquitous, repetitive, and apparently easy to recognize.
Greetings are universal, some being very unique.
Greetings are very ceremonious involving reciprocal grooming.
Greetings are, of course, among the most stereotyped of exchanges.
Greetings can also be lengthy and can include six to eight turns or even more.
Greetings can even change automatically after business hours.
Greetings come from a number of sources.
Greetings Come to the world of graphics, animations and music.
Greetings Cute little script on the home page that greets visitors based on the time of day.
Greetings echo across a lobby.
Greetings form another homesteader.
Greetings is a family owned and operated shop.
Greetings is a free service.
Greetings is another well-known virtual greeting card site.
Greetings is designed to work with all of the most popular web browsers.
Greetings is designed to work with most popular web browsers.
Greetings is our middle name.
Greetings offers a variety of animated cards that can be personalized.
Greetings Offers greeting cards and invitations in a variety of categories.
Greetings Remember to shake hands at every available opportunity.
Greetings Send a card animal style.
Greetings Send a cute and clever greetings for every occasion.
Greetings Send a greeting.
Greetings Send e-greeting cards to friends and family.
Greetings Send serious, funny or cutesy pie cards to the world.
Greetings Speak to Write listserv members.
Greetings terran beings.
Greetings vary by social class, gender, and the level of intimacy of the parties.
Greetings always require acknowledgement with a respectful smile.
Greetings usually involve some form of physical contact.
All greetings are non-denominational.
Every greeting is accompanied by a handshake.
Most greetings are friendly or polite.
Some greetings show respect for a person's rank.
Greetings cards are also available.
A gregarine is a sporozoan
Gregarines are very common in scarab grubs.
Gregarious animals seek daytime shelter.
Gregarious animals seek shelter.
Most gregarious animals seek daytime shelter.
Most gregarious animals seek shelter.
Some gregarious animals live in burrows.
Some gregarious birds live in colonies.
Some gregarious creatures live in colonies.
Gregarious larvae feed in large groups which become progressively smaller as caterpillars develop.
Gregarious species are less likely than solitary species to die in the larval stages.
Gregorian calendar is introduced into Roman Catholic countries.
Gregorian calendar is introduced.
Gregorian chant exudes a feeling of sacredness and formality.
Gregorian chant has neither meter nor regular rhythm.
Gregorian chant has no music, just singers singing the same lines.
Gregorian chant is an example of a cappella singing.
Gregorian chant is the foundation of all liturgical music in the Western Christian tradition.
Gregorian chant remains among the most spiritually moving and profound music in western culture.
Gregorian chants are a natural.
Gregorian chants are compatible.
Gregorian chants are divided into three types based on the number of notes sung to each syllable .
Gregorian chants are plainsong.
Gremlin is fairy
Gremlin is films.
Gremlins are probably English and are associated mostly with airplanes.
Gremlins do gain control from time to time in spite of our best efforts.
Gremlins later relax at a movie theator.
Some gremlins are pretty straight forward with their golf tips.
Grenache wines are typically light in color, and the wine can make very lovely roses.
Grenada isa thing.
A grenade is a bomb
Grenades arch soundless.
Grenades are bombs.
Grenades are capable of kill.
Grenades are located in armies.
Grenades are located in battles.
Grenades are located in infantry.
Grenades are located in war.
Grenades are only good from behind.
Grenades are the weapons of choice for intimidation in Cambodia.
Grenades are used for explosions.
Grenades are used for killing.
Grenades are used for murder.
Grenades are used for war.
Grenades can also refer to grenade launchers.
Grenades can explode on impact, proximity, or with a trigger.
Grenades explode with resultant property damage.
Grenades go flyin'.
Grenades leave lasting damage to the environments.
Grenades seem to have an explosion range of about two feet.
Grenades always ignore cover modifiers.
A grenadier is a bony fish
Grenadiers are fish.
Grenadiers are infantrymans.
Grenadiers are the elite units of the infantry and are useful for taking out enemy fortifications.
Grenadiers find a small cannon brace, and burn that.
Grenadiers jump onto their vehicles.
A grenadine is sweetener
Grenadine is pomegranate syrup which is great in drinks and a good addition to the cocktail cabinet.
Grenadine isa syrup.
Grenadine often contains alcohol.
Grendal character write up.
Grenoble university is one of the European centre for education.
Many Greshamite systems exist in our society.
A grevillea is a bush
Grevilleas are shrubs.
Grevilleas are well in flower and because it is spring plants are bursting into flower everywhere.
Grevilleas attract honeyeaterss.
Grevilleas grow throughout Australia and range in size from small shrubs to large trees.
Grevilleas produce large amounts of nectar and attract many honey eating birds to the garden.
Many grevilleas interbreed freely, and some specially picked hybrids have been grown for sale.
Grey accent is acceptable.
Grey aliens are such nitwits.
A grey area is an area
Grey areas are clouds and dense aerosols.
Grey areas are semi transparent.
Grey areas are text boxes for filling in numeric or string arguments.
Grey areas make confusion.
Grey areas remain, and the boundaries evolve over time, but the essence of the rights is known.
Grey areas represent sediment.
Many grey areas exist in the area of domain name disputes.
Grey background denotes a past activity or event.
Grey background has an unfinished look.
Grey bars are the controls, red bars are the experimental replicates.
Grey bars show body length.
Grey bars show length.
Most grey bars show body length.
Most grey bars show length.
Grey booths are for internal calls and blue ones for international calls.
Grey border ruins cover art, lacking illustrations, but includes complete story text and lyrics.
Grey boxes are annual or deciduous species, and clear boxes are perennial or evergreen species.
Grey boxes are files.
Grey bugs are neither old enough nor strong enough to reproduce.
Grey business is risky business.
Grey card covers, lovely copy.
Grey cells indicate available hours.
Grey clouds produce precipitation.
Most grey clouds produce precipitation.
Some grey clouds produce rain.
Grey cubes are sub-divided.
Grey dots indicate degrees of freedom sensed for several types of input devices.
Grey dots indicate links of introduced groups.
Grey events refer to events that attract the retirees - e.g. mobile home exhibitions.
Grey eyes look at the world, separated from each other with a aristocratic nose.
Grey eyes study the scene outside.
Grey fabric can be as long as custom demand.
A grey fox is a fox
Grey foxes eat small mammals and wild birds, as well as insects, fruit and vegetation.
Grey foxes resemble small, gracile dogs with bushy tails.
Some grey foxes use claws.
Some grey foxes use long claws.
Grey granite blocks in a recently developed quarry.
Grey hair is dark hairs, with the newer white hairs mixed in.
Grey hens have feathers.
Most grey hens have feathers.
Grey herons are about the same size as great blue herons , which are found in North America.
Grey herons are can easily adapt to different kinds of environments.
Grey herons breed once a year.
Grey herons can be aggressive with each other in certain situations.
Grey herons communicate mostly by using body language and calls.
Grey herons eat many kinds of animals, but they mostly eat fish .
Grey herons have necks.
Grey herons have plumages.
Grey herons have similar plumages.
Grey herons have the ability to live in cities where habitats and nesting space are available.
Grey herons limit the number of fish in the rivers and other water bodies where they hunt.
Grey herons live near shallow bodies of water, where they find food.
Most grey herons have necks.
Most grey herons have plumages.
Most grey herons have similar plumages.
Grey items are still in development or testing.
Grey kangaroos inhabit areas.
Grey kangaroos live in areas.
Grey kangaroos share habitats.
Some grey kangaroos have particular breed seasons.
Some grey kangaroos have seasons.
Grey levels indicate different value ranges.
Grey lines indicate major faults.
Grey lines indicate pathways driven by interacting risk and lethal effects.
Grey lists are for local tracking of mobiles within a network.
Grey machines are another matter.
A grey market is a market
Grey markets exist where companies maintain differential pricing.
Some grey mongeese occur in areas.
Some grey mongeese occur in many areas.
Some grey mongeese occur in many protect areas.
Some grey mongeese occur in protect areas.
Grey mice are easy to see and reproduced less than their lighter and raker cousins.
Most grey oats are winter types.
Some grey parrots have desire.
Some grey parrots have years.
Grey pixels indicate no clouds.
Grey poodles are always black as pups.
Grey scale can offer an advantage for on-screen viewing.
Grey seal mothers feed pups.
Grey seal cows, for example, only have one pup per year each.
Grey seals are attentive mothers and defend their pups against predation and intrusion.
Grey seals are frequent visitors to the rocky bays at high tide .
Grey seals are frequent visitors to the rocky bays at high tide.
Grey seals are huge.
Grey seals are larger than Common seals and males tend to have a more uniformed colour.
Grey seals are less common, but are frequent visitors to New Jersey waters.
Grey seals are mammals.
Grey seals are very solicitous mothers and defend their pups against any intrusion.
Grey seals bear their young around rocky coasts.
Grey seals eat a wide variety of fish, squid, octopus, and crustaceans such as shrimp.
Grey seals feed on a wide variety of fish, crustaceans and cephalopods.
Grey seals give birth to their young in the autumn or winter.
Grey seals have a similar, but bolder, color pattern to harbor seals.
Grey seals have long claws on their front flippers which are used to catch and hold fish.
Grey seals have more recoverable meat but markets remain poor.
Grey seals live primarily in the northern North Atlantic in subarctic and temperate waters.
Most grey seals killed today are the result of various government control programs.
Some grey seals have impact.
Some grey seals have little impact.
Grey soils are indicators of permanent water saturation and no drainage.
Grey speck is usually of minor importance, but can cause crop failures in some areas.
Grey squirrels are generalist feeders.
Grey squirrels are non-territorial.
Grey squirrels can thrive on acorns and a wide variety of other foods.
Grey squirrels feed on nuts.
Grey squirrels live in habitats.
Grey squirrels need proteins.
Grey squirrels occupy niches.
Grey squirrels reside in captive environments.
Grey squirrels reside in environments.
Most grey squirrels feed on nuts.
Most grey squirrels live in habitats.
Most grey squirrels occupy niches.
Most grey squirrels reside in captive environments.
Most grey squirrels reside in environments.
Some grey squirrels become survival.
Some grey squirrels carry diseases.
Some grey squirrels prefer mature woodlands.
Some grey squirrels prefer woodlands.
Some grey squirrels threaten survival.
Grey stuff dissolves into white stuff.
Grey support coincides with the arithmetic target.
Grey tanagers inhabit regions.
Most grey tanagers inhabit regions.
Grey text indicates that the event is past.
Grey wagtails are water birds.
Grey wagtails have bellies.
Grey wagtails have yellow bellies.
Most grey wagtails have bellies.
Most grey wagtails have yellow bellies.
A grey whale is a whale
Grey whales are dark grey in colour, mottled by a lighter hue.
Grey whales are extinct in the North Atlantic and near-extinct in the Western North Pacific.
Grey whales are part of the baleen whale family.
Grey whales are very active in defence of themselves.
Grey whales are very friendly and they like to get patted.
Some grey whales are fed by bottom sediments.
Some grey whales are fed by sediments.
A grey wolf is a wolf
Grey wolves are carnivores.
Grey wolves are grey because of the mixture of tones in each individual hair.
Grey wolves are protected in Canada's national parks.
Grey wolves are the largest wild member of the dog family.
Grey wolves can be white, black and any shade of gray.
Grey wolves have diets.
Grey wolves have vary diets.
Grey wolves mate for life.
Most grey wolves have diets.
Some grey wolves means animals.
Some grey wolves means companion animals.
Grey zones apply in such cases.
Grey indicates backups.
Grey is color
Grey is color.
Grey is colour.
Grey rows just there for ease of reading across.
Grey rules over all colors though, and it can be a bit bland sometimes.
Grey wagtails too frequent the area.
Greys also are popular animals for use in medical research because of their size and short hair.
Greys are a product of recessive genes, so they are difficult to breed for, and just pop up.
Greys are a rare treasure.
Greys are an excellent companion for someone that lives alone.
Greys are as familiar to the world community as domesticated cats and dogs.
Greys are born black or dark brown.
Greys are devoted to each other and preen each other just like the lovebird species of parrots do.
Greys are gregarious by nature, often occurring in large flocks, ever watchful for predators.
Greys are just like people in that they are each individuals.
Greys are rare, but there are a number of duns, palominos and creams.
Greys are special aliens, alright.
Greys are the best talkers of the parrots, and extremely intelligent.
Greys are the kidnappers, who beam innocent humans up to their hovering spaceships for vivisection.
Greys can be very good pets, but they tend to be shy around strangers.
Greys do the abducting, and the rest follows.
Greys feeding on the ground can only escape a hawk by flying.
Greys grow to a large size.
Greys have big feet and toes which develop rapidly.
Greys like to be in a calm, quiet household.
Greys make excellent pets.
Greys use the perches as well as the nest boxes for mating.
Any grey shaded areas represent missing data.
Some greys appear to be genetically engineered replicants, with minimal internal organs.
Some greys have mutliple inner eyelids.
Greyeagle soils have duripans and mixed mineralogy.
Greyed machines represent undeployed components.
Greyhound adoption is said to have the toughest requirements to pass.
Greyhound adoptions increase every year.
Greyhound buses have a backwards American flag on the side near the door.
Greyhound buses run daily from downtown Calgary to Brooks.
Greyhound buses run from downtown Providence to Portland.
Greyhound buses serve both large and small cities in South Florida from the rest of North America.
Greyhound buses stop downtown.
Greyhound buses stop in Monterey and Salinas with connections to cities throughout the nation.
Greyhound busses connect towns throughout the province.
Greyhound colors are still evident.
Greyhound connections are available to and from Erie.
Greyhound customers get cash-back bonuses upon arrival at participating Atlantic City casinos.
Greyhound customers get special gaming offers upon arrival at participating casinos.
Greyhound power is another old favorite.
Greyhound racers are prized athletes and recieve the best of care.
Greyhound service is widely available throughout the United States.
A greyhound is a hound
A greyhound is a racer
Greyhound advises being at the terminal one hour before departure.
Greyhound forbids all dogs, except guide dogs.
Greyhound offers frequent service to many destinations in the Columbia River Valley.
Greyhound offers service from Tucson, but the route is also through Phoenix.
Greyhound operates ticket offices in each of the towns listed.
Greyhound takes about sixteen hours to do the same route.
Greyhound travels anywhere within the continental United States.
Greyhound travels to towns and cities inside the state and throughout the country.
Greyhounds adapt well to household life and are wonderful with children.
Greyhounds adjust to family life in their new home rather easily.
Greyhounds adore romping and frolicking outdoors, but after play time, they belong indoors.
Greyhounds also enjoy walking and are well trained to the leash.
Greyhounds also have higher levels of red blood cells than other breeds.
Greyhounds appear to be the most ancient dog breed.
Greyhounds are a calm, gentle breed, and make excellent pets.
Greyhounds are a gentle, mild, quiet animal by nature.
Greyhounds are a healthy breed and their life expectancy is twelve or more years.
Greyhounds are a pure breed.
Greyhounds are able to get along with cats.
Greyhounds are able to see clearly at long distances.
Greyhounds are affectionate and intelligent dogs who thrive on human companionship.
Greyhounds are affectionate, docile and gentle, and they live to please their family members.
Greyhounds are among the most gentle of breeds.
Greyhounds are an affectionate breed of dog and enjoy the company of people and especially children.
Greyhounds are an inquisitive, gentle, mild, quiet animal by nature.
Greyhounds are as active as their owners.
Greyhounds are as diverse in personality as they are in color.
Greyhounds are by nature a very swift, docile breed.
