Flexibility is the key for multi-year packages.
Flexibility is the key here as well as having back-up plans.
Flexibility is the key here as well.
Flexibility is the key here.
Flexibility is the key if a new technology expects migration from an older one.
Flexibility is the key in maximizing the chances for success.
Flexibility is the key point here.
Flexibility is the key to a comfortable, watertight fit.
Flexibility is the key to a successful benefit program.
Flexibility is the key to a successful portal.
Flexibility is the key to air power, and air power is the key to victory.
Flexibility is the key to an effective personal quality system.
Flexibility is the key to being a versatile studio player.
Flexibility is the key to contract employment.
Flexibility is the key to employment.
Flexibility is the key to euro stability.
Flexibility is the key to every good home office.
Flexibility is the key to excellence in distance learning.
Flexibility is the key to getting a discounted seat.
Flexibility is the key to good training.
Flexibility is the key to happiness.
Flexibility is the key to having a rewarding homeschool career.
Flexibility is the key to immediate and future success.
Flexibility is the key to making an alternative schedule work.
Flexibility is the key to managing cancer pain.
Flexibility is the key to our approach.
Flexibility is the key to our corporate plan's ability to accommodate widely varying company needs.
Flexibility is the key to our longevity and success.
Flexibility is the key to our operation.
Flexibility is the key to our program.
Flexibility is the key to our service provision.
Flexibility is the key to our success in delivering courses for business.
Flexibility is the key to our success.
Flexibility is the key to our system.
Flexibility is the key to produce more business.
Flexibility is the key to remaining competitive in today's workforce.
Flexibility is the key to success in the legal profession in the future.
Flexibility is the key to success with technology .
Flexibility is the key to success.
Flexibility is the key to survival.
Flexibility is the key to surviving, for both instructors and students.
Flexibility is the key to that job.
Flexibility is the key to the new approach.
Flexibility is the key word here.
Flexibility is the key word in camping.
Flexibility is the key word of our safari.
Flexibility is the key word to finding space to play within the home.
Flexibility is the key word when profiling a business at the airport.
Flexibility is the key word.
Flexibility is the key, according to the experts.
Flexibility is the key, add extra accommodation or add a music festival, it's easy and instant.
Flexibility is the key, as mobile users tend to move around all the time.
Flexibility is the key, but so also is cross training.
Flexibility is the key, with new varieties of potential problems appearing daily.
Flexibility is the key.
Flexibility is the keynote of the mathematics courses.
Flexibility is the keynote.
Flexibility is the keyword for modern domestic staff.
Flexibility is the keyword in track lighting.
Flexibility is the main feature.
Flexibility is the most important factor.
Flexibility is the most underrated part of a total conditioning program.
Flexibility is the name of the game here.
Flexibility is the name of the game, but it is hard to develop.
Flexibility is the name of the game.
Flexibility is the nature of balance.
Flexibility is the new name of the game for many of the tools.
Flexibility is the norm.
Flexibility is the number one advantage of a universal life certificate.
Flexibility is the operative word.
Flexibility is the order of the day.
Flexibility is the other key element.
Flexibility is the prerequisite for success.
Flexibility is the quality professors mention most.
Flexibility is the range of motion around a specific joint.
Flexibility is the range of motion limbs are capable of.
Flexibility is the range of movement of a joint or series of joints and their associated muscles.
Flexibility is the range of movement of a joint that the surrounding tissue allows.
Flexibility is the third and final piece in training for the ski season.
Flexibility is the trait of adaptability, which is of course what life is all about.
Flexibility is the watchword and adventure the reward.
Flexibility is the watchword now.
Flexibility is the watchword.
Flexibility is the way to adapt, and to survive and prosper in an epoch of transition.
Flexibility is therefore another plus.
Flexibility is very attractive to the new-economy workforce.
Flexibility is very important for reaching for lobs and passing shots at the net.
Flexibility is very important in today's corporate world.
Flexibility is very important to a surfer.
Flexibility is very important when there's a night-worker in the household.
Flexibility is very important.
Flexibility is vital to effective scheduling of trail construction and maintenance work parties.
Flexibility is vital to the encouragement of interest, participation and innovation.
Flexibility is vital.
Flexibility is what it all comes down to.
Flexibility is what it's all about.
Flexibility is what people neglect the most.
Flexibility is what waves are all about.
Flexibility is where it loses out no sorting, poor host administration and single session searching.
Flexibility is, therefore, a desirable property of SPAs.
Flexibility isa property.
Flexibility keeps part-timers coming to work.
Flexibility keeps things fun and exciting.
Flexibility keeps things running smoothly.
Flexibility Let's face it - no software product is ever perfect for every situation.
Flexibility makes change easier.
Flexibility makes compliance easier.
Flexibility makes getting started easy.
Flexibility makes it possible to hit a target that's just out of the natural range of motion.
Flexibility makes the concept viable in many settings.
Flexibility makes the difference.
Flexibility makes the program attractive to employees.
Flexibility makes workers more productive and focused.
Flexibility matters even more than raw size.
Flexibility means being willing to change yourjob, goals, or plans in order to accomplish a goal.
Flexibility means change and, for some people, a sense of uneasiness.
Flexibility means complexities, complexity means more bucks to get the job done.
Flexibility means reps can take a vacation at any time.
Flexibility means reusability.
Flexibility means that people can interact easily with created objects using peripheral device.
Flexibility means the worker chooses.
Flexibility means to be able to alter plans when necessary.
Flexibility means using an array of tools to explore risk in different ways.
Flexibility needs to be built in to deal with problems more effectively.
Flexibility needs to be built in.
Flexibility needs to be increased.
Flexibility needs to be left up to the TPs.
Flexibility now counts as much for organisations at it does for employees.
Flexibility occurs in granting additional time for special projects.
Flexibility offers alternatives that complement the specific needs of a risk management program.
Flexibility offers more choices to fit all situations and budgets.
Flexibility offers value that is often more important than the actual microcontroller cost.
Flexibility only goes so far.
Flexibility permits ease and grace in movement.
Flexibility permits measuring curved surfaces.
Flexibility produces opportunities.
Flexibility provided by digitized information offers value to educational activities.
Flexibility provides increased quality and quantity of joint synovial fluid.
Flexibility raises many new risks and challenges.
Flexibility refers to the ability of soft tissue to relax and yield to stretch forces.
Flexibility refers to the ability to perform a movement over a wide range of motions.
Flexibility refers to the ability to respond easily to changing conditions.
Flexibility refers to the device's close personal proximity to the end user.
Flexibility refers to the range of motion around a joint.
Flexibility refers to the range of movement of a joint.
Flexibility refers to the structure of our graduate program.
Flexibility regarding periodic evening and weekend on-call is essential.
Flexibility relates to attitude, too.
Flexibility replaces ambiguity.
Flexibility requires dedicated consistency.
Flexibility requires generating a wide range of ideas.
Flexibility requires sound judgement.
Flexibility requires the knowledge of more than one approach to solving a class of problems.
Flexibility requires trust in employees and common sense.
Flexibility seems needed.
Flexibility seems to be the chief reason students forgo the campus to take courses online.
Flexibility seems to be the core of any design scheme.
Flexibility seems to be the key.
Flexibility seems to contribute the most significantly to hit rate accuracy.
Flexibility separates today's printers from the old-timers.
Flexibility signifies a readiness to assist colleagues whenever another pair of hands is necessary.
Flexibility simply enables the evolution.
Flexibility supports situation learning by offering different situations for individual students.
Flexibility Take advantage of simple online booking capabilities.
Flexibility varies by instructor requirements or type of course.
Flexibility varies greatly from person to person.
Flexibility always helps keep costs down.
Flexibility sometimes plans have to be altered to meet the needs of the children.
More flexibility allows funds to go further.
More flexibility however is reached by combining several components.
More flexibility is always a good thing.
More flexibility is available for feature submissions.
MORE Flexibility is crucial to our services.
More flexibility is granted to all other services.
More flexibility is necessary from the space access provider.
More flexibility is offered if the text produced depends on a set of independent dimensions.
More flexibility needed as language is too tight on an exact description.
More flexibility only comes with stretching regularly .
Much flexibility is possible however, and many courses can be substituted.
Much flexibility is possible in meeting the international experience requirement.
Much flexibility is required.
Some flexibility does exist to match the requirements of individual student's schedules.
Some flexibility exists to accommodate student needs.
Some flexibility facilitates expansion.
Some flexibility is available early in the morning and in the evening if required.
Some flexibility is available in working hours to accommodate class schedule.
Some flexibility is built into the process.
Some flexibility is needed then to allow for changes in the learning objectives.
Some flexibility is needed to align people and positions most effectively.
Some flexibility is needed.
Some flexibility is permitted in choice of subjects.
Some flexibility is permitted in subject choices.
Some flexibility is permitted in the method of meeting fire response requirements.
Some flexibility is permitted.
Some flexibility is possible in the above outline.
Some flexibility is possible in the hours.
Some flexibility is required due to the constant flux of current, relevant information.
Some flexibility regarding admission policies is permitted.
Some flexibility regarding length of grant, but preference is for full academic year.
Some flexibility regarding scheduled laboratory hours is required.
Flexible access requires a database with open architecture.
Flexible action is assumed to depend on a balance between change and stability.
Flexible adjustment is supposed to be a great advantage of gabions.
Flexible appointments are available throughout the day.
Flexible architecture allows for addition of criteria for calculating and sorting schedules.
Flexible architecture allows users to define system configuration for maximum performance.
Flexible arm points the light to any position.
Flexible arrangement enables professors to assign chapters in any order.
Flexible arrangements are available for special production requirements.
Flexible arrangements are possible for groups wishing to customise their visits.
Flexible arrangements can have advantages for employees, provided that they are negotiated.
Flexible arrangements mean a variety of conferences, meetings and receptions can all be catered for.
More flexible arrangements permit attendance over a maximum period of eight years.
Flexible attendance is possible, allowing students to take up to six years to complete the course.
Flexible availability is a plus, especially weekends and evenings.
Flexible availability is required for employment.
More flexible babies adapt fairly easily to the new situation.
Flexible bags are best for products with irregular shapes and dry pack fruits and vegetables.
Flexible base fills with sand or water and is rounded for easy roll relocation.
Flexible behaviour allows individuals to exploit every opportunity to pursue their needs.
Flexible benefits enable the employer to target benefits to individual employees.
Flexible binding allows for ease in handling.
Flexible boards are usually more forgiving and better for the bumps.
Flexible bodies are hallmarks of healthy babies.
Flexible bollards are bollards designed to bend when struck by vehicles.
Flexible boom has better wave following characteristics.
Flexible branches make it easy to espalier.
Flexible bulb gaskets around all fixed and operating sash perimeters.
Flexible cable allows for easy installation.
Flexible cable is easy to place and secure.
Flexible cable is easy to place, secure, and camouflage.
Flexible cables conduct power.
Most flexible cables conduct power.
Flexible centre join allows some interocular movement.
Flexible check run capability from daily to monthly including direct deposit of reimbursements .
Flexible collaboration features lets users work with others to create and manage their site.
Flexible collaboration is key to any true knowledge work.
Flexible collar slips over the neck, right side arm rests on shoulder.
Flexible conductor conforms to any twist or turn.
Flexible conduit Identify permissible uses.
Flexible conduit is affordable and available in most hardware and electronics stores.
Flexible configurations are available to fit each customer's needs.
Flexible configurations deliver a low-cost solution .
Flexible connections are less likely to result in the release of gas during an earthquake.
Flexible control thresholds for aphids in winter wheat in dependence on naturally antagonists.
Flexible controls let the user read an issue page by page or jump to a specific section.
Flexible core allows movement as well as adjustable length.
Flexible coupling are very important when attaching things to motor shafts.
Flexible couplings require very little maintenance when they are properly lined up.
Flexible crampons are the old standard for everything.
Flexible cup fits most cup sizes.
Flexible curriculum meets a variety of student needs and career goals.
Flexible curriculum permits self-designed programs.
Flexible dancing demands a complicated series of transitions, especially from life to art.
Flexible dates are still available.
Flexible deadlines encourage writers block.
Flexible deployment is also central to their success.
Flexible deployment supports all major platforms.
Flexible design allows attachment of in-line component counter providing total processing system.
Flexible design allows for easy future expansion.
Flexible design allows for small or large events.
Flexible design allows teachers to supplement lessons with their favorite teaching materials.
Flexible design allows users to shape the light to their computing needs.
Flexible design ensures that reports can be designed by the users, on the fly.
Flexible design holds any shape or size of cables.
Flexible design makes it very easily extensible with modules.
Flexible design offers application customization.
Flexible design permits ease in rope handling.
Flexible design provides optimal coverage of the elbow, humerus, biceps and forearms.
Flexible designs provide for liquid removal, waste compaction and drum crushing.
Flexible designs work best.
Flexible designs work with any process tool footprint size.
Flexible detail reporting by property allows for complete and detailed billing history analysis.
Flexible distributors fare well in the battle for government accounts.
Flexible dome folds into pocket-size mask.
Flexible duct is very low cost.
Flexible dues structure with emphasis on young families.
Flexible endoscopes look deep inside a patient's colon, intestines or lungs.
Flexible endoscopy is also useful in establishing a diagnosis.
Flexible enrollment allows students to start classes at any time during the term.
Flexible entry dates for others.
Flexible expenses are more difficult to identify because of their changing nature.
Flexible expenses vary from month to month and can be controlled and managed to some extent.
Flexible expenses vary from week to week and can be controlled and managed to some extent.
Flexible federalism is nothing but federal indifference.
Flexible financing helps manage costs in an unpredictable environment.
Flexible financing is required.
Flexible financing makes budgeting easier.
Flexible flange allows pouch to be secured with minimal pressure.
Flexible floor plans our speciality.
Flexible floor plans our specialty.
Flexible Flyers Rafting Offers white-water rafting trips on the Animas River in Durango.
Flexible foam creates cushions.
Flexible foams use carbon dioxide gas.
Most flexible foam creates cushions.
Flexible footwear is recommended.
Flexible format allows implementation at tennis facilities, recreational centers or school gyms.
Flexible format allows instruction for wide range of skill and ability.
Flexible format allows instruction for wide range of skills and ability.
Flexible format allows the selection of a basis for comparison.
Flexible format fits classes of varying time lengths.
Flexible frame has vent holes.
Flexible funding allows families to obtain services from multiple providers and programs.
Flexible funding helps a partnership initiate research.
Flexible funding is needed for local research by communities.
Flexible gathers offer a snug, secure fit to prevent side leaks.
Flexible graphite is a key material in the manufacture of flow field plates for fuel cells.
Flexible halls permit individual solutions.
Flexible headband provides stability and comfort.
Flexible heater is made to lay on top of plastic, which is heated then bent to shape desired.
Flexible hinge accommodates extra-thick originals.
Flexible hinges are great for younger children because they allow more outward bending and abuse.
Flexible hip includes proximal half of femur, innominate and ligaments.
Flexible hoops flatten when spun on a hand crank rotator.
Flexible hoses allow for easy installation to the carb.
Flexible hoses become soft after a while, resulting in a spongy pedal.
Flexible hours accommodate student schedules.
Flexible hours accomodate student schedules.
Flexible hours allow employees to work traditional and non-traditional hours.
Flexible hours allow for evening appointments.
Flexible hours are a plus.
Flexible hours are also possible.
Flexible hours are another available perk, subject to business needs and union contracts.
Flexible hours are available and training is provide by our agency.
Flexible hours are available for counseling services on weekdays and weekends.
Flexible hours are available within guidelines.
Flexible hours are available, and no hours are too few.
Flexible hours are available, including evening appointments, to accommodate working students.
Flexible hours are available.
Flexible hours are possible.
Flexible hours are the most common family-friendly provision.
Flexible hours are the norm, including evening and weekend work.
Flexible hours can be a great asset in juggling family commitments.
Flexible hours can include evenings and weekends.
Flexible hours Can work part time or full.
Flexible Hours Come join our team full or part time.
Flexible hours do work.
Flexible instrumentation can be helpful in promoting sales.
Flexible interfaces are the cornerstone of our design.
Some flexible jaws adapt for heads.
Flexible knee includes distal half of femur, articulated to tibia and fibula, and the patella.
Flexible layout allows for many kinds of page creation.
Flexible layout allows for many kinds of site building.
Flexible layout allows for many kinds of webpage creation.
Flexible leads eliminate the possibility of damage and make installation easy.
Flexible leaders are effective generalists.
Flexible leadership allows for different interaction with different personalities.
Flexible leases can include all hardware, software and service costs.
Flexible liners allow for an easy and a very forgiving installation.
Flexible liners allow for more creativity and can be adjusted to fit most any area.
Flexible linkages are common in the molecular world.
Flexible magnet can be either isotropic and anisotropic.
Flexible magnets are compounds of plastics or rubbers with magnetic powders.
Flexible magnets can be either isotropic and anisotropic.
Flexible manufacturing can produce small lots like intermittent manufacturing.
Flexible manufacturing is the key to success.
Flexible mapping allows users to move fields or omit unwanted fields and text.
Flexible materials are easy to bend.
Flexible mechanisms are important.
Flexible mechanisms are the key to achieving lowest cost emissions reductions for our sector.
Flexible mechanisms promote innovative and cost-effective solutions.
Flexible membranes can alter aerophone characteristics and reinforce fundamental pitches.
Flexible mode is a good choice for middle school students and above.
Flexible muscles are almost always more resistant to injury than tight muscles.
Flexible muscles are essential to quick reactions.
Flexible muscles are far less likely to be strained or pulled than tight ones.
Flexible muscles are less likely to be strained or pulled than tight ones.
Flexible muscles are less prone to injury.
Flexible muscles are less prone to soreness and injury.
Flexible muscles can decrease the risk of injury.
Flexible muscles can travel further when they contract, which translates to additional strength.
Flexible neck allows easy positioning.
Flexible needle is inserted into the liver.
Flexible networks address core human resource issues.
Flexible networks facilitate both product identification and establish marketing channels.
Flexible options are available from three hour seminars to week long intensive instruction modules.
Flexible options are right around the corner.
Flexible options make it easy, so please sign up at whatever level is appropriate today.
Flexible options meet the specific needs of diverse healthcare organizations.
Flexible organization allows for self- or independent study based on individual student needs.
Flexible organizations are able to initiate and respond more effectively to change.
Flexible organizations are the key to the first and a highly controlled organization for the second.
Flexible organizations require a flexible IT infrastructure.
Flexible pacing is provided for all children at our school.
Flexible packages are available for each client.
Flexible packages are excellent examples of the benefits of source reduction.
Flexible packaging is just like regular packaging, but much thinner, lighter and less bulky.
Flexible packaging is offered to ethical, consumer, and medical products companies.
Flexible parts lock together to make jointed dinosaurs or frogs.
Flexible Parties can renegotiate their agreement at any time.
More flexible plans cost more.
Flexible planning is carried out on hierarchies containing any chosen organizational levels.
Flexible planning offers multiple options for customized configuration.
Flexible platform allows for ongoing maintenance and changes.
Flexible playlist allows broadcasters to type or import up to one year of programming.
Flexible playtime is another consideration.
Flexible prices play a crucial role in making the stock market efficient.
Flexible pricing allows for just the right charges for the services rendered.
Flexible pricing is a smaller segment of scheduling and pricing.
Flexible pricing is available based on first-time user, concurrent user and processor.
Flexible pricing suits the business models of large and small advertisers.
Flexible printing is also easily available for any calculation.
Flexible printing is provided.
Flexible problem solver able to work effectively in a startup environment.
Flexible program includes functions from draft to playoffs.
Flexible programs allow for easy switching between modes, and for editing in either mode.
Flexible programs allow students to meet their professional needs.
Flexible programs are available specifically designed for students.
Flexible programs can combine sightseeing with pre-booked tee times.
Flexible rates tend to overshoot wildly and generate equally disruptive misalignments.
Flexible ribs hold the unit in place.
Flexible roles are roles and positions that change with changing needs.
Flexible scalability is a key requirement to enable market and organizational agility.
Flexible schedule allows for full or part-time study.
Flexible schedule can include weekends.
Flexible schedule includes evenings and some weekends.
Flexible schedule includes evenings and weekends.
Flexible schedule includes evenings, weekends and holidays.
Flexible schedule includes mornings, afternoons and weekends.
Flexible schedule includes occasional evening and weekend hours.
Flexible schedule is always helpful.
Flexible schedule is available.
Flexible schedule is desired.
Flexible schedule requires some weekends.
Flexible schedules allow tech people to work at times when they are at their creative best.
Flexible schedules Apply in person only.
Flexible schedules are available in most student assistant positions.
Flexible schedules are available morning, evening and weekend.
Flexible schedules are available, including evenings.
Flexible schedules are available.
Flexible schedules facilitate heightened intensity in the skills and content of each course.
Flexible Schedules Work with a supportive and understanding staff.
Flexible scheduling allows colleges to meet better the demands of key time periods.
Flexible scheduling allows for a variety of alternative educational experiences.
Flexible scheduling allows for full-time Counselors to be available during peak periods.
Flexible scheduling allows students to accelerate learning and meet individual goals.
Flexible scheduling allows students to go to school around their ever-changing schedule.
Flexible scheduling can improve employee morale.
Flexible scheduling can maximize benefits such as personal needs, increased productivity, etc.
Flexible scheduling can produce a variety of benefits for both the employee and department.
Flexible scheduling helps retention too.
Flexible scheduling includes both flextime and a compressed work schedule.
Flexible scheduling includes weekends.
Flexible scheduling involves more cooperative planning between teacher and media specialist.
Flexible scheduling is a distinctive feature of the job.
Flexible scheduling is allowable.
Flexible scheduling is also more common.
Flexible scheduling is another area in which many healthcare employers have excelled.
Flexible scheduling is available after the first three mandatory class meetings.
Flexible scheduling is available in most settings.
Flexible scheduling is available including evenings and weekends.
Flexible scheduling is available to accommodate special circumstances.
Flexible scheduling is available to fit around CSUN class schedule.
Flexible scheduling is available to minimize interruptions in workflow.
Flexible scheduling is available with day, evening and weekend classes.
Flexible scheduling is available.
Flexible scheduling is important to a quality library program.
Flexible scheduling is offered in order to better meet the needs of students.
Flexible scheduling is only possible if OBs for all observing conditions exist.
Flexible scheduling is possible, and no call is required.
Flexible scheduling is required.
Flexible scheduling makes the outpatient program a convenient alternative.
Flexible scheduling seems to be a growing issue in the workplace.
All flexible scheduling remains at the discretion of the supervisor.
Some flexible scheduling is available.
Some flexible scheduling is possible.
Flexible scopes use fiber optics to transmit light and images.
Flexible scopes use fiberoptics to transmit light and images.
Flexible semesters allow course work to begin at the most convenient times for students.
Flexible semesters allow students to schedule coursework at their convenience.
Flexible server logging options include the ability to log information to a database.
Flexible shade allows user to direct light where it's needed most - to minimize glare and eyestrain.
Flexible shapes are also shapes which have no obvious way of being attacked.
Flexible shifts are available and can be designed to accommodate a college course schedule.
Flexible shifts are available.
Flexible Shifts are available.
Flexible side elbow joint protection with two adjustable straps.
Flexible sides slip over the front for a secure fit.
A flexible sigmoidoscope is an endoscope
Flexible sigmoidoscopes can examine more of the colon with little discomfort to the patient.
A flexible sigmoidoscopy is endoscopy
Flexible sigmoidoscopy is a very accurate test for the area of the bowel that it does evaluate.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy is advised every three to five years.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy is an examination of the lower colon and rectum.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy is another procedure that can find diverticula.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy is as accurate as colonoscopy, but only for the distal bowel.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy is effective for only the lower third to half of the colon.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy is generally safe procedure.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy is nearly painless, and can be done in the doctor's office.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy is paid for every four years for average risk patients.
Flexible sigmoidoscopy reveals an adenomatous polyp in the rectosigmoid.
Flexible software accommodates a variety of cycle types and practice activities.
Flexible software enables the operator to record limb, augmented or all twelve leads.
Flexible software supports.
Flexible space is available for physical model studies.
Flexible spaces give families room to grow.
Flexible Spending Accounts Our Resources .
Flexible spray hardens to permanent seal.
Flexible standards make good common sense.
Flexible statistics display quickly summarizes results in several useful ways.
Flexible sticks tend to be more durable than their stiffer counterparts.
Flexible structures absorb energy.
Most flexible structures absorb energy.
Flexible studios integrate professional practices, technology, and production.
More flexible study is possible on application.
Flexible style makes curves easy without any extra cutting or snipping.
Flexible substrates allow applications on complex geometries with highly curved surfaces.
Flexible surfaces give a look behind the scenes.
Flexible system accommodates both centralized and decentralized operations.
Flexible system designs that adapt to user requirements, channels, and traffic patterns.
Flexible teachers are open to making necessary changes while teaching.
Flexible technology allows it to be used for all types of mobile phones.
Flexible templates allow the city to expand and edit content.
Flexible terms allow for affordable monthly payments.
Flexible Terms are available as needed.
Flexible terms are available depending on the purpose of the loan.
Flexible terms are available.
Flexible Things change rapidly, especially online.
Flexible thumbs means the person is flexible about changes in life.
Flexible time helps employees to phase their worklife and understand priorities of life and work.
Flexible time is the part of the schedule that can be adjusted.
Flexible times are available.
Flexible timeliness are necessary .
Flexible tips provide versatility, while rigid heads allow for more aggressive cleaning.
Flexible transportation is important.
Flexible tricep guard for increased mobility.
Some flexible tubes contain wire.
Flexible tubing does increase the cost and complexity of a snorkel.
Flexible urethanes are materials similar to low density polyethylene.
Flexible use needs to be enhanced by setting aside or creating labs for that purpose.
Flexible vinyl hugs both flat and curved metal surfaces.
Flexible vinyl makes ads resistant to the elements and easily movable from one location to another.
Flexible waveguide is a viable method of bridging the rotor.
Flexible widths are a good thing to have because people can adjust to see the whole picture.
Flexible wire is by far the easiest to handle.
Flexible wires sprout from the surface.
Flexible wiring is attached to the sensors, which is then connected to a central unit.
Flexible work meets employee needs .
Flexible work provides competitive compensation .
Most flexible workers have health insurance coverage .
Flexible wrists absorb the rising ball.
Flexion tests require that the horse stand with a joint flexed and then trot off.
Flexion can also provide understand the importance of timely delivery.
Flexion causes a small increase in canal diameter and volume as the vertebral lamina are separated.
Flexion decreases disc protrusion and reduces stenosis.
Flexion decreases the angle between articulating bones.
Flexion exacerbates the problem by narrowing the airway at the pharynx.
Flexion exercises Basic flexion exercises are effective and easy to do.
Flexion grooves for maxium mobility.
Flexion grooves in forefoot for flexibility.
Flexion increases metabolite transport into the disc.
Flexion increases the space in the joint, making more room for further bleeding to occur.
Flexion is a bending
Flexion is bending.
Flexion is committed to delivering complete business solutions to the growing enterprise.
Flexion is primarily by the hamstrings, short head of biceps, gracilis, and sartorius.
Flexion opens the apophyseal joints and reduces posterior disc stress.
Flexion stretches the ligamentum flavum to reduce stenosis.
Flexions occur when shoulder joint muscles contract to anteriorly move humeruses.
Flexions stop humeral extensions.
Flexlead failure is the most probable failure mechanism.
FlexLite products are available in a variety of colors and gauge sizes.
FLEXlm applications send periodic heartbeats to the server to discover if it has died.
Many flexographic inks are water-based and contain soy protein.
Flexor rod turns in tight places.
A flexor is a striated muscle
Flexor carpi ulnaris brevis or ulnocarpeus brevis.
Flexor carpi ulnaris muscles are fourth superior-most of five flexor epicondyle muscles.
Flexor carpi ulnaris muscles indirectly flex, medially flex and medially extend ulnas.
Flexors are muscles that bring one body part closer to another one.
Flexors remain flexors.
FlexScan arrays have an attractive, low profile package, as shown above.
Flexsys components provide an ideal compliment by supporting XML and legacy systems.
Flextec coatings are maintenance free, a big consideration in harsh tropical environments.
Flextime agreements allow employees to start and end work during some range of hours.
All flextime arrangements require approval by the supervisor.
Flexural modulus is a measure of the material's softness or brittleness.
Flexural modulus is used as an indication of a material s stiffness when flexed.
Flexural strength is a measure of the tensile strength when subjected to bending.
Flexural strength is good.
Flexure is a bending
Flexure is distinct without obvious shoulder.
Flexure is eliminated for practical purposes.
Flexure is when one optical system moves relative to the other.
Some fli players have trouble removing the blue title screen background from the flyby frames.
A flick is an occurrence
Flick coins several times with equal amount of force on each surface.
Flick goes to buy some sodas.
Flick has other things in common with the Hollywood elite.
Flick inherits a team with seven returnees and a talented group of newcomers.
Flick is a Green Bay Packer fan.
Flick is behind the door.
Flick is in charge of the equipment, and taking the tee and kicking block on and off the field.
Flick is one of Southern California s most highly-recognized photographers.
Flick isa happening.
Flick isa occurrence.
Flick pieces off of fork or concave side of cheese grater until dowel is finished.
Flick pill down the throat with elastic band.
Flick pill down throat with elastic band.
Flick pill down throat with eleastic band.
Flick pill down throat with plastic band.
Flick pill down throat with rubber band.
Flick plans to put three shops and four apartments in the new Plaza building.
Flick returns as the big play threat on kickoff and punt returns.
Flicks are contact.
Flicks are difficult to do without opening hand and wrist target to a counterattack.
Flicks are strokes.
Flicks are usually on their second run but worth waiting for the lowered prices.
Flicks is the world's premier digital filmmaking festival.
Every flick serves a purpose.
Some flicks are always nice too.
Flicker patterns attract mates.
Flicker patterns attract potential mates.
A flicker is a woodpecker
Flicker allows switching between the images.
Flicker apparently thinks so, or pretends to.
Flicker can occasionally produce headaches and eyestrain in some people.
Flicker is a child of public schools.
Flicker is a lab mix.
Flicker is a natural by-product of CRT technology.
Flicker is annoying, especially when noticed in the peripheral line of vision.
Flicker is caused by having the refresh rate set too low.
Flicker is caused by large, rapidly fluctuating loads such as arc furnaces and electric welders.
Flicker is caused by untimely fading of phosphor due to a slow vertical refresh.
Flicker is defined as the visible pulsation of a light source.
Flicker is now far less of an issue.
Flicker is such a zine.
Flicker is the best kind of paranoid conspiracy story, the kind the reader wishes was true.
Flicker is the home page for alternative cinema.
Flicker is the main cause of eyestrain.
Flicker is the name of several species of woodpeckers that live in North America and South America.
Flicker is the primary cause of vision-related problems.
Flickers adopt a nest box more readily if it is placed above surrounding foliage.
Flickers are among the birds suffering from nomenclaturitis.
Flickers are attracted to suet feeders, especially in winter.
Flickers are flashs.
Flickers are jay-sized woodpeckers.
Flickers are strange woodpeckers because they get their food from the ground instead of from a tree.
Flickers are the only woodpeckers that frequently feed on open ground.
Flickers are the woodpecker most likely to be found on the ground where they feed on ants.
Flickers are woodpeckers.
Flickers build their nests in holes that they dig in trees with their bills.
Flickers commonly use nest boxes.
Flickers eat a lot of ants on the ground, on people's lawns.
Flickers eat more ants than any other birds do.
Flickers excavate larger holes higher on the stem.
Flickers feed on insects, including woodborers and beetles.
Flickers find much of their food on the ground.
Flickers have black spots on a tannish-white breast and belly.
Flickers primarily forage on the ground in open areas for ants and other insects.
Flickers reside in lightly wooded areas near farmlands.
Flickers tap out their messages on dead trees or a metal chimney.
Flickers often forage on the ground for ants which make up about half of their diet.
Some flickers feed on ground insects, especially ants.
A flier is a skilled worker
Flier unhooks apparatus and walks home.
Fliers advertising the sale are available at the church office.
Fliers are also available for members to post, distribute, etc.
Fliers are also available upon request.
Fliers are available free of charge to coaches or group directors.
Fliers are available from the Memorial's office.
Fliers are available in the church hall.
Fliers are available in the office and library.
Fliers are available in the office, in the library, and from each teacher.
Fliers are available in the Spencer Butte office.
Fliers are available now.
Fliers are available on the AID website.
Fliers are available on the table in the vestibule.
Fliers are bright.
Fliers are cheap and they work.
Fliers are in the mail and in the Temple office.
Fliers are in the narthex.
Fliers are ready.
Fliers are travelers.
Fliers can be on rounders in quad area or on cement walls around campus.
Fliers can connect to flights throughout the United States and beyond.
Fliers care about an airline s safety record and on-time performance.
Fliers carry different types of kites for different winds.
Fliers feed on small fish, insects and other invertebrates.
Fliers give new meaning to stickiness and so does billboard advertising.
Fliers Reach new audiences with a flier inserted in a newspaper.
Fliers show up, maybe set up a cabana, and assemble their toys.
Fliers sit in chairs, relaxing, busting on each other when kites crash.
Fliers tell participants to bring their umbrellas.
Fliers tend to be more dominant as the pH of the habitat decreases.
Fliers warn people of the open waters where a canal and rivers enter the lake.
Any flier can begin descending after a climb without an intervening distance.
Any fliers going to all faculty or staff boxes can have one label on the top with that instruction.
Many fliers also contain links to related webpages.
Many fliers think of a tuned pipe as a cylindrical chamber filled with voodoo magic.
Most fliers are half-pages.
Most fliers desire a little more control over their airplanes, however.
Most fliers lead rather ordinary lives.
Flight altitudes vary with weather conditions, distance to be flown and time of year.
A flight attendant is an attendant
Flight attendants answer passengers' questions about the flight and the airplane.
Flight attendants are aboard planes primarily to ensure the safety of passengers.
Flight attendants are also subject to weight requirements as well.
Flight attendants are emergency responders as well.
Flight attendants are happy to see more passengers coexisting peacefully.
Flight attendants are highly trained professionals who know all about the aircraft that they fly.
Flight attendants are in the flight attendant craft or class.
Flight attendants are located in airports.
Flight attendants are located in planes.
Flight attendants are no different.
Flight attendants are people, too.
Flight attendants are qualified to work in certain models of plane.
Flight attendants are responsible for passenger safety.
Flight attendants are susceptible to injuries because of the job demands in a moving aircraft.
Flight attendants are susceptible to injury because of the job demands in a moving aircraft.
Flight attendants are the tip of the iceberg.
Flight attendants are there for safety.
Flight attendants are usually eligible for discounts on airfare through their airline.
Flight attendants bid each month on routes, with the most senior ones getting first choice.
Flight attendants can do jobs.
Flight attendants can jeopardize their careers by striking or engaging in illegal self-help.
Flight attendants complain, too.
Flight attendants create opportunity.
Flight attendants decide to go on strike.
Flight attendants estimate about half the unruly incidents are related to alcohol consumption.
Flight attendants greet passengers.
Flight attendants have jobs.
Flight attendants have symptoms.
Flight attendants have the authority to make passengers switch seats.
Flight attendants have the opportunity to meet interesting people and see new places.
Flight attendants interact with passengers.
Flight attendants lose jobs.
Flight attendants make fun of the bump and hustle to quickly get on the plane and off the ground.
Flight attendants make sure all overhead luggage is properly stored.
Flight attendants move through the cabin of the aircraft to reposition seat belts and pick up trash.
Flight attendants pay scales for the major airlines.
Flight attendants provide instruction.
Flight attendants provide safety instruction.
Flight attendants provide services.
Flight attendants receive extra compensation for overtime and for night and international flights.
Flight attendants receive extra compensation for overtime, and for night and international flights.
Flight attendants say passengers regularly visit the lavatory in their bare feet.
Flight attendants serve customers.
Flight attendants serve drinks and snacks each way.
Flight attendants serving on shorter flights have lower levels.
Flight attendants strive to make air travel as comfortable and enjoyable as possible.
Flight attendants suffer a significant increased incidence of bone cancer.
Flight attendants take care of passenger needs.
Flight attendants to perform duties.
Flight attendants to perform extra duties.
Flight attendants work in the confined spaces of aircraft aisles and galleys.
Most flight attendants can do jobs.
Most flight attendants create opportunity.
Most flight attendants get squeamish when asked to carry a loaded barf bag to the lavatory.
Most flight attendants greet passengers.
Most flight attendants have jobs.
Most flight attendants interact with passengers.
Most flight attendants lose jobs.
Most flight attendants provide instruction.
Most flight attendants provide safety instruction.
Most flight attendants provide services.
Most flight attendants qualify for public assistance.
Most flight attendants serve customers.
Most flight attendants work full time, but they usually have variable schedules.
Some flight attendants attend academies.
Some flight attendants attend flight academies.
Some flight attendants attend flight attendant academies.
Some flight attendants attend special flight attendant academies.
Some flight attendants belong to unions.
Some flight attendants ensure seats.
Some flight attendants have schedules.
Some flight attendants help passengers.
Some flight attendants instruct passengers.
Some flight attendants leave skirts.
Some flight attendants pray together.
Some flight attendants respond to emergencies.
Some flight attendants straighten up the plane's cabin.
Some flight attendants take care.
Some flight attendants try to be humorous.
Some flight attendants work in cabins.
Some flight attendants work nights.
Flight cancellations are rare, but have occurred in the past.
Flight case is optional.
Flight commanders have the right to have any of their cadets removed from the promotion roster.
Flight control is a loop or series of loops.
Flight control is by joystick or keyboard.
Flight control is control
Flight control is control.
Flight control is exercised by movable canard control surfaces located in the weapon's front region.
Flight controls are ailerons and flying stabs.
Flight controls are ailerons, elevator, and throttle controls.
Flight controls are on the left half of the console, systems controls are on the right.
Flight controls are sloppy.
All flight controls are dual control.
All flight controls are in stock for exchange, repair or new and repaired replacement.
All flight controls are manual, making it a very tough aircraft to fly.
Flight controllers have the capability of re-engaging the elevators at any time.
Flight controllers presume the spacecraft broke apart in the atmosphere.
Flight crews learn the human body s reactions to the stresses of high altitude flight.
All flight crews receive intensive, recurrent training annually at recognized training facilities.
Most flight crews enjoy showing children the cockpit.
Flight delay is separated into reportable, non-reportable, and international delay.
Flight delays are a stress most people try to avoid, whether flying for vacation or for work.
Flight delays are more common on charter flights.
Flight delays remain at an all-time high.
Flight director waves jet to take-off .
Flight dispatchers authorize flights over assigned routes.
Flight duration is lift-off to impact.
Flight dynamics is the science of air and space vehicle orientation and control in three dimensions.
A flight engineer is a crew member
Flight engineers have to inspect and fix many types of airplanes.
A flight feather is a feather
Flight feathers appear.
Flight feathers are black and they have black feathers on the thighs and on the back of their heads.
Flight feathers are contour feathers.
Flight feathers are extraordinarily detailed in construction and strong for their weight.
Flight feathers are feathers.
Flight feathers are part of wings.
Flight feathers are the long feathers on the wings and tail used in flying.
Flight feathers are very strong and stiff feathers that are found on the wings of birds.
Flight feathers form wing and tail surfaces.
Flight feathers have a wider and narrower side.
Flight feathers have black upper- and undersurfaces.
Flight feathers have white barring.
Flight feathers make up the aerodynamic surfaces of the bird's wings and tail.
Flight feathers provide lift and movement for the bird through the air.
Some flight feathers have egg teeth.
Some flight feathers have teeth.
Flight instruction is available for beginners.
Flight instruction is available from two certified flight instructors that are members of the club.
Flight instruction is available to club members.
Flight instruction is completed to a level of competency in a taildragger.
Flight instruction is just like any other service business in that respect.
Flight instruction is offered to any club member at no charge.
Flight instruction is provided in a modern, well equipped fleet of single and multi-engine aircraft.
Flight instructions are proper when supported by the evidence.
Flight instructors are an important cornerstone in aviation.
Flight instructors are teachers.
Flight instructors have a much more difficult job.
Some flight instructors specialize in instrument training or maybe aerobatics.
Flight instruments become a necessity to stay oriented.
Flight instruments provide pilots with the tools to control aircraft analytically.
Flight level is obtained by removing the altitude's three rightmost digits.
Flight lines are part of airports.
Flight night is offered approximately once a month.
Flight numbers are unique for a particular day.
Flight of ideas is much like that.
Flight officers control the sophisticated weapons and guidance systems.
A flight path is a route
All flight paths lead to Bangkok, so there's plenty of airfare competition.
Flight patterns are good.
Flight phobia is a learned reaction.
Flight plan is loaded into the computer, over.
Flight planning determines optimal ALTM settings and aircraft parameters.
Flight planning is accomplished using the regular means.
Flight planning is mouse driven and graphical.
Flight planning is now a less tedious process.
Flight recorders are one of the primary sources of information when a plane crashes.
Flight restrictions remain in places.
Flight rules require that both communication transponders be functional for launch.
Flight safety is enhanced through the reliability and operational simplicity of jet technology.
Flight school is busy but offers a very fun and relaxed environment.
Flight schools can submit enrollment certifications electronically.
Many flight schools allow payments as time progresses, lesson by lesson, instead of all at once.
Many flight schools offer blocks o f time for a discount price.
Most flight schools have some kind of demonstration flight, usually at a reduced rate.
Flight service is the starting place for many pilots.
Flight simulation is kind of a big thing.
A flight simulator is a simulator
Flight simulator exercises on instrument flight maneuvers, departure and approach procedures.
Flight simulators are among the oldest computer games.
Flight simulators are computer games.
Flight simulators are essentially very sophisticated video games.
Flight simulators are simulators.
Flight simulators are the worst offenders here.
Flight simulators suffer the same plight.
Every flight simulator is configured, tuned, and tested with all software before shipping.
Flight software is realtime implementation that interfaces with electronic circuits.
Flight tests are due to take place in Britain.
Flight tests are in progress.
Flight tests continue into the summer.
Flight tests require the actual release of stores from aircraft.
All flight tickets have to be paid for in hard currency.
Flight time is about one hour each.
Flight time is about one hour for both.
Flight time is about twenty minutes.
Flight time is approx.
Flight time is approximately four hours.
Flight time is dependent upon fat reserves, which females take as being desirable genetic qualities.
Flight time is determined by counting the flashes of pulsed laser light.
Flight time is four hours.
Flight time is from engine start to shutdown.
Flight time is less than half an hour.
Flight time is normally just over an hour.
Flight time is one hour.
Flight time is three hours forty minutes.
Flight times are approximate.
Flight times are subject to availability.
Flight times are subject to change at anytime.
Flight times are subject to change without advance notice.
Flight times are tentative and are subject to change without notice.
Flight times are tentative and subject to change without notice.
Flight times are the most current available.
Flight times are usually under an hour.
Flight times average around three hours, including travel to and from the airport.
Flight times vary depending on day, airport location, and airline.
All flight times are subject to change by the airlines without advance notice.
All flight times are tentative, depending on wind conditions.
Flight tracking is provided independently by the Trip.
Flight training consists of dual flight instruction and solo flying.
Flight training is a big investment.
Flight training is also available.
Flight training is also currently available.
Flight training is an intense period of learning experiences.
Flight training is conducted after the crew members complete the academic training.
Flight training is conducted in a variety of aircraft selected to maximize student learning.
Flight training is divided into two parts, ground school and flight training.
Flight training is rigorous and simulates the combat arena as closely as possible.
Flight training takes place in the airplane.
All flight training is personalized and tailored to the student's individual needs.
All flight training is still grounded.
Flight watch is a great source of current radar information, too.
Flight watch is intended for weather updates only.
Flight watch is no good for that, but there is an alternative.
Flight zones decrease dramatically with less available space.
Flight allows deer to protect themselves so they can reproduce again.
Flight also allows birds to nest in sites that are inaccessible to cer- tain predators.
Flight also remains the wild horse's best defense against predators.
Flight appears weak with legs limply dangling.
Flight bears on nearly every aspect of insect biology.
Flight becomes a full color monthly publication and needs a full time photographer.
Flight becomes more over-stable at slow speeds, but a gradual turn creates good distance.
Flight begins with four aircraft, but only two aircraft complete the trip.
Flight can be a significant factor in determining probable cause.
Flight can be rapid but no actual measures of velocity have been made.
Flight can be very heavy at nesting sites.
Flight can evolve over time only if rudimentary wings help the organism to survive.
Flight comes with seven sets of built-in flying lessons.
Flight consists of a few rapid wingbeats followed by gliding and then another few wingbeats.
Flight consists of many different aspects of science.
Flight doses for specific flight profiles normally change very little in a couple of months.
Flight enables many insects to move quickly away from predators.
Flight ending dates vary by student.
Flight ends in a cornfield crash.
Flight following facility is authorized for cantonment area, training areas and ranges.
Flight following the commission of a crime is evidence of guilt . . . .
Flight Follows man's attempt to break the bonds of earth.
Flight gives all the benefits of levitation with none of the drawbacks.
Flight however is a little different.
Flight includes airport transfers.
Flight includes trips.
Flight instruct Some cool place on the west coast.
Flight invites pursuit and colors conduct which hitherto has appeared innocent . . .
Flight involves flap flight.
Flight involves flight.
Flight is a characteristic of all birds and some mammals.
Flight is a deep slow flapping and the bird usually screams as it goes.
Flight is a fear response.
Flight is a flutter from one branch or tree to another.
Flight is a formation
Flight is a method of moving through the air.
Flight is a photo of a woman swimming under water.
Flight is a powerful response to fear.
Flight is a prerequisite for Super Flight .
Flight is a series of rapid, shallow wing beats interspersed with gliding.
Flight is a typically noisy affair.
Flight is a very energy demanding method of locomotion compared to walking.
Flight is aborted.
Flight is air travel.
Flight is air units.
Flight is almost universal to their class.
Flight is also important in the skill of choosing when to quit a game.
Flight is also very useful for evading predators.
Flight is an activity that requited movement.
Flight is an engaging way to teach young people the principles of science and math.
Flight is an entirely new way of learning to sing.
Flight is an intricately-plotted, highly suspenseful novel.
Flight is an oversized club head designed to play like a low profile wood.
Flight is another product that has proven successful.
Flight is another symbol associated with birds, and acts as a stand in for awakening.
Flight is anteromotoric, or being driven primarily by action of the forewings.
Flight is at high velocities with rapid wingbeats.
Flight is at one.
Flight is bouyant and direct.
Flight is controlled by shifting one's body weight.
Flight is creativity.
Flight is dependent on both abiotic and biotic factors.
Flight is dependent on the existence of rising columns of warm air called thermals.
Flight is developed very gradually over time.
Flight is direct with rapid wing beats.
Flight is direct with rapid wingbeat.
Flight is direct with slow shallow wingbeats.
Flight is direct, on fast and shallowly beating wings.
Flight is energetically cheaper than walking or running once the bat is up in the air.
Flight is eternal delight past the moon's silver respite.
Flight is exclusive to animals with skeletons.
Flight is expensive to maintain, both in terms of metabolism and embryology.
Flight is expensive, even on horseback.
Flight is extra.
Flight is fast and consists of whirring wingbeats interrupted by brief glides.
Flight is fast and direct on rapidly beating wings.
Flight is fast, direct and through or above the canopy.
Flight is flocks.
Flight is forced to detour in Anchorage after obscene and violent outbursts from the popular singer.
Flight is formations.
Flight is fueled by carbohydrates or by fats.
Flight is hard to describe.
Flight is incredibly stable.
Flight is just membrane-assisted jumping.
Flight is laboured and flapping, but when on migration it is much more direct.
Flight is low and fast, alternates bursts of quick fluttery wing beats with short glides.
Flight is made easier by their light, hollow bones.
Flight is most common in the morning and late afternoon.
Flight is much smoother in the waved flow of air above the rotor zone.
Flight is no and never has been a boundless expanse.
Flight is nothing more than overcoming the forces of weight and drag by generating lift and thrust.
Flight is ok.
Flight is one of the most energetically expensive activities for animals to perform.
Flight is one of the primary reasons that insects have been successful in nature.
Flight is one part of movement that helps a bird maintain it's balance.
Flight is primarily low over the ground.
Flight is quick and direct, wing beats rapid.
Flight is rapid with deep wing beats.
Flight is rapid, fluttery, and tireless, with the black hind wing readily visible.
Flight is risk management by definition.
Flight is silent through the effect of extra soft, fringed flight feathers.
Flight is slow although markedly undulating.
Flight is slow and fluttery.
Flight is slow and maneuverable.
Flight is slow and steady.
Flight is slow and undulating.
Flight is something that certain kinds of dinosaurs achieved as they evolved longer arms.
Flight is stairways.
Flight is stopped by moving the hands into a dead zone , a minimum hand separation.
Flight is straight and direct, with constant rapid wing beats.
Flight is straight and very stable.
Flight is strong and direct, usually low over the water.
Flight is strong and direct.
Flight is strong and swift and the wings produce a whistling sound audible at close range.
Flight is strong, direct, usually close to the waves.
Flight is strong, direct, usualy close to the waves.
Flight is strong, with irregular wing flapping accompanied by white flashing of wing undersurfaces.
Flight is swift and direct with rapid , shallow wing beats.
Flight is swift and direct with rapid wing beats.
Flight is swift and direct.
Flight is swift and low with constantly changing flock formations.
Flight is swift and powerful on rapidly and deeply beating pointed wings.
Flight is swift, but effortless.
Flight is swift, in irregular and changing flock patterns.
Flight is swift, with abrupt turns.
Flight is the main mode of locomotion used by most of the world's bird species.
Flight is the most common response to threat, and is sometimes accompanied by a defensive kick.
Flight is the only new sensation that men can achieve in modern history.
Flight is the primary mode of locomotion in all bats, although the flight styles vary.
Flight is the primary mode of travel for the majority of visitors to the islands.
Flight is the usual method used in reducing threat.
Flight is their chief defense.
Flight is their function.
Flight is their primary defense.
Flight is trips.
Flight is usually fast, steady, and direct.
Flight is usually low and for short distances only.
Flight is usually short and shows the pale under-tail coverts as it flies.
Flight is weak and slow.
Flight is woodpecker-like and undulating over a distance.
Flight isa action.
Flight keeps evolving until there is only one type of flight, pure flight.
Flight lasts one hour.
Flight lends itself to setting near and far goals.
Flight means lifting the birds weight, so the first major consideration is reduction in weight.
Flight means possible escape.
Flight models fine-tuned.
Flight move freely because they're small and winged.
Flight occurs during humid weather.
Flight occurs during warm humid weather.
Flight occurs during warm weather.
Flight occurs during weather.
Flight occurs either as hovering, or as forward or backward motion.
Flight offers major benefits to insects.
Flight places extraordinary demands on the nervous system.
Flight provides a ready escape from earthbound predators.
Flight reports to follow.
Flight requires aerial operations.
Flight requires energy.
Flight requires forces.
Flight requires lift , which occurs because wings move air downwards.
Flight requires operations.
Flight requires power.
Flight requires strong wind.
Flight requires vertical forces.
Flight requires vertical lift forces.
Flight requires wind.
Flight requires wings.
Flight seems to end the sequence of works in the exhibition.
Flight seems to have been in the pipeline for a long time.
Flight shooting lens a plus.
Flight shows off site.
Flight start and stop dates apply to the contract.
Flight takes place over a period of six days.
Flight takes places.
Flight takes special physical characteristics in living things to be possible.
Flight tells the dramatic story of the most unusual flying machines ever flown.
Flights also connect from Antigua and other islands.
Flights also operate to the other capital cities.
Flights also tend to be expensive, due to lack of competition.
Flights are all with major airlines.
Flights are also available at airports in cities across the country.
Flights are also available from Brisbane.
Flights are also available from many other destinations at a modest cost.
Flights are also available to Monterrey and other Mexican cities from McAllen.
Flights are also available where there is necessary.
Flights are also more expensive, as all discounts are suspended during peak seasons.
Flights are approx.
Flights are approximately fifteen minutes, and there is a cost per person.
Flights are available appointment only.
Flights are available daily and can be scheduled year round.
Flights are available day or night to any of the local airports.
Flights are available each hour on most days during the summer months.
Flights are available every day, morning or evening, from a variety of launch sites.
Flights are available from a range of airports.
Flights are available from all major UK airports.
Flights are available from many eastern locations.
Flights are available from the U.S., Europe, South America and the Caribbean.
Flights are available from Vancouver to the private airstrip.
Flights are available most days.
Flights are available on a year round basis.
Flights are available seven days a week, year-round, by reservation.
Flights are available to and from Atlanta, Nashville, and Memphis.
Flights are available to the general public at any time and visitors are always welcome.
Flights are available, as is water taxi service.
Flights are best right after sunrise, when the air is calm and cool.
Flights are by reservation and passengers are charged per seat.
Flights are cheap because oil is cheap, regardless of environmental impact.
Flights are cheap but are still more than three times first class train fares.
Flights are cheap, and frequent from most European countries.
Flights are cheap, and the Gulf's waters are warm.
Flights are conducted at low elevation, slow speeds and follow the same transect routes each year.
Flights are daily.
Flights are delayed, baggage is lost.
Flights are direct.
Flights are directional from Anchorage.
Flights are dirt cheap and car hire and accommodation is cheaper.
Flights are either at sunrise or a few hours before sunset.
Flights are expensive and it is an horrendously long journey.
Flights are extra but can be arranged.
Flights are extra.
Flights are frequent and airfares are cheap.
Flights are frequent and take a minimum of fifty minutes.
Flights are full service with one-way discount prices.
Flights are full, luggage gets lost and the coach and first class seats are very expensive.
Flights are full.
Flights are generally on time.
Flights are generally under an hour.
Flights are heaviest when the lemming population has crashed in the far north.
Flights are in Colorado Springs.
Flights are in Denver area.
Flights are infrequent.
Flights are late and agitated people are rushing everywhere.
Flights are more crowded, there is less leg room and the service is less personalized.
Flights are most common shortly after dark.
Flights are on major scheduled airlines and competitively priced.
Flights are on regularly scheduled airlines.
Flights are on small turboprop aircraft, but they only take about an hour.
Flights are one area where students are easily misled.
Flights are only during daylight hours.
Flights are pitifully expensive.
Flights are possible all year round, weather permitting.
Flights are subject to change and are for guidleline only.
Flights are subject to weather conditions.
Flights are the biggest problem in getting there.
Flights are the fins or wings found at the back of a dart.
Flights are too few and the lead time between applying for a flight and launch is too long.
Flights are two times a week.
Flights are unpredictable and erratic.
Flights are usually at dawn when the winds are the calmest.
Flights are valid from NY, Boston, Washington, Atlanta, Chicago or Dallas.
Flights are year-round, weather permitting.
Flights arrive at Ercan airport from which most hotels have transport services.
Flights arrive daily from major cities across Italy.
Flights arrive daily from North America and around the world.
Flights arrive several times per day.
Flights arrive three times a day.
Flights begin about dawn and a couple of hours before sunset.
Flights begin shortly after sunrise when conditions are the best, weather permitting.
Flights Buy roundtrip tickets.
Flights can be less expensive.
Flights can fill up way in advance.
Flights can fly up the Bay and at far higher altitudes.
Flights can wait until later.
Flights carry passengers over beautiful coast valleys and hills.
Flights change seasonally.
Flights come in many shapes, and materials, and designs.
Flights connect the city to other African cities, and to Europe, the United States, and Asia.
Flights connect to more than twenty other major cities throughout China.
Flights connect with all the big Italian cities.
Flights consist of one half mile at high speed and one half mile at low speed.
Flights depart early morning.
Flights depart from most major U.S. gateway cities.
Flights depart from New York City.
Flights depart from other cities on an occasional basis.
Flights depart from Perth four days a week.
Flights depart from Seattle, Chicago and New York.
Flights depart Wellington on demand.
Flights generally last four hours.
Flights get delayed, hotels lose reservations, it rains.
Flights go between major cities and trains go everywhere and are quite efficient.
Flights go to and from other islands in the Shetlands.
Flights have empty seats.
Flights here can be tough to get and costly.
Flights hopscotch from city to city, sometimes touching down in six states in a single loop.
Flights is a serie of wingsflappings interspresed with long, straight glides.
Flights last an hour, half a day or an entire day.
Flights last approximately half an hour.
Flights launch from several locations throughout Grand County.
Flights leave daily from Vladivostok in eastern Russia to Moscow.
Flights leave daily on an hourly basis.
Flights leave every hour.
Flights leave from and return to the Buffalo, New York, airport.
Flights leave from Mexico and Canada daily.
Flights leave in the afternoon or evening for the United States.
Flights leave three times a week and buses depart daily.
Flights leave twice daily, weather permitting.
Flights normally take place early in the morning and late in the afternoon.
Flights occur at dusk or at night.
Flights offer a group tasting of three vintners' presentations of the same type of wine.
Flights offer a new way to explore the beauty of Napa Valley from a unique vantage point.
Flights operate out of the North Las Vegas Airport.
Flights operate subject to weather conditions.
Flights operated as public charters require an operator-participant contract prior to travel.
Flights originate from both airports in New York, as well as from Newark, Philadelphia and Atlanta.
Flights originate from Red Lake with one of our local air services.
Flights prevent the build up of excess body fat, particularly in hens.
Flights provide permitting agencies with a birdseye view of activities within the Coastal Zone.
Flights reportedly can land only after midmorning if strong sea breezes blow off the morning haze.
Flights require prepayment at time of reservation.
Flights rotate allowing for a sure shot with less deflection.
Flights run daily to all parts of the country.
Flights run daily.
Flights run three times a day during the week and two daily flights on the weekends.
Flights start at sunset.
Flights take about half an hour from Glasgow.
Flights take place at around sunrise and just before sunset.
Flights take place early morning when the breezes are gentle and the atmosphere is most stable.
Flights take place in all of which are withing easy reach of London.
Flights take place in the early morning and in the early evening.
Flights take place primarily at night but also during the day if the insects are disturbed.
Flights take place seven days a week, weather permitting.
Flights take place throughout the year in the early morning or about two hours before sunset.
Flights take place two times a day.
Flights tend to be low and rapid, within a foot over the top of the vegetation.
Flights tend to be quite expensive.
Flights tend to book early, especially on weekends.
Flights typically leave in late evening.
Flights Use our booking engine to search for the best rates to destinations around the world.
Flights always depart on time, and buses almost always depart on time.
Flight often resembles harrier.
Flights usually occur in the late spring or early summer.
Flights usually take under an hour.
All flight get really tight and expensive.
All flights also carry cargo over the same extensive network.
All flights are by hired charter.
All flights are by reservation , and are scheduled weather permitting.
All flights are by reservation and are scheduled weather permitting.
All flights are by reservation only.
All flights are by reservation.
All flights are daily.
All flights are direct flights from Miami without layovers.
All flights are direct, except when noted by an asterisk.
All flights are in km.
All flights are non smoking.
All flights are non-smoking.
All flights are on major carriers on schedule flights.
All flights are on regularty scheduled jet carriers.
All flights are on schedule.
All flights are over-night from the U.S. to Spain, France, Germany, etc.
All flights are round trip.
All flights are roundtrip.
All flights are seven days a week.
All flights are subject to availability and weather conditions.
All flights are subject to change at any time without notice.
All flights are subject to change.
All flights are subject to class availability.
All flights are subject to good weather.
All flights are subject to weather conditions.
All flights are to begin at the same point.
All flights are tough to get on right now.
All flights are via Zurich.
All flights are weather permitting and advanced reservations are required.
All flights are weather permitting.
All flights arrive back in the UK on the following day.
All flights come in a range of colors including neon.
All flights cross the date line and consequently a day is lost.
All flights earn Aeroplan miles.
All flights feature meal or snack service and complimentary champagne is served.
All flights have misting systems operating during the hot summer weather.
All flights operate through Vancouver s South Terminal.
All flights operate with a minimum fare if less than two adults.
All flights originate from Albuquerque or Denver.
All flights originate from the Storm Lake airport, weather permitting.
All flights originate in Miami and have fairly good connections.
All flights require a minimum of two passengers.
All flights require adult supervision.
All flights require completion of a dispatch card by the pilot before issuance of aircraft keys.
All flights require prior financial approval and arrangements.
Any flight can and does carry the element of surprise.
Any flight requires layers and layers of systems to work in perfect synchronization.
Every flight begins with a thorough preflight inspection.
Every flight can bring in at least several hundred dollars and usually a lot more.
Every flight can potentially move an invasive species into a new area.
Every flight features lunch or dinner.
Every flight has to be conducted in accordance with existing safety procedures.
Every flight imposes loads and stresses on the aircraft.
Every flight is a learning experience .
Every flight is a little different in duration and distance.
Every flight is a new adventure.
Every flight is a potential intelligence bonanza.
Every flight is a unique experience.
Every flight is graded and an instructor is along.
Every flight is planned to the particular desires of the passengers for their flight.
Every flight is preceeded by a pre-flight inspection of the airplane.
Many flights are cancelled .
Many flights are cancelled.
Many flights are direct flights without layovers.
Many flights require advance bookings.
Many flights sell out so call early.
More flights are available from Europe and from certain other eligible countries.
More flights can join an interception during the combat.
Most flight includes trips.
Most flight involves flap flight.
Most flight involves flight.
Most flight occurs during humid weather.
Most flight occurs during warm humid weather.
Most flight occurs during warm weather.
Most flight occurs during weather.
Most flight requires aerial operations.
Most flight requires energy.
Most flight requires forces.
Most flight requires operations.
Most flight requires power.
Most flight requires strong wind.
Most flight requires vertical forces.
Most flight requires vertical lift forces.
Most flight requires wind.
Most flight takes places.
Most flights are non-stop with just over an hour travel time.
Most flights are regular scheduled service with reputable international carriers.
Most flights arrive in Dublin.
Most flights arrive late afternoon.
Most flights begin near sunrise or just before sunset when the wind is lightest.
Most flights come with a complimentary video.
Most flights depart the USA to Europe during the evenings.
Most flights go through Houston or Miami.
Most flights originate out of Dallas.
Most flights pass without incident.
Most flights span about an hour.
Some flight explains biogeographies.
Some flight generates body heat.
Some flight generates heat.
Some flight leads to starvation.
Some flight occurs at nights.
Some flight occurs in late springs.
Some flight occurs in springs.
Some flight occurs in summer.
Some flights are automatically refundable, because of there high prices.
Some flights have chocolate chip cookies baking on board, served just before landing.
Some flights now carry defibrillators, easy breathers and nebulisers.
Some Flights own their own buildings.
Flightcraft panels are modular using industry standard components.
Flightcraft products are first class.
Flightless birds adapt to life.
Flightless birds have flat sterna.
Flightless birds have heads.
Flightless birds have muscles.
Flightless birds have sterna.
Flightless birds live in regions.
Flightless birds make foot strides.
Flightless birds make strides.
Flightless birds provide examples.
Flightless birds use legs.
Flightless birds use powerful legs.
Flightless birds use wings.
Many flightless birds have only three toes, the African ostrich but two.
Most flightless birds adapt to life.
Most flightless birds have flat sterna.
Most flightless birds have heads.
Most flightless birds have muscles.
Most flightless birds have sterna.
Most flightless birds live in regions.
Most flightless birds make foot strides.
Most flightless birds make strides.
Most flightless birds provide examples.
Most flightless birds use legs.
Most flightless birds use powerful legs.
Most flightless birds use wings.
Some flightless birds have courtship dances.
Some flightless birds have dances.
Flightless cormorants are just amazing, too.
Flightless weevils are typically active at night.
Most flightseeing charters provide standard packages tailored to highlight sights of local interest.
Flightstick version Use the frying pan as the current weapon.
Flimsy cards can get bent.
Flimsy fabric has a short, sad life and, incidentally, makes for maddeningly wimpy himo.
Flimsy handshakes can be a real turnoff.
A flimsy is paper
Flimsies appears twice monthly.
A flinch is a start
Flinch can be a real guy sometimes.
A fling is effort
Flings are awesome.
Flinn cabinets meet the requirements described above for secondary containment.
Flint corn is field corn
Flint corn is similar to dent corn but higher in protein and easier to digest.
Flint glass is optical glass
Flint glasses contain lead.
Flint Hill wins the tournament.
Flint River can correct some skin and digestion problems.
Flint River offers a self-employment business opportunity.
A flint is oxide
Flint abounds in all the plains and valleys of the wilderness of the forty years' wanderings.
Flint becomes baby-like again.
Flint breaking through anything, nothing can stop it.
Flint breaks with a conchoidal fracture and very sharp edge.
Flint breathes again.
Flint escorts two families from the train to a settlement in Bitter Springs.
Flint grabs the bull by both horns.
Flint grabs the drugs from the doctor's bag.
Flint is dark gray to black chert and it's found in chalk limestones.
Flint knows that, too.
Flint occurs in the form of rounded nodules and is very hard.
Flint offers excellent cultural and educational programs in the arts and music fields.
Flint points out that the firm looks at business plans from graduates of many less famous schools.
Flint puts a huge premium on work effort and preparation, especially with untested players.
Flint stands among a dozen or so yellow-clad firefighters.
Flint tends to be an incestuous town as far as the scene goes.
Flint thinks so.
Flints are stones.
Much flint is found there.
A flintlock is an action
Flintlocks are as safe as any other gun, and as dangerous.
A flintstone is a flint
Flintstone are married and file a joint return.
Flintstones are flints.
Flintstones are television shows.
Flintstones are used in some countries for building .
Flintstones are used in some countries for building.
Flintstones often have a rough lumpy surface but when they are broken , they look like dark glass .
Flintstones often have a rough lumpy surface but when they are broken, they look like dark glass.
Flip books focus on animal health and the elements of owner responsibility.
Flip cards are especially good for learning terminology and facts.
A flip chart is a chart
Flip charts are available with area maps and telephone numbers for all maintenance crews.
Flip charts are charts.
Flip charts are too small.
Flip charts are very small, so they can be emailed to far away friends.
Flip charts have a million uses.
Flip chip is an interesting technology, and there is much to learn.
Flip cover prevents accidental activation - great feature.
Flip door hinge 'lock' down to keep load arm from sliding to the right during manipulator operation.
Flip flop is a bistable multivibrator .
Flip flop is a bistable multivibrator.
Flip flops are the preferred footware.
Flip kits relocate the axle from below the leaf springs to above.
Some flip light switches.
Flip top keeps tops of batteries cleaner and much easier for maintenance.
Flip top slides off bottle for easy cleaning access.
A flip is a tumble
Flips are different names for the flips out there.
Flips are dives.
Flips are flippings.
Flips are good for a variety of merchandise.
Flips are mixed drinks.
Flips are the best thing since apple pie when it comes to convenience.
Flips are throws.
Flips is a trendy restaurant on lower Greenville.
Flips switch of timer to verify that test light burns and that timer functions.
Flips switch to activate electroplating process in tanks.
Flips switches to start generator, air compressor, and heaters.
Flippant comments are in Orange .
Flippant conversation is discouraged.
Flipped normals Stay away from any kind of procedural texture.
A flipper is a shoe
Flipper allows or disallows lower limit material into the mix.
Flipper are very cruel.
Flipper does well with other greyhounds but tends be shy around other dogs.
Flipper is buried.
Flipper is currently in a foster home with other greyhounds and miniature dachshunds.
Flipper is formed by a diversion of the river around a rock ledge on river left into a notch.
Flipper is intelligent.
Flipper is lightweight and can be moved easily from one area to another.
Flipper is now down because of a hardware failure.
Flipper is something that never sounds the same.
Flipper isa limb.
Flippers act as heat exchangers, warming or cooling the seal as needed.
Flippers are a local tradition, a guilty pleasure for native and visitor alike.
Flippers are also offensive.
Flippers are dark, and a series of grey-black lines connect the flippers to the beak.
Flippers are hairless.
Flippers are limbs.
Flippers are pale gray in front but darken in color along the trailing edge.
Flippers are part of aquatic mammals.
Flippers are quite long and can be almost a third of the body length.
Flippers are shoes.
Flippers are short and broad and rounded at the tips.
Flippers are short and rounded.
Flippers are small and rounded, and a small eye is set at the angle of the jaw.
Flippers are small and rounded, and the bowhead has no dorsal fin.
Flippers are small and rounded.
Flippers are small, rounded at the tips, and oval in shape.
Flippers are used to aid in turning and stopping.
Flippers can act like an airplane wing in the water.
Flippers can improve the quality and power of crawl kicking.
Flippers contain an elaborate bone structure, much like a human hand.
Flippers have (part) corpi.
Flippers have a distinctive white band.
Flippers result from a lack of vacuum.
Flippers vary in size and shape - usually used for steering.
All flippers are without claws.
All flippers have no claws.
Some flippers are part of anglerfish.
Some flippers are part of anglers.
Some flippers are part of argentines.
Some flippers are part of belugas.
Some flippers are part of bluefishes.
Some flippers are part of bottlenoses.
Some flippers are part of bowheads.
Some flippers are part of carps.
Some flippers are part of cods.
Some flippers are part of coelacanths.
Some flippers are part of coneys.
Some flippers are part of congers.
Some flippers are part of dolphins.
Some flippers are part of dugongs.
Some flippers are part of fish.
Some flippers are part of flounder.
Some flippers are part of frogfishs.
Some flippers are part of gars.
Some flippers are part of gobies.
Some flippers are part of goldfishes.
Some flippers are part of guppies.
Some flippers are part of hagfishes.
Some flippers are part of hammerheads.
Some flippers are part of hinds.
Some flippers are part of lampreys.
Some flippers are part of largemouths.
Some flippers are part of lungfishes.
Some flippers are part of manatees.
Some flippers are part of mollies.
Some flippers are part of mosquitofishs.
Some flippers are part of mullets.
Some flippers are part of narwhals.
Some flippers are part of orcas.
Some flippers are part of perches.
Some flippers are part of plaices.
Some flippers are part of porpoises.
Some flippers are part of rays.
Some flippers are part of remoras.
Some flippers are part of salmon.
Some flippers are part of seals.
Some flippers are part of sharks.
Some flippers are part of smallmouths.
Some flippers are part of snooks.
Some flippers are part of sticklebacks.
Some flippers are part of stingrays.
Some flippers are part of stonefishs.
Some flippers are part of triggerfish.
Some flippers are part of walruses.
Some flippers are part of whales.
Some flippers have abrasion.
Some flippers have claws.
Some flippers have heavy abrasion.
Some flippers have light spots.
Some flippers have spots.
Some flippers have strong claws.
Flipping text is a bit different but fun to play around with.
Flippy skirt has elastic waist.
FLIR imagery provides the pilot a view of terrain ahead of the aircraft at night.
FLIR systems are still highly effective under conditions of low-visibility or complete darkness.
FLIR units measure the amount of infrared energy emitted by various objects and life forms.
A flirt is a woman
Flirt like there's no tomorrow.
Flirts become more flirtatious.
A flirtation is recreation
Flirtation is creative and unpredictable.
Flirtation is exciting.
Flirtation is more serious than first anticipated.
Flirtation is more serious than usual.
Flirtation is part of the spirit of life in Italy.
Flirtation is serious.
Flirtation is taught in a weekend seminar.
Flirtation leads to something serious.
Flirtation Let's get with the guy behind the counter.
Flirtations Unabashedly lesbian and gay a cappella.
Float building begins soon after.
Float building is a year-round project.
Float chambers are available in a wide range of materials and styles.
Float charge continues after the selected state of charge voltage has been reached.
Some float clouds contain vapor.
Some float clouds contain water vapor.
Float fishing can be effective.
Float fishing has two big advantages.
Float fishing is a very effective method in calm pools, and boulder strewn rivers.
Float fishing is by far the most effective way to fish most of the areas rivers and lakes.
Float fishing is fun but can be hard work and is restricted to close range fishing .
Float fishing is in the midst of a renaissance.
Float fishing is probably one of the easiest way for new steelhead fishermen to learn.
Float floor drain A drain that diverts water from the basement to a collection area.
Float glass is standard for windows and doors.
Float leaf plants grow in areas.
Float leaf plants grow in protect areas.
Float leaves have surfaces.
Float leaves have waxy surfaces.
Float plane charters as well as regular scheduled flights depart from the same area.
Float plane is the only way in and,out, weather permitting.
Float plane tours through some of the most spectacular scenery in the world.
Float planes are airplanes.
Float planes are welcome to arrive at the lodge.
Float planes can land and tie up in front of the lodge.
Float planes can land easily.
Float planes can land on Oxtongue Lake, adjacent to our main base.
Float planes can only land at the edges of both parks.
Float planes can put down a short way from the airstrip on Pine Lake.
Float planes dock at the wharf mall in Juneau.
Float plants grow in areas.
Float plants grow in protect areas.
Float plants grow on surfaces.
Float plants grow on water surfaces.
Float plants use energy.
Float seaweed finds in blue water.
Float seaweed finds in clear blue water.
Float seaweed finds in clear water.
Float seaweed finds in water.
Float switches can stick open or closed.
Float time depends on water levels.
Float time is about three hours.
Float times vary depending upon weather and water conditions.
Float tube is needed to fish effectively.
Float tube is needed.
Float tubes allow for better access and maneuverability on the water.
Float tubes allow for better access.
Float tubes allow great access.
Float tubes are common.
Float tubes require some sort of pump to do the job.
Float tubes work extremely well on lakes that are a shorter hike or day trip.
Many float valves are very restrictive to water flow.
Float vegetation contains trees.
A float is stock
Float almonds on top.
Float arrays float keyword.
Float can appear quickly and without warning.
Float cheat before all island still record family pc.
Float clove studded orange slices in bowl.
Float consists of gray ls.
Float deserve across an hair if use softball glove-mizuno.
Float deserve across an hair if use spartans merchandise.
Float deserve across an hair if use spartans posters.
Float determines if content outside of the table can wrap around it.
Float equipped airplanes can land at our own harbour facility.
Float equipped RPVs are available foe harbour, dam and river sites.
Float extends  java.lang.
Float go unto no control until visit chicago bears apparel.
Float honor off most choice hence provides free viagra.
Float is a generally excepted data type.
Float is complimentary to blade.
Float is good.
Float is short term.
Float is where the art sits on top of the mat board.
Float leaves on it.
Float likes Murmur on animal of either big screen television yet curl to little importance.
Float likes Murmur on animal of either nextel audio connector yet curl to little importance.
Float likes Murmur on animal of either proscan digital tv yet curl to little importance.
Float likes Murmur on animal of either sony camcorders yet curl to little importance.
Float moves the element out of the page flow and places it at either the left or right page margin.
Float opens the chat room in a separate window.
Float refers to checks in the process of clearing.
Float Returns the floating point value represented by the specified String.
Float supports slide into tubes in the chassis.
Float trips down the nearby Missouri scenic waterways are a popular summertime activity.
Float trips down the Provo River for people of all ages.
Float trips down the river combine exhilaration with peaceful solitude.
Floats also come in different materials, designs and configurations.
Floats are a real feast to the eyes.
Floats are artifacts.
Floats are available complete with canopy and rigging.
Floats are big.
Floats are displays.
Floats are fun to decorate.
Floats are gas-filled bulbs that keep the kelp from sinking.
Floats are hand tools.
Floats are stock.
Floats are time intervals.
Floats beam up.
Floats can be a very valuable tool when fish seem wary, and a subtle presentation is necessary.
Floats can soak up fuel over a long period of time and become too heavy.
Floats come in a variety of sizes, shapes, colors, and materials.
Floats come in many shapes and sizes.
Floats flap up to break adhesion, remove debris, and facilitate natural adhesion.
Floats keep lures and bait in the right drifts .
Floats keep the trap above water level to prevent turtles from drowning.
Floats mark the shallow water area.
Floats now have stringers, or runner bottoms for fast water and rock laden bottoms.
Floats provide a quick way to measure water velocity and requires little time or equipment.
Floats pulled by horses and football players competing in leather helmets are in action.
Floats work best on long word boundaries.
All floats are non-negative unless otherwise specified.
All floats are now charcoal grey.
All floats are pressure checked for leaks before shipping.
All floats walk in a parade at the climax day.
Many floats have special effects - a bird with flapping wings, a dragon spitting smoke, etc.
Some float is so big and tall.
Some floats have individual stands, popularly known as queijos .
Floatable debris can harm wildlife when it is ingested or when organisms become entangled in it.
Floatable debris is also a nuisance and hazard for boaters.
Floatation devices represent a major cost of the mussel operation.
Floatation tanks are a proven stress-buster.
A floatation is finance
Floatation can be fine tuned based on the theory discussed below.
Floatation is transitory.
Floatation is usually a passive experience.
Floatation uses water to detect the presence of chinch bugs.
Floated elements interfere with the background of their containing box.
Floated objects stay on top, even after regens, saves and during plotting.
A floater is insurance
Floater is a throwback to the old cooperative and fun spirit of the net.
Floaters accumulate with age or with physical trauma.
Floaters appear as spots, dots, or lines and affect or interrupt vision.
Floaters appear as translucent specks or dots of various shapes and sizes.
Floaters are a thickening of gel particles in the posterior part of the eye.
Floaters are almost always due to opacities in the vitreous gel which cast shadows on the retina.
Floaters are also a common postsurgical experience.
Floaters are also easier to retrieve if lost from snags, or from being busted off.
Floaters are diseases.
Floaters are easy to serve, but very difficult to pass.
Floaters are employees.
Floaters are good choices for shade.
Floaters are hollow and unlikely to germinate.
Floaters are less common but can also occur.
Floaters are more concerning.
Floaters are more likely to be taken deeper than jigged, or trolled hooks on baits or lures.
Floaters are now non-existent.
Floaters are objects.
Floaters are people who choose a substantive answer when they really don t know.
Floaters are policy.
Floaters are quite common in nearsighted people.
Floaters are shapes which people can see drifting across their vision.
Floaters are small clumps of gel that form in the vitreous.
Floaters are suspended in the vitreous humour, the thick fluid or gel that fills the eye.
Floaters are swimmers.
Floaters are the best form.
Floaters are tiny clumps of material that are floating in the fluid inside the eye.
Floaters are tiny spots or specks that float across the field of vision.
Floaters are tiny spots that float across the field of vision.
Floaters are turds that have an unusually high gas content.
Floaters are very common and are the main problem or concern of web site visitors.
Floaters are voters.
Floaters are welcome to attend any chapter meetings, Area meetings, and all Guild activities.
Floaters become more frequent as a person ages.
Floaters can appear as spots which interfere with vision.
Floaters can be particularly annoying.
Floaters can expect to encounter anglers on foot.
Floaters can get in the way of clear vision, often when reading.
Floaters can have different shapes and can appear as dots, circles, wiggly lines, clouds or cobwebs.
Floaters can have different shapes such as little dots, circles, clouds cobwebs or lines.
Floaters can have different shapes, such as little dots, circles, lines clouds or cobwebs.
Floaters can look like little bugs, stars, threads, or cobwebs.
Floaters can look like little semi-transparent bugs, stars, threads, or cobwebs.
Floaters can take many forms from little dots, circles, lines, to clouds or cobwebs.
Floaters can transform a crystal bowl into an offer of friendship.
Floaters come and go with eye movements, such as blinking.
Floaters come in many shapes, colors and sizes.
Floaters dismiss patients, run errands, deliver mail and flowers, and help with office projects.
Floaters get to spot a lot, since they are by the door.
Floaters have excellent opportunities to view various wildlife species and abundant plant life.
Floaters have no soil mass.
Floaters help the hospital to provide efficient, quality care to patients and their families.
Floaters is a tale of peculiar passion and perversity.
Floaters is full of laughs.
Floaters launch out sideways from the aircraft.
Floaters maintain their relative position in the visual field with eye movement.
Floaters predominate in oilfields in the deeper northern waters offshore from Scotland and Norway.
Floaters remain as separate layers so editing the map is easy.
Floaters report seeing beaver, deer, wild turkeys, and an assortment of wading birds.
Floaters roam the room and help the students faltering behind to catch-up.
Floaters start in Livingston and arrive in Columbus.
Floaters sure can be a nuisance though, especially when they get in the line of vision.
Floaters tend to have stable market values .
Floaters tend to increase with age.
Floaters tend to last longer than flashes.
Floaters often travel next to forested hillsides and past rocky outcrops.
Floaters sometimes interfere with vision, often during reading, and they can be quite annoying.
All floaters are tender.
All floaters leave with the super floater.
All floaters seem to agree that being inside the tank is the most relaxing period of their lives.
Most floaters are harmless.
Most floaters are quite harmless, though they can be annoying.
Most floaters bring water from home in plastic jugs.
Most floaters choose the calmer middle section of the river, popular with beginners and families.
Some floaters have small propellers front and back while others have a cupped mouth like a pop'r.
Most floating shapes are now keyboard accessible.
Floatings are physical events.
Floatings are swimming.
Floatings are testing.
Floatplane facilities are available for fly-in visitors.
A floatplane is a hydroplane
Floatplane offers convenience, comfort and a smooth ride most of the time.
Floatplanes are a little spendy, but well worth it.
Floatplanes are one of the best ways to get to the backcountry.
Floatplanes are seaplanes.
Floatplanes can land on Surprise Lake.
Floatplanes comes in different sizes .
Floatplanes have a very limited cargo space .
Floatplanes provide another popular means of travelling to the islands.
Floaty pens are fascinating and easy to trade through the mail.
FLOC workers can now also make more contributions to the American society.
FLOC workers can now expect to lead healthier, more stable lives.
Flocculated matter is removed and pressed like as in photo.
A flocculation is an action
Flocculation facilitates bridging between particles.
Flocculation is low to medium.
Flocculation is more obvious on soils with high cation exchange capacity.
Flocculation is often too expensive for large operations.
Flocculation is the process by which the colloidal impurities adhere to the precipitate.
Flocculation is the process of particles aggregating into larger clumps.
Flocculation is used as an immobilizing process to prevent wash out of cells from a bioreactor.
Flocculation occurs when the multiplet volume increases rapidly.
Flocculation opens up the soil for greater movement of air and water.
Flocculations are natural processes.
Flocks of bird are herds.
Flocks of birds are better able to find food and protect themselves from predators.
Flocks of birds can be very highly organised in a way that takes care of all the flock members.
Flocks of birds fly back and forth in an imposing central entrance hall.
Flocks of birds raise their young in the mountains, on sea cliffs or in the marshlands.
Flocks of birds rise from the treetops.
A flock is a congregation
Flock attract with lots mass though stuck jumping jacks.
Flock disappear down that ghost before waste vw beetle rsi.
Flock is also the name of the company making the browser .
Flock is also the name of the company making the browser.
Flock is for file locking locally which is implemented in the kernel.
Flock is more bulletproof, but pipe is more portable.
Flock is short fibers - usually acrylic, polyester, rayon or nylon.
Flock is the function perl uses to execute file locking.
Flock is under their care, collectively, indiv.
Flock isa group.
Flock prove Art throughout an telephone with no hill.
Flock suggests contact someone in the bureau via e-mail or fax.
Flock wins the race but is disqualified following a post-race technical inspection.
Flocks are animal groups.
Flocks are congregations.
Flocks are especially large in winter and during migration.
Flocks are now smaller.
Flocks are often at tidal edge, where food resources are most available.
Flocks are small and compact.
Flocks are software.
Flocks are very conspicuous.
Flocks are visually obvious and often very noisy, seemingly attractive targets for predators.
Flocks become nomadic in fall seeking food.
Flocks break up in the breeding season and the breeding adults form monogamous pairs.
Flocks can be large where birds buildup over time.
Flocks can number in the dozens to thousands of birds.
Flocks can strip an entire bush in less than an hour.
Flocks disassemble in early spring.
Flocks feed in fields, lawns, woodlots, and bottomlands.
Flocks fly in tight groups when moving locally, but in loose lines when migrating long distances.
Flocks fly low over sea, with stiff shallow wingbeats, often tilting from side to side.
Flocks form often.
Flocks form without a designated leader.
Flocks go off feed.
Flocks have a hierarchy, which is sometimes demonstrated by aggressive behavior at feeders.
Flocks help ensure that all individuals find at least some food on a regular basis.
Flocks move away from boats when hunted.
Flocks perch in long rows on branches and wires.
Flocks raise quite a ruckus around the feeder, communicating with a very loud chirp.
Flocks tend to be smaller when a variety of parid species occur in the same area.
Flocks tend to break up through the autumn and birds return to their nesting colony sites.
Flocks travel and feed together.
Flocks withdraw deeper into the woods during the fall.
Flocks often forage along the shore or on lawns.
Flocks often gather together, forming large groups of hundreds of birds.
Flocks often perch at the tops of trees.
Flocks often sing in chorus and males sing even in flight.
Flocks often take flight as a whole.
Flocks often utilize traditional caching areas from year to year.
Flocks usually migrate in a V-formation.
All flocks begin with clean, dry bedding.
Every flock has lamb mortality.
Many flocks Divide the class into several flocks of at least three people each.
Many flocks make spectacular arrivals at sunset.
Some flocks contain many thousands of sheep.
Some flocks never regain an economical rate of lay.
Flocked carpets are resilient and crush-resistant.
Flocked paper is a fuzzy black material that looks like very fine velvet.
Flocked trees are acceptable.
Flocked trees are hot.
Flocs can trap microorganisms, which can be easily removed by water because they're larger.
A floe is a formation
Some floes break apart, some slide partially over the other, and some simply grind past each other.
Some floes have small snowdrifts, and many have evidence of life.
Flood attacks tend to consume the bandwidth of both the sender and the receiver.
Flood barriers are an increasing source of anger to people living beside rivers.
Flood basalts are basalts.
Flood basalts are common in northeastern California and eastern Oregon and Washington.
Flood basalts are more ancient examples.
Flood basalts are much like mudflows.
Flood basalts seem to appear abruptly within plates, without known cause.
Flood control reservoirs have pools.
Flood control reservoirs have small permanent pools.
Flood control continues through spring when snowmelt is coming down off the mountains.
Flood control costs billions.
Flood control is a problem that planners have been wrestling with for years.
Flood control is achieved in other ways as well.
Flood control is already a done deal.
Flood control is an additional benefit for society.
Flood control is control
Flood control is control.
Flood control is defined as all methods used to prevent or reduce the harmful effects of floods.
Flood control is intimately related to navigation improvement.
Flood control is merely one coincidental of landscape design.
Flood control is nothing new in the area.
Flood control is one of the project purposes.
Flood control is only one of several benefits of a watershed control plan.
Flood control is provided by operation of the reservoir on a forecast basis.
Flood control is provided through a system of dams, canals, and powerplants.
Flood control is the primary function of many of the projects on the Columbia River.
Flood control is to manage the flood risk.
Flood control is vital to the region.
Flood control poses the same dilemma.
Flood control works, including channel rectification and alteration.
Flood damage is excluded under basic homeowners policies.
Flood damage is the result of people wanting to live on the floodplain.
Some flood damage occurs during spring thaw.
Some flood damage occurs during thaw.
Flood defences are therefore absolutely vital.
Flood disasters can result in long incident periods and the evacuation of whole communities.
Flood disturbances reduce stability.
Flood forecasting is critical to minimizing the damage from floods.
Flood insurance can be relatively inexpensive.
Flood insurance covers all surface floods.
Flood insurance covers most losses caused by surface floodwater.
Flood insurance is a federally subsidized program, and is relatively inexpensive.
Flood insurance is a problem in a number of communities.
Flood insurance is a separate policy.
Flood insurance is a seperate policy with seperate deductibles for building and contents.
Flood insurance is affordable.
Flood insurance is also available to renters, condominium owners, and co-op owners.
Flood insurance is another promising new market.
Flood insurance is available both inside and outside of flood plains.
Flood insurance is available everywhere.
Flood insurance is available for the value of the structure, minus the land value.
Flood insurance is available from the federal government for flood-prone areas.
Flood insurance is available from various insurance agents.
Flood insurance is available in participating communities.
Flood insurance is available only for homeowners.
Flood insurance is available only for potential losses to buildings and mobile homes.
Flood insurance is available only to homeowners.
Flood insurance is available through an insurance agent or broker.
Flood insurance is available to all homeowners in most communities in Kentucky.
Flood insurance is available whether the building is in or out of the identified flood-prone area.
Flood insurance is cost-effective.
Flood insurance is easy to get.
Flood insurance is easy to obtain and is affordable for many people.
Flood insurance is for damage from a rising body of water, such as a river or an ocean.
Flood insurance is inexpensive.
Flood insurance is insurance.
Flood insurance is made available to property owners in participating communities.
Flood insurance is often the first step toward recovery.
Flood insurance is on a federal level and is a separate policy.
Flood insurance is one of the best ways to keep disaster relief costs down for all taxpayers.
Flood insurance is only available for homeowners .
Flood insurance is only available for homeowners.
Flood insurance is required by law in some instances.
Flood insurance is required for structures that are collateral for a federally insured mortgage.
Flood insurance is sold as a separate policy.
Flood insurance is something on the minds of many residents who live near the river.
Flood insurance is the first line of defense in a flooding disaster.
Flood insurance is valuable financial protection.
Flood insurance offers line of defense against rising waters.
Flood insurance pays even if there is no official disaster declaration.
Flood insurance pays even when no disaster is declared.
Flood insurance pays for covered losses quickly.
Flood insurance protects individuals and taxpayers from the expense of flood disaster recovery.
Flood insurance provides coverage for buildings and the inventories of businesses.
Flood insurance provides disaster victims with protection for the future.
Flood insurance reimburses customers for all covered losses.
Flood insurance requires separate policy altogether.
Flood irrigation carries plant propagules into hay meadows, pastures and other irrigated lands.
Flood irrigation causes soil to become salinized, lowering soil fertility.
Flood irrigation floats up a bonanza of insect prey on a regular basis.
Flood irrigation is very risky for a germination irrigation or irrigation of small beans.
Flood lights are an excellent deterrent.
Flood lights are generally cheaper and easier to work with.
Flood lights are relatively inexpensive, durable and lightweight.
Flood lights can be good, as they often have good light control.
Flood lights can be good, if they have good light control.
A flood plain is a field
Flood plains are areas near streams or rivers that flood during periods of heavy rain.
Flood plains are generally marshy.
Flood plains are made by a meander eroding sideways as it travels downstream.
Flood plains are nature's way of channeling excess water.
Flood plains are often rich in nutrients and create fertile farmland.
Flood plains can be entirely within the waterway.
Flood plains can be hazardous environments but are extremely fertile lands.
Flood plains can provide drift to the channel under some circumstances.
Flood plains retain excess water, acting as a buffer to lessen the impact of floods elsewhere.
Flood prevention is complex and solutions are often localised.
Flood protection is now crucial for many people.
Flood protection is presented as one benefit of wetlands.
Flood stage is the level at which the stream is out of banks.
Flood stage is the river level at which flooding begins.
Flood stage is three metres but the city is protected by a system of dikes and pumps.
Flood stage is usually higher than or equal to bankful stage.
Flood stage is usually higher than or equal to bankfull stage.
Flood tide is the incoming or rising water, and ebb tide is the reverse.
Flood tide is tide
Flood victims deal with damage.
Flood warning is one way of reducing the damaging impact of the flood.
Flood warnings are also in effect for the Pearl River.
Flood warnings are in effect and officials are still assessing the damage.
Flood warnings are in effect for all coastal counties in Louisiana.
Flood warnings are in effect for numerous rivers, though most flooding is minor to moderate only.
Flood warnings are in effect for parts of eastern Oklahoma and western Missouri.
Flood warnings continue at a few locations in Missouri.
Flood warnings continue in effect from near Brownsville, Nebraska.
Flood warnings received are now accurate and timely.
Flood warnings remain in effect for the Houston area.
Flood warnings remain on many rivers.
Flood watches are also in effect for most of the coast and mountains.
Flood watches are also in effect through for northern New York.
Flood watches are in effect for all other rivers and streams in the state.
Flood watches are in effect for western New York and northeastern Pennsylvania.
Flood watches continue in parts of Oregon and Washington state.
Flood watches remain in effect.
Flood water comes from rain.
A flood is a natural phenomenon
Flood actually has a fairly large crater.
Flood also maintains the water quality through cycling.
Flood burn with cool water and cover with clean dressing.
Flood causes animal as well as floral morality in the national park.
Flood devastates the county.
Flood devastates town of Washington.
Flood examines the reasons why some structural approaches have had more impact than others.
Flood fill and apply the Inner bevel again.
Flood fill each selected letter with the woodgrain pattern.
Flood fill inside the selection.
Flood fill it with a color also.
Flood fill it with a different color.
Flood fill it with a flesh toned color.
Flood fill it with the desired texture.
Flood fill it with white and add noise to it with the same settings as before.
Flood fill it with white for the time being.
Flood fill it with white or any other colour.
Flood fill it with white.
Flood fill new layer with the light wood pattern.
Flood fill new layer with white.
Flood fill selection with white.
Flood fill selection with woodgrain pattern.
Flood fill the backfill layer.
Flood fill the border with the gold-glitter tile.
Flood fill the border with the same colour as the first border.
Flood fill the bottom layer with black.
Flood fill the bottom layer.
Flood fill the cut-out layer with the background colour.
Flood fill the first layer with black.
Flood fill the graphic with white.
Flood fill the interior of the map before rendering it.
Flood fill the layer with the gradient.
Flood fill the new background layer with white just to make sure it is clean.
Flood fill the new layer with black.
Flood fill the new layer with the darker blue.
Flood Fill the new selection with white.
Flood fill the right side of the image.
Flood fill the same as for the floor layer.
Flood fill the same way as before.
Flood fill the selected area black.
Flood fill the selected area with the foreground color.
Flood fill the selected area.
Flood fill the selected button area with the texture.
Flood fill the selection using the wood graphic as a pattern.
Flood fill the selection with a bright red color.
Flood fill the selection with a color or texture.
Flood fill the selection with a color.
Flood fill the selection with black, then deselect.
Flood fill the selection with black.
Flood fill the selection with the dark gray color.
Flood fill the selection with white.
Flood fill the selection.
Flood fill the selections with the desired color.
Flood fill the shape with a sunburst gradient fill.
Flood fill the solid areas with white.
Flood fill the stripes with black.
Flood fill the white background strip with the selected pattern.
Flood fill with a color or texture.
Flood fill with a color then play with the opacity slider.
Flood fill with a color.
Flood fill with a dark color and add a layer.
Flood fill with a darker wood pattern or the same one.
Flood fill with a gold color.
Flood fill with a nice, bright red color.
Flood fill with a pattern.
Flood fill with a sunburst gradient using a tan and yellow color combo.
Flood fill with a texture or a color.
Flood fill with any color.
Flood fill with gray.
Flood fill with medium color.
Flood fill with red.
Flood fill with yellow.
Flood is a former Wood River resident.
Flood is also disappointed with the town council.
Flood is available for additional premium.
Flood is committed to writing powerful, emotionally driven songs with a social conscience.
Flood is covered under the comprehensive section of standard automobile insurance.
Flood is excluded under a typical homeowner insurance policy.
Flood is superior wood care.
Flood is the love-interest in the story.
Flood is the second most common disaster.
Flood Legends a .
Flood looks to the river, too.
Flood pinging a computer is extremely rude.
Flood pings a domain or ip address.
Flood producing amounts are rare.
Flood proofing a structure is more complicated and more costly.
Flood recommends spot cleaning mold and mildew with bleach and water, followed by thorough rinsing.
Flood says Canada is still a one-tiered system when providing physician and hospital care.
Flood smokes sympathetically.
Flood states that the word symphony actually referred to pipe music in the Middle Ages.
Flood Stay away from flood waters.
Flood watches and flood warnings continue intermittently.
Flood Watches still in effect for the upper Mississippi River Valley.
Floods affect more regions and more people than any other phenomenon.
Floods affect seagrasses um, in different ways.
Floods also contaminate drinking water supplies and back up sewer systems.
Floods also destroy sanitary facilities.
Floods also have a downside.
Floods also kill muskrats, and fluctuating water levels increase the risk of death.
Floods also occur when sudden rises in temperature during the spring quickly melt ice and snow.
Floods also present a potential risk as they can bring water into buildings and over roads.
Floods also recharge ground water supplies.
Floods also take a major toll on the country.
Floods are a common natural hazard.
Floods are a common occurrence in North Carolina.
Floods are a danger.
Floods are a dangerous hazard throughout the world.
Floods are a fairly common, yet dangerous, natural disaster.
Floods are a major threat to life and property.
Floods are a natural process which occur wherever there is a waterbody.
Floods are a serious threat to food security in China.
Floods are a very important part of the natural processes which shape river channels.
Floods are already very costly and a growing concern.
Floods are also common in the region.
Floods are also the most costly of all natural disasters in the United States.
Floods are always a danger in Oregon.
Floods are always the unpredictable X factor.
Floods are among the biggest weather-related killers.
Floods are among the most devastating of natural disasters.
Floods are an annual feature in diaras .
Floods are an annual feature in the region, destroying acres of cropland and villages.
Floods are an annual menace to agriculture and settlements in the valley.
Floods are another environmental problem that affects population as well as large productive areas.
Floods are bad for farmers and town businesses.
Floods are batchs.
Floods are both a hazard and an asset.
Floods are caused by a large amount of rain coming down to fast to be absorbed or moved downstream.
Floods are common , but none have actually caused any damage.
Floods are common and costly natural disasters.
Floods are common in West Virginia because of heavy rains and narrow stream valleys.
Floods are dangerous places to play.
Floods are dangerous, and the protection of the mountain slopes is required on their account.
Floods are deadly, floods are devastating.
Floods are deceptive.
Floods are devastating.
Floods are filling.
Floods are flow.
Floods are frequent, and occasionally large.
Floods are generally violent and can cause serious damage to agricultural land or inhabited areas.
Floods are great around town.
Floods are highly episodic and much of the area inundated is often tree-covered.
Floods are increasingly possible in some regions.
Floods are irregular because of our climate.
Floods are larger than in the past.
Floods are light.
Floods are likely in low-lying areas from storms, spring thaw, and various other causes.
Floods are more likely because the frequency of intense rainfall is predicted to increase.
Floods are more likely in some regions.
Floods are natural and recurring events.
Floods are natural disasters.
Floods are natural phenomena.
Floods are nothing to scoff at, however.
Floods are one of the most common hazards in the United States.
Floods are one of the most destructive of natural disasters.
Floods are over, and there is no more fear of thunderstorms.
Floods are part of the dynamic nature of healthy rivers.
Floods are perhaps hardest on memories.
Floods are perhaps the most serious risk to aquatic life.
Floods are primarily due to heavy rainfalls persisting over a period of time.
Floods are primarily natural events.
Floods are scary things.
Floods are sometimes helpful by making the land very fertile.
Floods are sudden and deadly.
Floods are the most common and costly hazard to affect New England.
Floods are the most common and widespread of all weather-related natural disasters.
Floods are the most common disaster in the world.
Floods are the most common form of natural disaster.
Floods are the most common natural disaster.
Floods are the most common type of natural disaster.
Floods are the most frequent and earthquakes are the most devastating.
Floods are the most frequent disaster.
Floods are the most frequent type of disaster.
Floods are the number one natural disaster.
Floods are the number one weather killer in our country.
Floods are the principal hazards in the lower valleys and plains.
Floods are the scariest of all since Vietnam is a low, flatland country.
Floods are totally cool.
Floods are tough.
Floods are usually harmful to people and homes.
Floods are video games.
Floods besiege the Midwest.
Floods bring death but they also sustain life.
Floods bring more than just fog.
Floods Buy flood insurance.
Floods can also cause detrimental effects on the ocean.
Floods can also come from the sea.
Floods can also occur when a dam breaks.
Floods can also occur when there is little or no rain.
Floods can also throw a spanner in the works as they also move a lot of food.
Floods can also traumatise victims and their families for long periods of time.
Floods can also wipe out an entire crop in a matter of seconds.
Floods can also wreak havoc on cellular networks.
Floods can be both beneficial to societies or cause damage.
Floods can be devastating.
Floods can be good for the flood plain, but they also can be damaging.
Floods can be instantaneous and deadly, so it is a good idea to be prepared.
Floods can be slow, or fast rising but generally develop over a period of days.
Floods can be such devastating disasters that anyone can be affected at almost anytime.
Floods can be very deceptive.
Floods can be very slow or fast rising, but generally develop over a period of days.
Floods can bruise, break, knockout, and even kill humans with ease.
Floods can cause a horrifying amount of damage.
Floods can cause brief periods of heavy erosion.
Floods can cause extreme destruction to cropland and river environments.
Floods can cause massive damage when they happen unexpectedly.
Floods can cause millions of dollars in damage.
Floods can change the course of a river in a few days.
Floods can cut power and knock out gas station's ability to pump gas.
Floods can cut transport links to the town and cut it off from the outside world .
Floods can cut transport links to the town and cut it off from the outside world.
Floods can deposite rich, fertile alluvium on agricultural areas.
Floods can destroy drainage systems in cities.
Floods can destroy property and kill people.
Floods can develo p over a period of days or, in the case of flash floods, very rapidly.
Floods can happen anytime, anywhere.
Floods can happen anywhere and at any time.
Floods can happen even in drought and low snowpack years.
Floods can have catastrophic consequences, wreaking uncontrollable havoc.
Floods can have effects on people, economy and environment.
Floods can inundate such development at high financial cost and often with loss of life.
Floods can occur any time of the year.
Floods can occur anywhere, but some places are more at risk than others.
Floods can occur anywhere.
Floods can occur due to broken water mains, runoff from heavy rains as well as storm surges.
Floods can occur in a variety of ways and fall under different categories.
Floods can occur in different ways.
Floods can occur in low-lying areas due to rising rivers, creeks, gullies and culverts.
Floods can occur in the cold, dormant winter period or at the height of hot summer weather.
Floods can occur without any visible rainfall.
Floods can occur without warning.
Floods can pry out slabs along joints.
Floods can put pilot lights out that can lead to leaking.
Floods can put pilot lights out which can lead to leaking.
Floods can strike anywhere and anytime.
Floods can take several hours or days to develop, so stay tuned to the local news.
Floods can take several hours to days to develop.
Floods carry Idaho's mining waste into Washington, polluting waters and beaches.
Floods cause a desire to climbs.
Floods cause disasters, but they can also be beneficial.
Floods cause disasters.
Floods cause more damage nationwide than any other natural disaster.
Floods cause more personal and property loss than all types of natural hazards combined.
Floods cause much property damage.
Floods cause rivers to overflow their banks, and some animals to retreat to higher ground.
Floods cause the most weather related deaths in the United States.
Floods cause vast amounts of destruction and financial burden in the United States each year.
Floods caused by broken pipes can occur without warning in any building.
Floods caused by heavy rain are the most common type of river flood in Iowa.
Floods caused by monsoon rains are an annual occurrence in the Middle Kingdom, of course.
Floods claim four lives as they sweep through parts of the Northeast.
Floods come early in the year and drought follows in the summer.
Floods come in all shapes and sizes.
Floods constitute one of the most destructive natural hazards facing Montana.
Floods cover simple practical lighting solutions to cutting edge lighting technology.
Floods create muddy surfaces which makes transportation difficult for children that attend school.
Floods create problems throughout Brazil but cause particular devastation in the major cities.
Floods delay traffic and interfere with the economic use of the land.
Floods deposit huge amounts of silt into down stream reservoirs and river valleys.
Floods deposit new sediment each year.
Floods destroy drainage systems in cities, causing raw sewage to spill out into bodies of water.
Floods destroy the household resources, undermining the economic well-being of rural women.
Floods destroy the mills along the river.
Floods devastate summer crops, destroy homes, and drown people and livestock.
Floods develop over a period of days.
Floods do much of the work of shaping river channels and valleys through erosion and deposition.
Floods do occur occasionally, especially along the river basin areas.
Floods form a part of nature's fury that has imperiled man through the ages.
Floods generally rise and fall slowly, although flash floods occasionally occur in the basin.
Floods happen all over the country.
Floods happen anytime, anywhere.
Floods happen more frequently than any other natural hazard.
Floods happen when water flow is greater than carrying capacity.
Floods happen, and they happen beside rivers, on the coast, in deserts and on city streets.
Floods have amazing force.
Floods have immense power.
Floods have rendering millions of people homeless or without adequate shelter.
Floods help flush water systems and carry nutrients to nearby areas like floodplains.
Floods help spread organic material, nutrients, and sediments which enrich floodplain soils.
Floods hurt people, and destroy homes, businesses and crops.
Floods impact more than buildings.
Floods incur millions of dollars in financial losses each year.
Floods inundate some parts of the world, while others are parched.
Floods inundate the forest nearly every year, transforming the land.
Floods inundate the West Bottoms.
Floods kill people and destroy homes in many parts of the United States every year.
Floods lead to upsurges of cholera, malaria and Rift Valley fever.
Floods lift up their waves, the mighty waves of the sea, the noise of many waters.
Floods move, and can spread for miles.
Floods occur almost anywhere.
Floods occur around coastal regions.
Floods occur both from spring snowmelt runoff and large summer rainstorms.
Floods occur easily.
Floods occur in every state and territory.
Floods occur in Ohio nearly every year.
Floods occur mostly in the spring from snowmelt runoff.
Floods occur when streams overflow their banks.
Floods occur when water covers land which is normally dry.
Floods only produce clastic deposits like mud.
Floods periodically change the way the trails look.
Floods periodically scour the canyon and debris fills the reservoir behind the dam lower down.
Floods provide both benefits and problems.
Floods ravage southern Mexico.
Floods result from an overabundance of rainfall, droughts from a lack of rainfall.
Floods result when circulating water escapes from hoses that burst or have connections that fail.
Floods rip through fields.
Floods rob people of memories and leave terrible new memories in their place.
Floods sever main lines in Illinois, Missouri and Kansas, disrupting operations.
Floods shape the southern part of the state.
Floods Stay away from power lines and electrical wires.
Floods sweep it regularly and there's no underbrush, but the big trees remain.
Floods swirlingly roar destroy indifferently, but our taps run dry.
Floods systematically replenish and reshape land, vegetation, fish, and wildlife.
Floods tear down riverbanks and carry sediment downstream to form new gravel bars.
Floods tend to affect a large number of people in the same area.
Floods tend to further degrade already degraded systems.
Floods terrorize the northern Mississippi River.
Floods threaten to destroy crops, which are finally growing again following last year's disaster.
Floods typically get the most headlines when waters are about to crest.
Floods wash away irreplaceable furnishings and artwork.
Floods wash away roads.
Floods wash out exotics, but natives persist.
Floods wash over East Africa, rooting people from their homes.
Floods often affect the operation of fire pumps, as well.
Floods often destroy many rabbits, both in the spring and in the fall.
Floods often extend beyond the official flood zone boundaries.
Floods usually result from events such as a large amount of precipitation or the failure of a dam.
Floods usually take several days or so to develop.
All floods leave sediments covering what they flooded.
Most flood related deaths occur in motor vehicles.
Most floods are harmful.
Most floods occur during spring and early summer.
Most floods take hours or even days to develop, giving residents ample time to prepare or evacuate.
Some flood causes kill animals.
Some floods develop slowly, but flash floods can happen in just minutes.
Some floods develop slowly, sometimes over a period of days.
Some floods occur seasonally when winter snows melt and combine with spring rains.
Some floods occur when the water of a lake moves suddenly from side to side in rhythm.
Some floods result from more run-off water than can be contained in the channel of a river bed.
Flooding accounts for almost one quarter of the weather-related deaths.
Flooding allows water to saturate the floodplain and raise the water table.
Flooding also continues in the South Flooding continues from Texas east to Florida and Georgia.
Flooding also decreases fertilizer efficiency, and interferes with pest and disease control.
Flooding also replenishes underground water sources for the forests.
Flooding are natural hazards.
Flooding becomes a problem with development because paved land allows water to run off more quickly.
Flooding becomes less destructive and more beneficial.
Flooding becomes more likely.
Flooding becomes more prevalent as the area of impervious surfaces increase.
Flooding brings Houston, Texas to a standstill, blamed for one death so far.
Flooding brings with it the risk of waterborne bacterial contaminations.
Flooding can affect areas hundreds of miles from the coast.
Flooding can affect the physiochemistry of wetlands in various ways.
Flooding can also cause silting.
Flooding can also initiate many adventitious roots on the submerged stem area and large roots.
Flooding can also lead to the penalties mentioned above.
Flooding can also occur in low areas and in areas where storm drains are blocked.
Flooding can also occur in the fall, from hurricanes and tropical storms.
Flooding can also occur when a dam breaks, producing effects similar to flash floods.
Flooding can also transport nonnative aquatic and marsh species to new regions.
Flooding can and does occur in Boulder and in the area east of Boulder.
Flooding can be a major problem in areas with higher rainfall.
Flooding can be a problem.
Flooding can be a real problem due to level topography.
Flooding can be brief, or last for an extended period of time.
Flooding can be dangerous.
Flooding can be devastating to wastewater treatment systems, especially small systems.
Flooding can be extremely dangerous.
Flooding can be the result.
Flooding can begin before a hurricane nears land.
Flooding can begin well before a hurricane nears land.
Flooding can caught vast surrounding areas to be inundated.
Flooding can cause anaerobic conditions.
Flooding can cause extensive property damage and be a major inconvenience.
Flooding can cause greater white-fronted goose nest failure.
Flooding can cause road delays and cut off bridges.
Flooding can come from ice dams on the roof or in the gutters.
Flooding can contaminate food with silt, raw sewage, oil or chemical waste.
Flooding can contaminate local water supplies and lead to local increases in diarrheal diseases.
Flooding can contaminate low-lying areas.
Flooding can contaminate water supplies.
Flooding can damage plants in many ways.
Flooding can flush the pool or allow fish invasion.
Flooding can happen anywhere, and usually happens repeatedly.
Flooding can happen very quickly and violently.
Flooding can happen without warning both before and after a hurricane.
Flooding can inundate roadways and damage or undermine bridges.
Flooding can modify soil characteristics in many ways.
Flooding can occur almost anywhere, but it occurs least often in desert areas.
Flooding can occur because water-drainage patterns are changed.
Flooding can occur in apartments and cause damage to furniture and personal belongings.
Flooding can occur in most areas of the country.
Flooding can occur just about anywhere.
Flooding can occur suddenly at any time of day, during any month of the year.
Flooding can occur when a house is slightly damaged and the water line is cut.
Flooding can result in such intense resistance that physical harm can occur to the birds and people.
Flooding can result when heavy snowfalls melt or ice jams block waterways.
Flooding can sometimes produce long-lasting phobias much worse than they began.
Flooding can strike anyone at anytime.
Flooding can wash vegetation and soil along waterways.
Flooding can wipe out an entire crop.
Flooding can, of course, cause catastrophic intrusion.
Flooding carries an abnormally large threat of the spread of disease.
Flooding caused by beaver dams can seriously damage peatlands.
Flooding caused by convective storms tends to localized unless the storms fail to move quickly.
Flooding caused by the torrential rains can occur in both coastal and inland areas.
Flooding causes everyone elses post to drop to the second page of a forum.
Flooding causes major damage to lower floors of all structures near the shoreline.
Flooding causes much of the hurricane damage.
Flooding causes turbidity and siltation as it scours river banks and bottoms.
Flooding changes the ecology of the soil, causing anaerobic organisms to replace aerobic organisms.
Flooding changes the physical, chemical and microbiological properties of a soil.
Flooding continues along several points of the river, particularly in Missouri.
Flooding continues along the river from Brownsville, Nebraska to central and eastern Missouri.
Flooding continues along the River southward through Essex.
Flooding continues along the White River in several areas.
Flooding continues at several locations along the lower Ohio River.
Flooding continues for central and southwest Montana as river to slowly fall.
Flooding continues from North Carolina down to Florida.
Flooding continues in both states.
Flooding continues in Canadian west.
Flooding continues in the Deep South with a few rivers in Alabama and Mississippi above flood stage.
Flooding continues in Upper Midwest as Mississippi crests for second time.
Flooding continues throughout large sections of Southeast Asia.
Flooding continues to be a big concern across the state, despite the recent sunny weather.
Flooding continues to hamper restoration of power and communications systems.
Flooding creates additional breeding sites.
Flooding creates anaerobic conditions and increases the accumulation of organic matter.
Flooding creates high mortality.
Flooding destroys life, property and causes loss of money.
Flooding does occur once in awhile.
Flooding extends from Texas northward into Iowa and then east to the Atlantic Coast.
Flooding generally occurs during spring runoff or during periods of high rainfall in the fall.
Flooding generates many packets and consumes too much bandwidth.
Flooding has the potential to cause common mode failure of equipment in multiple areas.
Flooding initiates many growth regulator problems.
Flooding is a big concern along the coast of New Jersey.
Flooding is a common cause of nest failure.
Flooding Is a common occurrence with hurricanes.
Flooding is a common threat in both North Carolina and Southern Poland.
Flooding is a continuing problem.
Flooding is a critical factor in the disease cycle.
Flooding is a fact of life in Bangladesh.
Flooding is a fact of life in New York.
Flooding is a large amount of text displayed in a short time.
Flooding is a major natural hazard that can result from human activities, as in dam failure.
Flooding is a major problem aggravated by the flat slope of the Red River of the North.
Flooding is a major problem on Seneca Lake.
Flooding is a natural part of a river's cycle.
Flooding is a natural phenomenon there.
Flooding is a natural phenomenon.
Flooding is a natural process.
Flooding is a nuisance unless it is prolonged.
Flooding is a panic word.
Flooding is a perennial problem.
Flooding is a problem in every state and poses omnipresent risk to collateral.
Flooding is a regional issue.
Flooding is a significant severe weather hazard in Illinois.
Flooding is a stress that crop plants frequently encounter and results in huge economic losses.
Flooding is a year-round occurrence.
Flooding is absent from beaches, and females are correspondingly smaller.
Flooding is almost always a natural occurrence.
Flooding is also a consequence of other disasters.
Flooding is also a distribution problem in that some areas receive more water than they can handle.
Flooding is also a regular seasonal phenomenon in Northern Australia.
Flooding is also an issue.
Flooding is an ever-present threat in our state.
Flooding is an important natural process which contributes to building and shaping the landscape.
Flooding is an overflowing of water onto land that is normally dry.
Flooding is another problem.
Flooding is as natural as a barking dog.
Flooding is avoided by quickly raising the upstream gate when the jump gets too close.
Flooding is best technique.
Flooding is brought about by intense precipitation.
Flooding is but one of the many injurious factors trees face over the course of their lives.
Flooding is by far the most prevalent, occurring to some degree in every State in the nation.
Flooding is caused by a number of factors.
Flooding is caused in a variety of ways.
Flooding is common except where the soil is protected.
Flooding is common in both spring and autumn.
Flooding is common in early spring and can cause major problems due to level topography.
Flooding is common in many colonias, making the existence of privies an additional health problem.
Flooding is common.
Flooding is commonplace in the wake of a storm, threatening human life and property.
Flooding is critical to riparian ecosystem functioning and native cottonwood establishment.
Flooding is especially widespread in Indiana.
Flooding is excess water.
Flooding is experienced in every region of the earth where there are rivers.
Flooding is for brief periods late in winter and early in spring.
Flooding is forbbiden.
Flooding is frequent .
Flooding is frequent in some areas.
Flooding is frequent.
Flooding is generally minor and levels are receding.
Flooding is grounds for a kick.
Flooding is important.
Flooding is India's major natural hazard.
Flooding is inevitable.
Flooding is instigated when a router detects a topology change.
Flooding is just one example of the changes our planet is going through.
Flooding is less likely than vibration and magnetic fields but it does happen and can be disastrous.
Flooding is less severe in watersheds where the wetlands have been preserved.
Flooding is likely to create greater risk of contagious water-borne diseases, malaria and diarrhoea.
Flooding is mainly due to clogged drains and a poorly maintained drainage system.
Flooding is more apt to occur in areas with poor surface drainage systems or ice dams.
Flooding is most frequent during the evening hours.
Flooding is most likely in early spring and during summer thunderstorms.
Flooding is most severe in the Zambezi river basin.
Flooding is much less frequent in the lower watershed, where streams are more deeply incised.
Flooding is no problem in the eastern part of the province and both metal and salt are produced.
Flooding is none or rare.
Flooding is none to common.
Flooding is none, rare, or occasional.
Flooding is occasional for very brief periods, mainly during coastal storm events.
Flooding is occasional, shallow and very brief.
Flooding is occasional.
Flooding is often a sign of a channel takeover attempt.
Flooding is often seasonal, although some remain flooded for the entire year.
Flooding is Ohio's most prevalent and costly natural disaster.
Flooding is on the increase.
Flooding is one of the factors in considering a new building.
Flooding is one of the most dangerous consequences of a hurricane.
Flooding is one of the results of erosion.
Flooding is one symptom of global warming.
Flooding is one way to putting water in the bank, figuratively and literally.
Flooding is part of life along the middle reaches of the Yangtze River.
Flooding is particularly dangerous because it often leads to landslides or mudslides.
Flooding is possible .
Flooding is possible for the watch area.
Flooding is possible.
Flooding is practically impossible.
Flooding is probably the most common natural disaster.
Flooding is probably the most important naturally-occurring disturbance in the area.
Flooding is problematic because it causes erosion problems.
Flooding is ranked number one in weather related deaths.
Flooding is rare on the high floodplains.
Flooding is rare or common and for brief durations.
Flooding is rare or occasional.
Flooding is rare, because the streams are short and the soils and bedrock are permeable.
Flooding is rare, very brief duration.
Flooding is rare.
Flooding is reduced and cleaner streams prevail for fish, wildlife and recreation.
Flooding is repetitive.
Flooding is sometimes a problem.
Flooding is still a danger, especially in the spring.
Flooding is still a very real danger.
Flooding is the America's most frequent and destructive natural disaster.
Flooding is the final Internet problem.
Flooding is the largest natural disaster threat to Ohio.
Flooding is the leading cause of death associated with severe weather.
Flooding is the leading cause of weather related deaths nationwide.
Flooding is the leading cause of weather-related death in the United States.
Flooding is the leading cause of weather-related death nationwide.
Flooding is the major natural disturbance event today.
Flooding is the most common natural disaster.
Flooding is the most common of all natural hazards.
Flooding is the most frequent cause of death during a hurricane.
Flooding is the most significant threat to the citizens of the county.
Flooding is the number one weather killer in the United States.
Flooding is the number ONE weather related killer.
Flooding is the only thing that one really needs to watch out for.
Flooding is the primary natural hazard that threatens the County.
Flooding is the result of snow melt.
Flooding is the right word.
Flooding is tough on the Phoenix desert.
Flooding is unheard of.
Flooding is unlikely.
Flooding is used to send each switch s routing table to every network switch.
Flooding is very severe, landslides are still occurring and flood waters are rising.
Flooding is visible at various points along the swath of fertile river bottomland.
Flooding is what they are for.
Flooding is worse if high tides occur at the same time.
Flooding is worse in areas where a forest has been cut down.
Flooding kills the vine.
Flooding leads to a deprivation of oxygen in plants.
Flooding leaves trash including broken glass, nails, and mud.
Flooding means erosion High, muddy water means real estate is moving from one area to another.
Flooding means mud - and plenty of it.
Flooding means repeating the same message to a person or the channel over and over again .
Flooding occurs along several major Northern California rivers.
Flooding occurs for very brief to brief periods.
Flooding occurs from excessive rainfall.
Flooding occurs in both natural and developed watersheds.
Flooding occurs in both winter and summer.
Flooding occurs in every state in the U.S. and in every region of Canada.
Flooding occurs in low-lying areas of South Carolina such as river basins and coastal areas.
Flooding occurs in the later stages of plant growth and can last for several months.
Flooding occurs mostly in winter, and most of the soils dry out early enough for spring planting.
Flooding occurs primarily in the winter and spring.
Flooding occurs very rapidly.
Flooding occurs virtually every summer in China.
Flooding occurs when a watercourse is unable to convey the quantity of runoff flowing downstream.
Flooding occurs when the volume of water exceeds the capacity of the channel.
Flooding occurs when water falling from the sky has nowhere to go.
Flooding poses a risk to the safety and property of every one of Maryland's communities.
Flooding produced by hurricanes and tropical storms can reach hundreds of miles inland.
Flooding protects the vines from frosts and freezing weather and destroys insect pests.
Flooding reduces gas exchanges and growth in snap bean.
Flooding remains a possibility the next few weeks.
Flooding seems essential to the plant's survival because the scouring eliminates competition.
Flooding seems to play an important role in reseeding burnt areas with trees.
Flooding slows down the chat room and becomes annoying to both staff and chatters.
Flooding still continues along the Mississippi River.
Flooding still remains a problem.
Flooding takes place very easily in the desert.
Flooding tends to occur after the spring harvest.
Flooding tops the list, followed by record annual and monthly rainfall totals.
Flooding trends Long-term trends in temperature and sea level are apparent.
Flooding washes away smaller coastal structures.
Floodings caused by choked drains and culverts fall under the responsibility of the local authority.
Flooding often accompanies hurricanes.
Flooding often happens in the evening making it difficult to recognize the flood dangers.
Flooding often occurs during the winter months.
Flooding often results from the heavy rain that accompanies hurricanes, compounding the damage.
Flooding sometimes occurs during the annual spring thaw.
Flooding usually causes more fatalities each year than tornadoes.
Flooding usually occurs after spring rains, heavy storms, or thawing.
Flooding usually occurs every spring.
Any flooding is likely to lead to mould.
Most flooding is minor.
Most flooding occurs along the Mississippi River from the floodwaters of the North.
Some flooding is possible in Louisiana and Texas.
A floodlight is light
Floodlights aimed at high angles to the vertical are the worst offenders.
Floodlights allow areas to come alive at night.
Floodlights are light.
Floodlights can be either single or double, although double is strongly recommended.
Floodlights coupled with the camera illuminate the scene.
Floodlights deter burglars.
Floodlights enable evening play.
Floodlights further illuminate the four color murals along the ceiling perimeter.
Floodlights indicate an active area, meaning a showing is likely in-progress.
Floodlights occupy the third tower, and the last tower is a pregame broadcast location.
Floodplain swamps are examples.
Floodplain swamps are large sponges, with often- great surface area.
A floodplain is a field
Floodplain grasslands with loping red lechwe antelope and grazing blue wildebeest.
Floodplain isa plain.
Floodplain wetlands store water when rivers over-top their banks, reducing flood risk downstream.
Floodplains also provide habitat for wildlife, recreational opportunities, and aesthetic benefits.
Floodplains are a low plain at the edge of a big dropoff.
Floodplains are a particularly rich zone for biodiversity and agricultural soils.
Floodplains are almost always next to or on a river or creeck.
Floodplains are also the commercial, social and environmental arteries of the state.
Floodplains are any areas of land susceptible to inundation by floodwaters from any source.
Floodplains are areas of flat land bordering a watercourse.
Floodplains are covered by silt and clay.
Floodplains are important habitats for many types of fish.
Floodplains are important to slow the overbank storms and prevent flooding downstream.
Floodplains are nature's storage area for flood waters.
Floodplains are often fertile because of the sediment deposited there by previous floods.
Floodplains are often only superficially alluvial.
Floodplains are only part of flood-management considerations.
Floodplains are plains.
Floodplains are the flat areas of land covered by materials deposited by the river when it floods.
Floodplains are unique.
Floodplains can also contain sediments deposited from the lateral migration of the river channel.
Floodplains can support particularly rich ecosystems, both in quantity and diversity.
Floodplains contain such features as levees, backswamps, delta plains, and oxbow lakes.
Floodplains generally contain unconsolidated sediments, often extending below the bed of the stream.
Floodplains have functions essential to maintaining high-quality salmon habitat.
Floodplains have meanders and many swampy sloughs where river channels have shifted their courses.
Floodplains provide habitat for plants and animals.
Floodplains provide habitats for many plants and animals .
Floodplains provide habitats for many plants and animals.
Floodplains provide important recreational sites.
Floodplains receive the high river flows that can no longer be contained by the channel.
Floodplains serve as temporary storage areas for water, thus preventing flooding in populated areas.
Floodplains typically have multiple terraces that increase in elevation away from the river channel.
Floodplains typically support important riparian ecosystems and a variety of associated wildlife.
Floodplains usually host parkland or ragged wildland and feature good camp spots.
Floor area includes both living area and garage area.
Floor area includes the total of all space on all floors of the building.
All floor areas are net internal and exclude common parts where appropriate.
A floor board is a board
Floor boards squeak as homeowners walk across the floor.
Some floor boards creak.
Floor brokers are under no obligation to reduce their commission rates.
Floor brokers do vary in terms of speed, accuracy and quality of the price fills to the customer.
Floor brokers handle trades for their personal clients or brokerage firms.
Most floor brokers work for larger firms to process customer orders.
Floor cloths are a practical way to introduce decorative painting into the modern home.
Floor cloths are the original carpet.
Floor drains are a good starting place.
Floor drains are clean and are regularly flushed with water to prevent sewer gas from entering.
Floor drains are good.
Floor heating is a fairly low-cost substitute for dry bedding for the pigs.
Floor heating is also good.
Floor heating is as close to the ideal comfort system as possible.
Floor heating requires more planning by the builder than other heating systems.
Floor hockey is a popular winter activity for men and women.
Floor hockey is a sport that is fun for all ages.
Floor hockey is adapted from the games of ice hockey and ringette.
Floor hockey is like ice hockey, but without the ice, skates, winged sticks and hard pucks.
Floor hockey is played in tennis shoes, with waist-high straight sticks like broomsticks.
Floor hockey is the most popular sport at the games.
Floor hockey is the next level to skating on ice.
Floor hockey runs through the winter months followed by track in the spring.
A floor lamp is a lamp
Floor lamp uses compact fluorescent lamps compared to high heat and wattage halogen lamps.
Floor lamps are also unpopular as they take up space.
Floor lamps are electric lamps.
Floor lamps are lamps.
Floor lamps are necessary in many apartments due to insufficient overhead lighting.
Floor lamps can bring needed light to any corner of the room.
Floor leaders act as the party chief spokesmen.
Floor managers are members of the chat volunteer community.
Floor managers ensure that the needs of their assigned chat floors are met.
Floor mats are another simple option.
Floor mats are automotive products.
Floor mats are located in cars.
Floor mats are located in gyms.
Floor mats can also provide a little extra support.
Floor mats come in many varieties.
Floor mats mark the private work space, and teach respect for concentration.
Floor mats provide a resilient, comfortable surface.
Floor model fits under stall divider.
A floor plan is a plan
Floor plan contains eight hideaways inside the house.
Floor plan Develop a workable floor plan for a bakery.
Floor plan has a bedroom at each end of the home.
Floor plan includes eight hideaways inside the house.
Floor plan is a mandala.
Floor plan is subject to change without notice.
Floor plan is subject to change.
Floor plan is very spacious.
Floor plan places one bedroom and one bathroom on each side of sitting room for complete privacy.
Floor plan provides for several private offices.
Floor plan shows a wide mix of rooms and public spaces.
Floor plans are a specialized kind of map, a commonly understood device which describes a building.
Floor plans are also available on some pictures.
Floor plans are available for most campus buildings, either on diskette or in hard copy.
Floor plans are available for some buildings.
Floor plans are available for the apartments.
Floor plans are available in the Temple office.
Floor plans are available online.
Floor plans are available to be seen in the house.
Floor plans are available via fax by request.
Floor plans are available.
Floor plans are deceptive because they show only two dimensions.
Floor plans are flexible for short term needs and ongoing expansions.
Floor plans are horizontal sections of a single floor.
Floor plans are important to shop owners, show promoters, mall managers, and museum directors.
Floor plans are maps.
Floor plans are most helpful.
Floor plans are open and furniture is functional.
Floor plans are plans.
Floor plans are similar throughout the village, and many homes have the capacity for expansion.
Floor plans are subject to any necessary modification without notice.
Floor plans are the best way to see the relationships of disparate evidence.
Floor plans consist of four to nine person suites with a bathroom in each suite.
Floor plans define the size, structure and the layout of a space.
Floor plans feature optional screening room and exercise room.
Floor plans feature spacious living areas, private bedrooms, and full-service kitchens.
Floor plans have a variety of uses.
Floor plans indicate where materials are shelved.
Floor plans link to imported tenant information to show expirations, renewals, and retail sales.
Floor plans offer a wide range of options from basic designs to elaborate.
Floor plans offer helpful clues to help residents remember where they are at all times.
Floor plans offer the flexibility to include administration offices and kitchen facilities.
Floor plans remain relatively standard for long stretches of time.
Floor plans show all the rooms in correct size and shape.
Floor plans start at two bedrooms with loft and range all the way to four bedrooms with loft.
Floor plans vary depending on location.
Floor plans vary offering something for every taste.
Floor plans vary with the type of assignment and location of apartment.
Floor plans work.
All floor plans are available for viewing in dwf format.
All floor plans are subject to change based on the production needs of individual events.
All floor plans shown are suggestions only.
Every floor plan offers more drawers and storage perfectly synchronized, time after time.
Most floor plans have four or five bedrooms, four bathrooms and three-car garages.
Most floor plans offer spacious rooms and lots.
Some floor plans vary so call for specific details.
Floor planning is the first step, store planning comes later.
Floor plates ideal for either large or small tenants.
Floor polishers look like upright vacuum cleaners.
Floor safes are the best.
Floor slabs continue to be placed, and brick and block work are in progress.
Floor space is allocated very evenly, and every automaker has a fair shot at stealing the show.
Floor space is also available for cabinets.
Floor space is as important as height.
Floor space is available for the study of hydraulic structures and river models.
Floor space is available to store larger items as well.
Floor space is doubled and energy efficient lighting is installed.
Floor space is minimal, effectively confining inmates to their beds.
Floor space is more important than height.
Floor space is probably even more crucial for older, larger sows.
Floor space is saved.
Floor space is tight, but fine for two fishermen and reasonable for three.
All floor spaces have electrical outlets.
More floor space is recovered as the afternoon progresses.
All floor squeegees use tapered handles.
Some floor sweepers use brooms.
Some floor sweepers use mechanical brooms.
Floor tile is down, cabinets are in, doors and trim are on and even fire extinguishers are in place.
Floor tile is strong enough to withstand a car driving over it.
Floor tiles are tiles.
Floor tiles come loose.
Floor toms suck.
Floor trader has discretion to obtain best price possible.
Floor traders can insist that specialists display their better prices on the trading screens.
Floor traders shout, jostle and shove.
Most floor traders tend to make money twenty days of the month.
Floor work includes abdominal work, flexibility and relaxation.
Floor work includes some light weight training.
Floor work includes technical steps of the classical ballet, and various styles of jazz dance.
A floor is a level
Floor anchorage via alloy rail, bolted to floor of vehicle.
Floor breathe despite all tip neither cry taylormade lcg.
Floor covering installers install various materials on floors.
Floor drains allow drainage from the floor into the sewer.
Floor drains flushed and sanitized weekly or as needed.
Floor Drains throughout upper and lower level manufacturing and receiving areas.
Floor drains throughout.
Floor especially is different.
Floor exercises for stretching and developing muscles.
Floor fights over the seating of certain delegations.
Floor finish safe.
Floor have an ancient woods, bluebells mertensia virginica.
Floor is a little small, but the band does a good job.
Floor is a solid block foundation strong enough for any heavy load.
Floor is a waist of good bench space.
Floor is an imagemapped plane.
Floor is as much fun for the athletes as it is for the spectators.
Floor is attached to bedrock.
Floor is attached to granitic bedrock.
Floor is blurred.
Floor is bubbled throughout.
Floor is carpeted and walls are painted with children's murals.
Floor is ceramic tile.
Floor is concrete.
Floor is constructed of fiberglass over marine plywood with teak grates, and a teak engine cover.
Floor is covered with sawdust.
Floor is good, but table is good too.
Floor is heated everywhere including the driveway and walks.
Floor is in good condition.
Floor is Italian tile.
Floor is lightweight aluminum sheet over structural members.
Floor is muscular tongue.
Floor is non-slick concrete.
Floor is now a wall.
Floor is now ceiling.
Floor is now flat.
Floor is oiled teak throughout.
Floor is opened for discussion.
Floor is opened for questions and discussion.
Floor is painted flat black.
Floor is quite spongy because they have laid floorboards on top of a dodgy carpet.
Floor is scrubbed by hand.
Floor is smith ab allies typically have.
Floor is solid vinyl.
Floor is still up, but is reinforced as strongly as it if was resting on the joist.
Floor is supported above ground for greater insulation.
Floor is swept and mopped with sanitizing agents daily.
Floor is terra-cotta stained concrete.
Floor is the bed.
Floor is the designated group study floor.
Floor is tile and one wall is mirrored.
Floor is uneven in one bedroom and one bathroom.
Floor is wood, medium size.
Floor isa surface.
Floor layout more like a condo.
Floor lives among whatever stone hence complete lingerie.
Floor love up little water than gave practice partners.
Floor miss upon a middle still fear detour.
Floor mounted- usually brass.
Floor needs to support library.
Floor plan Overhead light at top of entry stairs.
Floor plan to arrange seating.
Floor plan to suit.
Floor plan upon request.
Floor plans that adequately incorporate custodial and other dedicated service facilities.
Floor plans with all rooms identified.
Floor plans with front elevations.
Floor plans with room sizes, width, depth and floor area.
Floor poses to increase flexibility, espeically in the lower back.
Floor pump with gauge .
Floor refinishing companies typically get most of the job done in a day.
Floor remember through an presence how happen hair style for curly hair.
Floor remember through an presence how happen salon magazines.
Floor reserve off an presence how remember Buying laptop computer.
Floor reserve off an presence how remember Celebration.
Floor reserve off an presence how remember wine gift basket.
Floor sanding equipment is heavy duty, industrial machinery.
Floor show in a Harlem nightclub.
Floor shows that are complete with singer, dancers, comdeians and band.
Floor shows with women and men.
Floor stand dryer Works well for blow drying on the table, as well as cage drying.
Floor stand or table-top stand for portable applications.
Floor standing speakers generally cost more and produce more bass than bookshelf speakers.
Floor stands and tapestry frames.
Floor stands for holding reading materials for users with limited strength or mobility.
Floor stays level.
Floor sweep product eliminates slippery conditions.
Floor switch for high beams.
Floor trying under some three however give reversible hats.
Floors are a good example.
Floors are a mix of men and women from all academic class standings.
Floors are accessible by lift .
Floors are Alabama marble and the stairs and wall bases are Vermont marble.
Floors are all hardwood and ceramic.
Floors are also extremely valuable in solving other problems.
Floors are at rail car height and double rail tracks serve each side of the building.
Floors are available with a special emphasis on academic achievements.
Floors are backdrop, background for our larger lives, larger and louder than any creaking.
Floors are bare wire mesh, perforated metal, plastic-coated metal, fiberglass, or concrete.
Floors are bare, ceilings are open and walls are taped and ready for paint.
Floors are brick on sand and tinted concrete, segmented, smoothed and sealed.
Floors are bright and clean yellow pine.
Floors are buffed and swept, light haloes the artwork, the spaces are reverent, vast and empty.
Floors are carpet and vinyl tile.
Floors are carpet, vinyl, and hardwood.
Floors are cement and the building is made of concrete blocks.
Floors are cement with trench drains , making for easier clean up and fewer pests.
Floors are ceramic tile and carpet.
Floors are ceramic tiled and carpeted.
Floors are clean, the furniture dusted, and the very large kitchen is spotless.
Floors are co-ed with separate suites for females and males.
Floors are coed, but suites are single-gender.
Floors are coed.
Floors are coeducational.
Floors are concrete with a terrazzo-like finish.
Floors are concrete, and piers are isolated from floors and attached to bedrock.
Floors are control.
Floors are damp-mopped or vacuumed as needed.
Floors are damp-mopped weekly.
Floors are darker.
Floors are dirty and covered with sawdust.
Floors are factory seam-taped.
Floors are flat.
Floors are flats.
Floors are frequently mopped and debris on the floor is a rare sight.
Floors are fully demountable and easily relocated.
Floors are gathering.
Floors are granite and center heart birch.
Floors are halls.
Floors are hand-stained concrete with carpet used minimally in offices and the clubhouse TV rooms.
Floors are hardwood accented with Oriental rugs.
Floors are hardwood and ceramic tile.
Floors are hardwood and linoleum.
Floors are hardwood and new carpet.
Floors are hardwood and vinyl tile.
Floors are hardwood floors.
Floors are hardwood, restored soft wood, some carpet and ceramic.
Floors are high and entry stairs are steep and narrow.
Floors are industrial type concrete and hardwood flooring.
Floors are Italian tiled.
Floors are lands.
Floors are levels.
Floors are light wood in living areas.
Floors are linoleum and carpet.
Floors are linoleum.
Floors are located in airports.
Floors are located in beds.
Floors are located in buses.
Floors are located in carpets.
Floors are located in classrooms.
Floors are located in closets.
Floors are located in desks.
Floors are located in houses.
Floors are located in libraries.
Floors are located in restaurants.
Floors are located in rooms.
Floors are located in schools.
Floors are located in stores.
Floors are located in synagogues.
Floors are located in tables.
Floors are made of concrete.
Floors are made of wood.
Floors are monolithic and moistureproof.
Floors are of the sweep-out design, with bottom supports for heavy loads.
Floors are of wood planking and are smooth and regular.
Floors are on top of one another.
Floors are original heartwood and appointments include marble tables and wicker chairs.
Floors are part of buildings.
Floors are part of caves.
Floors are part of exchanges.
Floors are part of hallways.
Floors are part of lakes.
Floors are part of rooms.
Floors are pine and ceramic tile.
Floors are pine.
Floors are polyester powder coated in black.
Floors are primarily linoleum, furniture minimal and there are many windows.
Floors are random-width wood.
Floors are rights.
Floors are rock maple and heart of pine.
Floors are rooms.
Floors are single gender.
Floors are single sex, but the entire building is co-ed.
Floors are single sex, except center wings, which are co-ed.
Floors are single sex.
Floors are single-gender and for all first year students.
Floors are single-gender, and the building consists of all double rooms.
Floors are slick with mud, silt and oil.
Floors are smooth concrete.
Floors are soft and light-colored.
Floors are structures.
Floors are surfaces.
Floors are the most popular interior applications for decorative concrete.
Floors are the original pine.
Floors are tile and carpet.
Floors are tile and sisal carpet.
Floors are tile.
Floors are tileds.
Floors are to be cleaned regularly and kept free of clutter.
Floors are to be swept or vacuumed to prevent accumulation of combustible materials.
Floors are to be swept or vacuumed.
Floors are traditional red tile.
Floors are used for walking.
Floors are used for walks.
Floors are usually ceramic tile with ceramic tile surround on walls.
Floors are usually concrete with a depth of about one foot.
Floors are usually concrete, although our apartment did have carpet and linoleum.
Floors are very close and have a great sense of community.
Floors are vinyl tile and have venetian blinds.
Floors are vinyl tile in a shade of tan.
Floors are vinyl tiled.
Floors are virgin Washington red pine.
Floors are walls.
Floors are wets.
Floors are wide pine shiplap, attached also with square cut nails.
Floors are wood, tile and carpet.
Floors are wooden.
Floors are yellow pine.
Floors Be sure that carpet and rugs are smooth at the edges.
Floors become sandpaper with too many treads and no polish.
Floors can be coarse asphalt or limed clay, and thickly bedded.
Floors can have dry areas and damp areas, including some damp areas that never dry out.
Floors can move and crush objects, enemies and players.
Floors Check the general condition of the floors.
Floors creak as if a person is walking across, windows buckle, and doors rock.
Floors create layers.
Floors downstairs are wide-plank pine.
Floors dry out better because wet, residual manure is removed.
Floors feel uneven.
Floors Get rid of throw rugs or use nonslip backing.
Floors has carpet and tile.
Floors have (part) sections.
Floors have a special role to play in interior design.
Floors have adequate drainage.
Floors have ancient wood.
Floors have carpet and tile on it.
Floors have carpet and tile.
Floors have hard surfaces.
Floors have insulation between levels for heat containment and noise abatement.
Floors have live rooms.
Floors have rooms.
Floors have surfaces.
Floors have to be swept and mopped clean.
Floors have wood.
Floors Keep floors in good repair.
Floors Learn to make stone floors.
Floors Look at the floor in each room.
Floors prevent erosion.
Floors prevent surface erosion.
Floors respond to high speed buffing with a brilliant shine.
Floors rise and fall slightly in different places.
Floors stay warm and dry in the coldest, wettest weather.
Floors supported by wooden posts divide the interior into sub-spaces.
Floors take a lot more abuse.
Floors take substantial abuse from normal, everyday traffic.
Floors team up in alliances.
All floor covering adhesives contain some measure of VOCs for effective performance.
All floor is lifted to the new height.
All floor is tiled and care free.
All floors accessible via lift.
All floors are accessible by elevator located near the entrance.
All floors are accessible by elevator.
All floors are accessible by lift, and there are adapted toilets.
All floors are accessible by passenger lift.
All floors are accessible from all elevator.
All floors are accessible from the elevator located in the main lobby.
All floors are accessible.
All floors are also throughly cleaned and then sealed.
All floors are coed and unrestricted visitation except where otherwise indicated.
All floors are coed, and all residents on a floor share one large bathroom.
All floors are co-ed.
All floors are coed.
All floors are coeducational with single-sex bathrooms.
All floors are coeducational, with coed and single-sex bathrooms.
All floors are concrete.
All floors are free floating to eliminate vibration transfer through the walls.
All floors are fully accessible.
All floors are hard maple and marble .
All floors are hardwood.
All floors are original, sanded and varnished.
All floors are single sex, except for one floor which is co-ed by wing.
All floors are slippery when wet.
All floors are solid polished oak and the walls are plastered in good order.
All floors are the same size.
All floors are tile and all windows have window treatments.
All floors are tile.
All floors are to be renovated.
All floors are wheelchair accessible.
All floors are wheelchair-reachable.
All floors are wood or ceramic.
All floors are wooden throughout the house with many Oriental rugs scattered about.
All floors begin with standard visitation.
All floors face a central lobby giving each floor a spacious feel and a compelling view.
All floors feature a durable polyurethane finish for long wear.
All floors have a lounge.
All floors have accessible water fountains.
All floors have an open guest policy and are coeducational by alternating floors.
All floors have community baths and shower rooms and some rooms are equipped with personal sinks.
All floors have elevator access.
All floors have gender and smoking designations.
All floors have ice making machines.
All floors have kitchenettes.
All floors have radiant heating with six separate zone controls.
All floors have rugs.
All floors offer newly renovated rooms that include carpeting, track lighting, and new furnishings.
All floors open.
Every floor contains kitchen facilities.
Every floor has a bathroom.
Every floor has a ceiling.
Every floor has a kitchen, shower room and toilets.
Every floor has a kitchen, shower room, and toilets.
Every floor has a name.
Every floor has a small kitchen with a sink, stove and microwave.
Every floor has a stock of community dishes and cooking implements.
Every floor has a study lounge and laundry facilities are available in each residence hall.
Every floor has a toilet next to the lifts.
Every floor has a water fountain.
Every floor has also a common kitchen.
Every floor has at least two, sometimes four, such shops.
Every floor has individual shower stalls all located in the shower room.
Every floor has two corridor baths.
Every floor has two representatives to hall council that are responsible for voting for their floor.
Every floor has wide pine boards.
Every floor has wide pine-board floors, even the ball room on the second floor.
Every floor holds more info.
Every floor is a layer, and every layer is a nuisance.
Every floor is one single space.
Every floor participates in intramural sports, and dorm-wide competitions are scheduled regularly.
More floor are is for office space than any other use, followed by hotel and residential space.
Most floor pumps with a built in gauge are reasonably accurate.
Most floors are made of wood.
Most floors are mixed but some single sex floors are available according to demand.
Most floors are single sex, however gender alternates by floor.
Most floors create layers.
Most floors have a lounge with a television.
Most floors have a small kitchen adjacent to the floor lounge.
Most floors have a social lounge, study lounge, kitchen and laundry facilities.
Most floors have ancient wood.
Most floors have hard surfaces.
Most floors have live rooms.
Most floors have rooms.
Most floors have surfaces.
Most floors have two private eight person suites and each floor has a full kitchen.
Most floors have wood.
Most floors prevent erosion.
Most floors prevent surface erosion.
Most floors slope downstream.
Some floor covering can help clean up.
Some floor drains go directly to a storm sewer or open body of water.
Some floor stripping products affect indoor air quality.
Some floors add energy.
Some floors also have a study lounge.
Some floors are caused by landslide.
Some floors are covered by carpets.
Some floors are easier to refinish than others.
Some floors are non-smoking, and some floors are coed by wing.
Some floors are part of abbeys.
Some floors are part of aeroplanes.
Some floors are part of aircraft.
Some floors are part of airplanes.
Some floors are part of apartments.
Some floors are part of architecture.
Some floors are part of bakeries.
Some floors are part of ballrooms.
Some floors are part of barns.
Some floors are part of barracks.
Some floors are part of bathrooms.
Some floors are part of bedrooms.
Some floors are part of belfries.
Some floors are part of buildings.
Some floors are part of bungalows.
Some floors are part of cabins.
Some floors are part of cabs.
Some floors are part of cafes.
Some floors are part of castles.
Some floors are part of cathedrals.
Some floors are part of choppers.
Some floors are part of churches.
Some floors are part of classrooms.
Some floors are part of cloakrooms.
Some floors are part of convents.
Some floors are part of coops.
Some floors are part of cottages.
Some floors are part of cowsheds.
Some floors are part of dairies.
Some floors are part of discos.
Some floors are part of dumpers.
Some floors are part of elevators.
Some floors are part of farmhouses.
Some floors are part of farms.
Some floors are part of fisheries.
Some floors are part of foyers.
Some floors are part of frigates.
Some floors are part of galleries.
Some floors are part of garages.
Some floors are part of gliders.
Some floors are part of go-karts.
Some floors are part of greenhouses.
Some floors are part of gyms.
Some floors are part of halls.
Some floors are part of hallways.
Some floors are part of helicopters.
Some floors are part of hospitals.
Some floors are part of hotels.
Some floors are part of houses.
Some floors are part of inns.
Some floors are part of jets.
Some floors are part of johns.
Some floors are part of kennels.
Some floors are part of kitchens.
Some floors are part of laboratories.
Some floors are part of labs.
Some floors are part of libraries.
Some floors are part of lockers.
Some floors are part of loos.
Some floors are part of manors.
Some floors are part of monasteries.
Some floors are part of mosques.
Some floors are part of motorbikes.
Some floors are part of nurseries.
Some floors are part of observatories.
Some floors are part of palaces.
Some floors are part of pantries.
Some floors are part of pickups.
Some floors are part of planes.
Some floors are part of playrooms.
Some floors are part of pubs.
Some floors are part of ranches.
Some floors are part of restaurants.
Some floors are part of rinks.
Some floors are part of rooms.
Some floors are part of saloons.
Some floors are part of sculleries.
Some floors are part of ships.
Some floors are part of shipwrecks.
Some floors are part of shops.
Some floors are part of skyscrapers.
Some floors are part of spacecraft.
Some floors are part of spaceships.
Some floors are part of stables.
Some floors are part of stalls.
Some floors are part of steamers.
Some floors are part of studios.
Some floors are part of submarines.
Some floors are part of tankers.
Some floors are part of temples.
Some floors are part of theaters.
Some floors are part of theatres.
Some floors are part of trucks.
Some floors are part of workplaces.
Some floors are part of workshops.
Some floors are wide pumpkin pine.
Some floors are yellow.
Some floors attract insects.
Some floors cause injuries.
Some floors consist of carpets.
Some floors consist of reptile carpets.
Some floors cover with layers.
Some floors cover with sawdust.
Some floors have concentration.
Some floors have high water.
Some floors have illumination.
Some floors have low resistance.
Some floors have low thermal resistance.
Some floors have resistance.
Some floors have thermal resistance.
Some floors have water.
Some floors offer ranges.
Some floors possess ants.
Some floors provide access to special study equipment, such as computer terminals or microscopes.
Some floors provide protection.
A floorboard is a board
Floorboard isa board.
Floorboards are a great convenience.
Floorboards are boards.
Floorboards are extra.
Floorboards are floors.
Floorboards are located in carpets.
Floorboards are located in closets.
Floorboards are part of cars.
Floorboards are smoothed and finished.
Floorboards are up and cable are lying around causing a trip hazard.
Floorboards are up and there are pools of different coloured liquids everywhere.
Floorboards have (part) sections.
Some floorboards show patterns.
Flooring aim to be the ultimate in ease of installation, usage and maintenance.
Flooring also braces the structural frame.
Flooring also is important.
Flooring are building materials.
Flooring are located in bundles.
Flooring are located in carpets.
Flooring are located in houses.
Flooring are located in kitchens.
Flooring are located in lofts.
Flooring are located in stores.
Flooring can be dirt, sand, ag-lime, or concrete.
Flooring can be unstable and rickety railings can give way.
Flooring can double the price.
Flooring can take many forms.
Flooring Check the condition of all carpet and flooring.
Flooring installed in the vehicles is a non-slip, bacteriostatic type.
Flooring is a major consideration.
Flooring is alternately native limestone and oak.
Flooring is among the major expenses of home ownership.
Flooring is available in many sizes and species, both unfinished and prefinished.
Flooring is available in unfinished, polyurethaned, or wax finishes.
Flooring is ceramic tiles unlike all brand new condos which have marble flooring.
Flooring is cheap.
Flooring is concrete with carpeted aisles.
Flooring is grey white marble in living area and parquet wood in bedrooms.
Flooring is honey coloured timber in living areas.
Flooring is important in a brooder to keep the chicks feet and legs healthy.
Flooring is important.
Flooring is in non-slip grey plastic.
Flooring is installed.
Flooring is laminated tile.
Flooring is light brown marble tiles.
Flooring is light brown wooden strips instead of marble.
Flooring is like people, it is inside what matters .
Flooring is matched wide plank fir.
Flooring is milled from recycled antique timbers.
Flooring is of granite sheets laid without any binding mortar.
Flooring is one of the great variables in any construction.
Flooring is one of the most popular interior applications for concrete.
Flooring is resilient in kitchen and bathroom- and wall to wall carpeting in remainder of apartment.
Flooring is safe and nonslip.
Flooring is the interior feature usually requiring the most maintenance in a well-used barn .
Flooring is tongue and groove fir.
Flooring is true marble with gray and gold streaks.
Flooring is unfinished, pre-finished products are also available.
Flooring is used for indoor applications only.
Flooring is vinyl in the utility, dining, kitchen, and baths.
Flooring is wide-board oak or pine.
Flooring is wood and carpet.
Flooring is wood, vinyl and carpet.
Flooring varies throughout the space and includes carpeting, vinyl and concrete surfaces.
Flooring usually comes in oak or pine and can be pre-finished.
All flooring is composed of a hermetically seam-sealed, chemically resistant, polymer.
All flooring is covered by manufacturers' warrantees.
All flooring is cut from northern grown timber, which insures beautiful color and grain pattern.
All Flooring is in excellent condition.
All flooring is of good quality carpet and tile.
All flooring is priced per square foot and all prices are subject to change without notice.
All floorplate tabs are present, and the magazine spring is undamaged.
Floorstand model includes footswitch, locking casters and cord wrap.
Flop games are the way forward now.
Flop games have five community cards.
A flop is an operation
Flop comes rags.
Flop comes with two diamonds.
Flop is next.
Flop is too serious and bossy.
Flops are descents.
Flops are failure.
Flops are the fundamental building bolcks oc a pommel horse routine.
Every flop has a silver lining.
Floppy boot causes lockup.
Floppy cable has seven twisted lines.
Floppy cables have a twist in the cable.
Floppy cables have the twists in the lower pin numbers.
Many floppy cables come with connectors for each type on each side of the twist.
Floppy compatibility is limited.
Floppy discs are used for data storage.
Floppy Discs arrive in regular shipment boxes.
Floppy discs continue to be inexpensive, and easy to use.
Floppy discs continue to be inexpensive, universally compatible, and easy to use.
A floppy disk is a disc
Floppy disk includes example documents.
Floppy disk is typical.
Floppy disk See diskette .
Floppy disks are a common vector for computer viruses.
Floppy disks are a fairly fragile medium, and they all have a finite shelf life.
Floppy disks are a poor medium for backing up and storing files.
Floppy disks are a poor medium for storing files.
Floppy disks are a relatively unreliable storage device.
Floppy disks are already incredibly unreliable.
Floppy disks are also cheap.
Floppy disks are also quite slow.
Floppy disks are an unacceptable media for storage of corporate records.
Floppy disks are another common magnetic storage medium.
Floppy disks are available anywhere, very cheap to purchase and guarantee easy access to the images.
Floppy disks are available at the front desk for one dollar.
Floppy disks are available for a small charge.
Floppy disks are available for purchase within the library.
Floppy disks are available in the Bookstore .
Floppy disks are available, for sale, to members only.
Floppy disks are cheap and easy, after all.
Floppy disks are cheap.
Floppy disks are computer disks.
Floppy disks are convenient, but their lack of storage capacity results in lower-quality images.
Floppy disks are delicate and require special care.
Floppy disks are different from hard disks in that they are portable.
Floppy disks are easy to carry and fast to use, but unfortunately are also mechanically fragile.
Floppy disks are extremely portable.
Floppy disks are floppies.
Floppy disks are for sale at the Information desk.
Floppy disks are fragile and unreliable.
Floppy disks are fragile.
Floppy disks are inherently undependable.
Floppy disks are less reliable and less durable than hard drives.
Floppy disks are magnetic devices and are negatively affected by magnetic fields.
Floppy disks are marginally OK, and hard copy is our least favorite.
Floppy disks are notorious for developing read errors over time .
Floppy disks are notorious for losing important bits and corrupting files.
Floppy disks are probably a much safer option.
Floppy disks are prone to damage from dust and dirt or exposure to magnetic fields.
Floppy disks are reliable and if they fail only a few files are lost.
Floppy disks are removable and are therefore used to transport data.
Floppy disks are removable.
Floppy disks are slow to transfer information.
Floppy disks are slower in operation, store less information, and are less reliable than hard disks.
Floppy disks are slower, cheaper and removable.
Floppy disks are small removable disks that are common to PC 's.
Floppy disks are still very convenient, but they are also incredibly flimsy and unreliable.
Floppy disks are subject to disk errors much more than hard disks and network servers.
Floppy disks are unreliable, and some disks and files are unrecoverable.
Floppy disks are used for moving information between computers , laptops or other devices .
Floppy disks are used for moving information between computers, laptops or other devices.
Floppy disks are used for storing information.
Floppy disks are useful for transferring files on and off campus using a removeable media.
Floppy disks are very sensitive and are easily damaged through heavy use and common wear and tear.
Floppy disks are vulnerable storage media.
Floppy disks become corrupted.
Floppy disks can also be imaged, either individually or automatically using customised equipment.
Floppy disks can also have all files from their disk erased if desired.
Floppy disks can become bad any time.
Floppy disks can easily carry viruses between computers.
Floppy disks can lose track of files, especially if files are constantly added and deleted.
Floppy disks come in different sizes and storage capacities.
Floppy disks come in two sizes.
Floppy disks continue to be inexpensive, and easy to use.
Floppy disks differ from Hard disks by a.
Floppy disks Explain floppy disk use.
Floppy disks function at much slower pace than hard disks do.
Floppy disks have a relatively short life.
Floppy disks have a safeguard feature that helps users avoid copying over important files.
Floppy disks have small openings at the top.
Floppy disks have their flaws, but they're a lot more reliable and durable than tape.
Floppy disks look like they cost less than a dollar.
Floppy disks store much less data than a CD-ROM disk or USB flash drive .
Floppy disks store much less data than a CD-ROM disk or USB flash drive.
Floppy disks tend to fail at the worst possible times.
Floppy disks use a flexible vinyl surface covered in magnetic oxides.
Every floppy disk has a boot sector which contains executable code.
Floppy diskettes are considerably more prone to errors.
Floppy diskettes are far from floppy.
Floppy diskettes are often unreliable.
Floppy diskettes are removable, and have greatly reduced storage compared to hard disks.
Floppy diskettes have a low capacity and are only useful for smaller files.
Floppy drive appears to have problem.
Floppy drives accept the insertion of a floppy disk into the computer.
Floppy drives are a simple example of magnetic storage.
Floppy drives are disk drives.
Floppy drives are less of a risk as they store so little, but they are still a risk.
Floppy drives are much slower than hard drives.
Floppy drives are of no use with the Internet and corporate networks.
Floppy drives are part of a larger category of storage products called removable media drives.
Floppy drives are probably the next piece of equipment to achieve obsolescence.
Floppy drives get dirty.
Floppy drives operate very slowly.
Floppy drives rotate the floppy on a spindle, which is driven by some motor.
All floppy drives use pretty much the same type of connector.
Most floppy drives use a slightly smaller power connector than the other drives.
Floppy emulation seems to work great.
Floppy fish are fresh, captured close by.
Floppy parents provide no structure or clear rules, and offer inconsistent rewards and punishments.
Floppy storage makes it exceptionally easy for users to transfer images to a computer.
A floppy is a disc
Floppies Aah the good old floppy disk.
Floppies also serve as a way to transport new software.
Floppies are a joke - they're too small for anything much anymore.
Floppies are also great for upgrades and patches.
Floppies are also portable, but inefficient due to their small storage capacity.
Floppies are available everywhere and are cheap.
Floppies are cheap and provide an immediate interface to almost all PC's.
Floppies are cheap.
Floppies are cheaper than lost files.
Floppies are diskettes.
Floppies are fine for transferring data from computer to computer, or for temporary storage.
Floppies are inherently unreliable.
Floppies are notorious for becoming corrupted.
Floppies are notoriously unreliable and slow.
Floppies are one of the most common ways viruses are transmitted.
Floppies are slow.
Floppies are the worst possible storage medium for important files.
Floppies are unreliable and it is very easy to lose months worth of work.
Floppies are very compact, easy to hide, easy to encrypt, and easy to destroy.
Floppies cost only pennies.
Floppies have a convenient hardware mechanism.
Floppies make it possible to backup important information in case it is lost by the computer.
Floppies store data on a disk that contains material similar to a cassette tape.
Most floppies contain vi, too.
Floquet analysis is the primary mathematical tool for helicopter stability investigations.
Floquet excitation is used to simulate the incident wave.
A flora is an organism
Floras can mean plant life of an historic era as in 'fossil flora'.
Floras provide a recommendation as to the correct names of plants in a region.
Floras usually provide keys to aid identification, as well as descriptions and often illustrations.
Some flora naturally occurring on the beach head requires fresh water runoff from the land.
Floral accents can also work well for winter.
Floral apple flavours spicy less and pear apple fruit.
Floral aroma infuses nose and lingers in the mouth, blossoms in milk to creamy sweetness.
Floral aromas can be reminiscent of geranium, jasmine, violets, apple blossom and other.
A floral arrangement is an arrangement
A floral arrangement is decoration
Floral arrangements adorn each room and most hallways.
Floral arrangements are available upon request.
Floral arrangements are impeccable.
Floral arrangements are one of the easiest gifts to customize.
Floral arrangements are one of the easiest gifts to select.
Floral arrangements are usually better in the hands of the bride.
Floral arrangements can face a good deal of stress before everything is completed.
All floral arrangements come with flower food, flower care instructions.
Floral bouquets enhance the spectacular view.
Floral bouquets make beautiful centerpieces.
Floral bouquets representing beauty, celebration and abundance embrace the scrolls.
Floral bouquets vary and are unique for each angel.
Floral bracts are almost entirely white with a green stripe.
Floral bracts are dark brown and clothed with long, straight hairs.
Floral bracts are pale or dark brown and the ovaries are densely hairy.
Floral carpets line the lanes, doused in disinfectant.
Floral cartouche borders the title.
Floral cartouche encloses title.
Floral cartouche is on two sides of each bottle.
Floral characters link herbivores, pollinators, and plant fitness.
Floral colors range from deep magenta to pink, purple, lavender and even orange.
Floral companies take orders via their e-mail.
Floral decorations are optional.
Floral deliveries seem to be on the up in Britain right now.
Floral design includes fresh and silk flowers, dish gardens and retailing.
Floral design is on saucers and again replicated on front of cups and on handle of spoons.
Floral designs range from pressed flower pictures to lavish wreaths and topiaries.
Floral designers arrange flowers into designs.
Floral designers cut and arrange flowers and greenery into a design.
Floral designers handpick colorful blossoms to compliment nature's soft hues.
Floral designers have many types of flowers to choose from.
Floral designers show off their works of green-thumb art.
Many floral designers manage their own shops.
Many floral designers provide a host of services to meet customer demand throughout the year.
Most floral designers learn their skills on the job.
Floral detail appears on cardigans and tops in a variety of fabrics.
Floral emblem is Southern blue gum.
Floral essences are available from a number of sources.
Floral extracts help leave hair soft, clean and shiny.
Floral fabrics decorate the quaint tearoom.
Floral foam is a green spongy block that absorbs water.
Floral fragrances are the primary means by which plants attract potential pollinators.
Floral fragrances can dramatically enhance our moods and health.
Floral fragrances improve learning and productivity.
Floral garnish is provided on every tray ordered.
Floral greens constitute a significant industry in Washington, and in Mason County in particular.
Floral images abound in literature of all sorts, as they do in the arts.
Some floral inductions occur in autumn.
Floral lace decorates the the waist and skirt.
Floral morphology suggests that wild bananas are bat pollinated in their native range.
Floral motifs adorn the grilles for windows, pillars as well as roof edges.
Floral motifs are also recognisable, such as branches, small trees, flowers, figs and pomegranates.
Floral motifs are the inspiration for many gift giving sentiments.
Floral motifs decorate the sides of the box.
Floral nectar spurs and diversification.
Floral nectaries present, or absent.
Floral odors are especially attractive to bees and wasps.
Many floral operations have a separate cooler for orchids and tropicals.
Floral ornamentation is predominant.
Floral partners can prove perfect match.
Floral pattern changes from front to back of piece.
Floral patterns abound in the house s upholstery fabrics, window treatments and furnishings.
Floral patterns dominate in Persia and India.
Floral patterns dominate.
Many floral patterns look great as they give the appearance of the garden coming into the home.
Floral picks hold enough water to keep flowers fresh a few days, so add water as needed.
Every floral piece is custom designed by our very capable staff.
Floral planters complement the open look along perimeter headers.
Floral preservative can extend the useful life of cut flowers, sometimes even doubling the time.
Floral preservative is recommended and is available commercially.
Floral preservative provides sugars, balances pH, and limits bacterial growth.
Floral preservatives are available from florists.
Floral preservatives are very effective in maintaining quality and extending longevity.
Floral print billows.
Floral prints look best on a background of early or neutral tones.
Floral products supplement the incomes of local residents in many southern Appalachian communities.
Floral prophylls are always absent.
Floral quilts suggest another idea to gardeners.
Floral scents are associated with romance while spicier and greener scents makes one seem sporty.
Floral scents begin as oils that are produced by the petals in most plants.
Some floral scents make people feel more romantic.
Floral services are available by request for any catered or personal event.
Floral shops use the leafy braches in mixes with herbaceous bouquets.
Any floral shops can use too.
Floral stratification is more complex in the stratified waters rather than in the dynamic waters.
Floral styles includes rustic, western, traditional or something totally out of the ordinary.
Floral trees adorn the piece filling up the empty spaces.
Floral tributes are poetic and symbolic, a confession of human subordination to cosmic law.
Floral tributes lie on the granite slabs.
Floral trims made of ribbon are perfect for edging sleeves and necklines.
Floral trimmings add that heartwarming touch.
Some floral tubes vary in length.
Floral wallpaper covers the bottom half of the kitchen walls.
Floral wire is the fastener of choice, and is very easy to work with.
Floral wiring is added with raffia at the top.
Floral wreaths adorn many front doors and basketball hoops reside in driveways.
Florescent bulbs work the best.
Florescent colors are good to wear in the daytime but are difficult to see at night.
Florescent fibers are present in the paper and react to UV light.
Florescent intensity is dependent on how successfully a plant is using sunlight.
Florescent lamps illuminate the fixtures mercury vapor lamps in the base.
Florescent light is also very good for starting and rooting cuttings.
Florescent lights are cool or blue light.
Florescent lights are more green as a rule.
Florescent lights are only effective when they are within a couple inches of the tops of the plants.
Florescent lights are very efficent and are perfect for the shop.
Florescent lights can be fine.
Florescent lights have yet a different color temperature.
Florescent lights produce light from the Blue light spectrum.
Florescent lights run on capacitors that pulse current through the bulb at a certain frequency.
Most florescent lights are quite greenish, tungsten is very red, and daylight, normal.
Florescent lighting diminishes the effect.
Florescent lighting is located in garages.
Floresta staff is available for interviews.
Floret abortion starts in the boot stage and finishes at anthesis.
Floret colors vary from white to dark brown.
A floret is a flower
Floret isa blossom.
Floret isa flower.
Florets are awnless, or with short straight awns.
Florets are carinate and lacking a germination flap.
Florets are flowers.
Florets are most susceptible to infection just before anthesis.
Florets are round and recurved into a crisply tailored form.
Florets become infected at flowering, and the fungus kills individual spikelets or the entire head.
Florets contain particles.
Florets grow together in small groups called spikelets, which collectively form inflorescences.
Florets have (part) anthers.
Florets have (part) carpels.
Florets have (part) leaf shapes.
Florets have (part) ovaries.
Florets have (part) perianths.
Florets have (part) placentas.
Florets have (part) sections.
Florets have (part) stamens.
Florets have stamens.
All florets are fertile and develop normal kernels.
All florets hermaphrodite.
Most florets are pollinated before anthers are extruded.
Most florets contain particles.
Most florets have stamens.
Some florets become seeds.
Some florets can remain attached to spikes long after plants turn brown.
Some florets contain stamens.
Some florets have pistils.
Some florets produce seeds.
Florian Bears go are on sale now.
Floribbean cuisine makes an epicurean dream of seafood and spices.
A floriculture is a gardening
Floriculture encompasses floral design, greenhouse, dried and cut flowers, foliage plants and more.
Floriculture is also very water intensive.
Floriculture is an area where joint ventures have been established with U.S. firms.
Floriculture is an emerging industry in Nepal.
Floriculture is the cultivation of flowers for ornamental purposes.
Florida key deer weigh pounds.
Florida manatees have enemies.
Florida manatees have natural enemies.
Florida manatees venture into deep ocean water.
Florida manatees venture into deep water.
Florida manatees venture into ocean water.
Florida manatees venture into water.
Florida panther kittens have blue eyes.
Florida panther kittens have eyes.
Florida panthers develop ability.
Florida panthers eat deer.
Florida panthers prey upon animals.
Florida panthers rest in trees.
Most florida panthers eat deer.
Florida state football teams get facilities.
Florida state football teams get indoor facilities.
Florida state football teams get indoor practice facilities.
Florida state football teams get practice facilities.
Most florida state collectibles toward social, some trial employ some raw wood on no bank.
Florida has (part) Florida keys.
Florida has (part) inclines.
Florida has (part) slopes.
Florida isa thing.
Most Floridian papaya is grown exclusively in South Florida.
A florist shop is a store
Many florist shops are small and employ only a few designers.
Florist Weddings are costly, and everyone is interested in saving money if possible.
Florist wire is twisted together, spread out and threaded with popcorn and cranberries.
A florist is a store
Florists advise against making a firm decision on flowers too early in the planning process.
Florists also purchase many of their flowers from greenhouse growers.
Florists also sell houseplants and are very knowledgeable about their requirements.
Florists are craftsmans.
Florists are everywhere in shops, kiosks and on the pavement.
Florists are experts at customization.
Florists are experts at the art of expression.
Florists are salespersons.
Florists are shopkeepers.
Florists are shops.
Florists ask some general questions about the wedding plans before delving into the particulars.
Florists can also suggest design styles for any occasion.
Florists can provide small packages of floral preservative.
Florists carry balloons as well as flowers.
Florists Click on the links below for Florists information.
Florists collect evergreen huckleberry boughs to use in flower arrangements and holiday decorations.
Florists do remarkable things with flowers flowers.
Florists Find the perfect flower arrangement and the right florist for the job.
Florists know what is appropriate to send in the funeral context.
Florists online offer flowers for a variety of occasions.
Florists order huge volumes of flowers to keep up with the demand.
Florists pay to be listed on our site.
Florists say it is the best time for holidays to fall as it brings more focus on the special day.
Florists sell dependability as much as flowers.
Florists urge consumers to order early to assure timely delivery.
Florists use a thorn stripper.
Florists vases and plant pot holders.
Florist often sell their blooms under the name 'mimosa' which are wonderful for arrangements.
Florists often arrange the flowers to give a message such as love or sympathy.
Florists often sell wood sorrel as shamrock.
Florists usually deliver during the day to prevent problems.
Many florists also make designs for newborn babies, too.
Many florists hire extra people to arrange and deliver the orders.
Many florists now sell orchid plants in elaborate living arrangements.
Many florists offer direct billing options for their regular customers.
Many florists provide garlands of flowers to decorate and festoon the functions with.
Most florists are familiar with our procedures for delivering arrangements to the church.
Most florists are pretty decent people who want to help their customers meet their needs.
Most florists learn their skills on the job.
Most florists prefer longer stems than are required for mass market outlets.
Most florists pride themselves upon a delivery service.
Most florists rely on photos of previous work.
Some florists begin an arrangement with greens and finish it with flowers.
Some florists charge extra for the consultation.
Some florists do cater to more expensive functions.
Some florists even offer consultants for events like weddings or funerals.
Floristic affinities are close to southwestern China as well.
Floristic information is generally more reliable on public lands than on private lands.
Floss silk is beneficial as paddy against cold weather and as a basis for hand spun yarns.
Floss isa thread.
Flosses have (part) sections.
A flotation device is a float
A flotation device is rescue equipment
Flotation devices are available.
Flotation devices are helpful in assisting small children in the pool.
Flotation devices are limited to children's swimming aids.
Flotation devices are located in boats.
Flotation devices are the next best thing, until the waterskiers arrive in the summer.
Flotation devices can fail, or a child can slip out.
Flotation therapy is a powerful relaxation inducer.
Flotation therapy is essentially a process of placing the body into a state of total relaxation.
Flotation therapy is essentially a process of sensory isolation.
A flotation is finance
Flotation allows the separation of water from the smaller suspended particles.
Flotation can help to control blood pressure.
Flotation costs small.
Flotation costs The costs associates in selling of new shares in a company on stock market.
Flotation has benefits other than reducing stress.
Flotation is a better option.
Flotation is a widely-used method of removing the ink.
Flotation is added until the hardware is just light enough to neither sink nor float.
Flotation is also very important on the hind feet.
Flotation is another deinking method.
Flotation is how stable the skis are in deep snow.
Flotation is necessary to maintain the top of the cage just above the water surface.
Flotation is one of the methods used in the industry for extraction of minerals.
Flotation is provided by a string of small floats threaded through a plastic coated steel cable.
Flotation is required while underway.
Flotation is similar to support, but there is a big difference.
Flotation is the amount of weight a shoe can support on the ground.
Flotation is used to concentrate the ore .
Flotation is used to concentrate the ore.
Flotations are finance.
Flotations are now very out of fashion.
Flotations are physical phenomenons.
A flotilla is a fleet
Every flotilla can benefit from a mentoring program.
A flotsam is wreckage
Flotsam is awash with barbed references to pollution, both environmental and cultural.
Flotsam is stuff lost in a shipwreck.
Flotsam is wreckage that floats when a ship goes down.
Flotsam refers to the cargo that ends up on the water after the ship sinks.
Flotsams are wreckage.
Flounder consumes prey.
Flounder has (part) brains.
Flounder has (part) breasts.
Flounder has (part) cell membranes.
Flounder has (part) chest cavities.
Flounder has (part) chests.
Flounder has (part) corpi.
Flounder has (part) cytoplasm.
Flounder has (part) ears.
Flounder has (part) faces.
Flounder has (part) fish scales.
Flounder has (part) fishbones.
Flounder has (part) flippers.
Flounder has (part) heads.
Flounder has (part) nuclei.
Flounder has (part) pedal extremities.
Flounder has (part) plasma membranes.
Flounder has (part) rib cages.
Flounder has (part) sections.
Flounder has (part) skulls.
Flounder has (part) sperm.
Flounder has (part) sterna.
Flounder has (part) tail fins.
Flounder has (part) vacuoles.
Flounder has (part) vertebrate feet.
Flounder has (part) yolks.
Flounder has body shapes.
Flounder has lifespans.
Flounder has shapes.
Flounder is a flatfish
Flounder is books.
Flounder is fish.
Flounder is flatfishs.
Flounder is located in oceans.
Flounder isa fish.
Flounder lives for years.
Flounder takes bait.
Flounder takes live bait.
Flounders are a group of flatfish species.
Flounders are a tidal species, which means that they live in rivers and bays for most of their life.
Flounders are essentially deep-bodied fish which live with one side on the bottom.
Flounders are exposed to two major environmental gradients in European waters.
Flounders are popular sportfish and food fish throughout their range.
Flounders even tolerate freshened water normally found in river-fed estuaries.
Flounders feed on crustaceans, small fish, worms, and squid and are usually caught on the bottom.
Flounders feed on worms, crustaceans, and other small bottom invertebrates.
Flounders follow baitfish, looking for opportunities to strike.
Flounders have both eyes on one side, and they swim on their sides.
Flounders have one of the lowest survival rates in the sea.
Flounders is another instrumental character in the plot.
Most flounder has body shapes.
Most flounder has lifespans.
Most flounder has shapes.
Most flounder takes bait.
Most flounder takes live bait.
Some flounder eats shrimp.
Some flounder reaches maturity.
Flounderings is fighting.
A flour beetle is a tenebrionid
Flour beetles are beetles.
Flour beetles are metallic-hued and ovoid in shape.
Flour beetles are pesky bugs that creep into warehouses and tuck into flour and cereals.
Flour beetles exhibit cannibalistic behavior.
Flour beetles require about a month to complete their life cycle.
Some flour beetles feed on grain.
Flour City makes and installs custom curtain walls used in high-rise and monumental buildings.
Flour extraction is similar to Darter.
Flour tortillas are quite different from most of the handmade ones in local restaurants.
Flour tortillas bake to a marvelous crunch.
Flour tortillas come in their stay-hot holder.
Flour tortillas get the royal treatment for a short trip through our gas-fired ovens.
Flour yield depends on variety, season, locality and grain plumpness.
Flour yield is expressed as a percentage of cleaned wheat on a constant moisture basis.
Flour yield is similar while flour ash content is higher than last year.
Flour consider onto some bear until expect soccer info.
Flour contains yeast.
Flour is a food product
Flour is foodstuff.
Flour is located in cabinets.
Flour is located in cupboards.
Flour is located in grocery stores.
Flour is located in kitchens.
Flour is located in pantries.
Flour is powder.
Flour is used for cakes.
Flour isa food.
Flour isa nutrient.
Flour makes from starches.
Flour provides nutrients.
Flour settles on everything at the bakery.
Flour tends to be drier and absorbs more liquid at high altitudes.
Flour tortillas out of the bag are edible, corn less so.
Flours also vary in qualities from manufacturer to manufacturer.
Flours go in next with yeast on top.
All flour is unbleached, unbromated and derived from American grown wheat.
All flours are freshly stoneground right here on the farm.
More flour gives a cake-like cookie.
More flour makes for a thicker gravy.
Most flour contains yeast.
Most flour is fortified with calcium carbonate so cereals can also be a good source.
Most flour makes from starches.
Most flour provides nutrients.
Some flour causes inflammation.
Some flour has life.
Some flour has minerals.
Some flour has shelf life.
Some flour has short shelf life.
Some flour helps blood.
Some flour is even imported.
Some flour is made of turnips.
Some flour makes from barley.
Some flour makes from highland barley.
Some flour makes from peels.
Some flour makes from plantain peels.
Some flour makes from roast barley.
Some flour makes from roast highland barley.
Some flour mixes with butters.
Some flours absorb more liquid than others.
Flourescent bulbs are fragile and can break easily , so be careful.
Flourescent bulbs are the worst as they lose almost all their energy within a few inches.
Flourescent colors retain their color in deep waters whereas other colors turn a shade of grey.
Flourescent light is also a good option.
Flourescent light is located in offices.
Flourescent light is preferred if it is indirect or for short periods.
Flourescent lights are a great source of electromagnetic radiation.
Flourescent lights are zone-switched.
Flourescent lighting is also harmful to paper.
Flourescent lighting is usually sufficient.
Flourescent lighting is very annoying to most netherworldly creatures.
Flourescent tubes contain a near vacuum with a little mercury vapor.
Flouride compounds can be very poisonous.
Many flourishing societies exist, and they are always keen to welcome new members.
Flourscent lights produce a spectrum with certain wavelengths missing.
Floury potatoes are best, especially new.
Flow analyses identify probable paths of water flow and so locations subject to erosion or flooding.
Flow banding is commonly present in the altered volcanic rocks.
Flow banding is evident.
Flow characteristics are important for pens and computer printers.
A flow chart is artificial language
Flow chart shows the development of club foot in a foal.
Flow charts act as a central repository for all data relating to a process.
Flow charts are helpful for organizing ideas and planning work flow.
Flow charts are ideal for explaining procedures.
Flow charts are visual aids that separate a company's system into individual stages.
Flow charts can also help.
Flow charts consist of a series of blocks with each block representing one major process.
Flow charts depict the sequential progression of logic required in creating an algorithm.
Flow charts round out the scene.
Flow charts use a special set of symbols.
Flow controls have positive linkage with infinite settings.
Flow controls piddle a little bit of water into a rinse tank continuously.
A flow diagram is artificial language
Flow diagrams are easy to follow, but difficult to learn.
Flow diagrams can be a useful method or capturing requirements.
Flow diagrams summarize procedures at a glance.
Flow fluid removes heat.
Flow lines are present on some surfaces.
Flow maps show a linear movement between places.
Flow marks are present on all surfaces.
Flow meter is back on line and working good.
Flow meters are also useful but are less common owing to their relatively high cost.
Flow meters are necessary to confirm system performance.
Flow meters monitor the press dewatering to characterize the performance of each felt.
Flow meters provide accurate information to both design and manage irrigation systems.
All flow of control enters the graph at node a and leaves at node h .
Flow points are the average time in service for officers being promoted to a specific rank.
Flow problems can be forward, backward, or bidirectional.
A flow rate is a rate
Flow rate includes captured, engine, spillage, bleed, and bypass flows.
Flow rate is adequate to remove contaminants.
Flow rate is calculated for various types of flow meters.
Flow rate is continuously variable across the flow rate range.
Flow rate is controlled by adjusting a globe valve located downstream of the pump.
Flow rate is controlled by adjusting the air pressure and is switched on and off by a solenoid.
Flow rate is controlled by pump speed in the standard system.
Flow rate is critical.
Flow rate is determined by multiplying speed by the size of the pillow.
Flow rate is easily adjustable from cabin.
Flow rate is equal to the cross-sectional area times the velocity.
Flow rate is measured by manometer readings taken across the orifice meter.
Flow rate is measured with calibrated orifice flow meters.
Flow rate is the primary factor that determines the variability of pollutant load.
Flow rate is up to three litres per minute.
Flow rate is varied by changing the power setting on the fan powerstat.
Flow rates are adjustable and measurable with probe insertion anemometer.
Flow rates are another area where plastic pipe has an advantage.
Flow rates are color coded.
Flow rates are easily selectable.
Flow rates are greatest in the center of the ice mass, least at rock contacts.
Flow rates are rates.
Flow rates are variable simply by adjusting the inlet air supply.
Flow rates vary from a few miles per hour to very fast in the rapids.
Flow rates vary from zero to hundreds of nanoliters per minute.
Flow sensors translate data into a linear voltage output that is proportional to flow rate.
Flow separation is believed to be the underlying cause of most flight dynamic phenomena.
Flow separation is written all over it, all rough water and no smooth layer.
Flow streams have energy.
Flow switches can also provide relay, voltage and frequency outputs.
Flow switches use the same principle as sensors, but switch a signal at the desired flow rate.
Flow symbols are a good way to illustrate special relationships and sequences of events.
FLOW TEST can store an infinite amount of flow files depending on hard drive space.
Flow variables are income, spending, and saving.
All flow variables depend upon only two independent variables, x and t .
Flow velocities vary widely due to the heterogeneous nature of the of the sequence.
Flow water has surfaces.
Flow affects algae in the following way.
Flow becomes turbulent and form lobes.
Flow can be in either direction without alteration of the pump construction.
Flow causes runs.
Flow ceases once overnight temperatures consistently remain above freezing.
Flow continues into the measurement section where experiments are conducted.
Flow continues thru the engine parts and back to the crankcase.
Flow creates power.
Flow depends on the ability to engage in intense concentration.
Flow enters each pathway after having passed through optional large vessel components.
Flow exceeds regulator capacity.
Flow exits the estuary during ebb tide.
Flow involves such aspects of movement as rigidity, stability, flexibility, and fluency.
Flow is a critical piece of the puzzle.
Flow is a function of the intersection between challenge and skills.
Flow is a function of water volume and velocity.
Flow is a highly focused state.
Flow is a kind of energy, but has no particular morality to it.
Flow is a method of behaving, characterized by little to no conscious calculations.
Flow is a moving target.
Flow is a touching depiction of an encounter between a donor family member and a recipient.
Flow is a type of motion.
Flow is about a gallon per minute as exposed at a bedrock outcrop.
Flow is about being one with life, allowing life.
Flow is adjustable by a front panel flowmeter.
Flow is adjustable, and unidirectional, so the water level in the trough never goes down.
Flow is also about love, about unconditional love of self.
Flow is also inversely related to uterine vascular resistance .
Flow is always from the source to the sink.
Flow is an optimal experience typically experienced during sports, games and hobbies.
Flow is anisotropic and can be focussed along high permeability layers and along fault planes.
Flow is associated with the network, entering and leaving at the nodes and passing through the arcs.
Flow is assumed to be laminar for the range of conditions of interest.
Flow is characterized by highly positive states and total involvement in activity.
Flow is confined to one channel below gage.
Flow is controlled by constant head reservoirs located at either end of the working section.
Flow is controlled by merely releasing pressure on the button and it absolutely prevents spills.
Flow is controlled by the subclavian artery rather than by the graft itself.
Flow is converted to velocity using geometries and pool elevations of the reaches.
Flow is critical in tabletting operations to ensure that no blockages or bridging occur.
Flow is defined as a person's total absorption into an activity.
Flow is depleted by diversion into various irrigation canals.
Flow is directed due to differences in pressure between the air in the lungs and atmospheric air.
Flow is directed through the enhancement marshes with sluice gates and wooden stop-log weirs.
Flow is distributed evenly across the width of the wetland cell.
Flow is driven by an elongate, plate-like source and equal but opposite sink.
Flow is erratic depending on rainfall in the watershed, but holes retain water year round.
Flow is faster of the upper surface of the wing and so the pressure is lower there.
Flow is filtered and particle free.
Flow is flow, whether down the avenue or between routers.
Flow is from bottom to top.
Flow is from left to right of photograph.
Flow is from left to right through the turbojet nozzle and from top to bottom for the rocket nozzle.
Flow is from left to right, and the wing's shadow partially obstructs the lower portion of the flow.
Flow is from left to right.
Flow is from right to left of photograph.
Flow is from right to left.
Flow is from the left to right.
Flow is from the outside in.
Flow is from under concrete slab.
Flow is from upstream to downstream during cardiac systole in the pulmonary vasculature.
Flow is good and is something to aim for when students are engaged in reading or writing activities.
Flow is good and the nib puts out a consistent, precise line.
Flow is good for fish.
Flow is good when basement window open.
Flow is good.
Flow is greater playing than singing.
Flow is hard to achieve without effort.
Flow is heavy.
Flow is horizontal form treatment cell in foreground to infiltration cell in background.
Flow is how much water moves through the system.
Flow is identified in the true and false lumens in the proximal portion of the dissection.
Flow is impaired during systole and unchanged during diastole.
Flow is impeded and turbulent, and small clots form in the smallest vessels of the extremities.
Flow is important.
Flow is in the X direction.
Flow is intercepted and pumped to an adjacent or downstream manhole.
Flow is interrupted and backpressure in the exhaust system increases.
Flow is left to right with jet axis along lower boundary.
Flow is left to right.
Flow is limited in an arc by the lower and upper bounds on flow.
Flow is maintained for quite some time.
Flow is marked on side of injector with an arrow.
Flow is measured in cubic metres per second.
Flow is measured in liters per second and the eroded soil is measured in kilograms.
Flow is moderate and the water level is good for wading.
Flow is moderate, water a little high, but well out of the bushes.
Flow is moderate, water is high, just coming out of the bushes.
Flow is moderate, water level is great.
Flow is moderate.
Flow is more difficult to measure accurately and continuously than is stage.
Flow is motion.
Flow is movement.
Flow is natural processes.
Flow is nearly horizontal in much of the aquifer.
Flow is nearly tantamount.
Flow is needed to ensure all geometries of submerged piece are washed with solution.
Flow is nice.
Flow is normal with patient at rest.
Flow is one thing.
Flow is onshore.
Flow is organic, metabolic, psychological, physiological, and spiritual.
Flow is out of the page towards the viewer.
Flow is over and under permafrost.
Flow is pressure difference divided by resistance.
Flow is quite good.
Flow is rates.
Flow is reduced.
Flow is regulated by a globe valve and monitored by a flow meter.
Flow is restricted at entrance to ditch.
Flow is sequential, linear, predictable.
Flow is slow and less.
Flow is slowest against the arterial wall and fastest in the middle of the stream.
Flow is solid and stopped.
Flow is sonic at the throat.
Flow is still fairly strongly equatorward but more convoluted in summer.
Flow is the combination of their tidal stream and current.
Flow is the continuation of movement with the absence of hesitation.
Flow is the number of gallons that pass through a system.
Flow is the optimum word here.
Flow is the other factor contributing to power production.
Flow is the outcome of practice and effort.
Flow is the rate water is being delivered to the sprinklers.
Flow is the term used when referring to the running or moving qualities of a glaze.
Flow is the volume of water moving past a point in a unit of time.
Flow is the volume of water that is moving past a given point in the river.
Flow is to the right along the top and to the left along the bottom.
Flow is toward each of the bounding rivers.
Flow is toward the female thread.
Flow is towards the base of the channel.
Flow is travel
Flow is turbulent and non-pulsating.
Flow is video games.
Flow Let the conversation flow.
Flow looks all the more trifling when included in the same program with the superb a.k.a.
Flow operates on both physical and mental tasks .
Flow operates on both physical and mental tasks.
FLOW provides objective and reproducible velocity, flow and derived data.
FLOW RACK to save more space, time, energy and labor.
Flow requires focus on the part of the designer.
Flow responds directly to our beliefs, behaviors, and actions.
FLOW seeks to position waterjets as the machine technology of the future.
Flow seems about the same or slightly better.
Flow seems collimated.
Flow seems to be experienced more often when a user visits a series of sites.
Flow tends to be flashy and intermittent, at times resembling mudflows more than streams.
Flow tends to occur when challenges are high and personal skills are used to the utmost.
Flow tends to result in personal growth.
Flow turns upward and runs along the top surface back towards the nozzle.
Flow varies considerably and the watershed is used extensively by muskrat, beaver and nesting ducks.
Flows allow the level of a stock to vary over time, making the model dynamic.
Flows are below average on the Saskatchewan River and the Churchill River.
Flows are big big big and the rivers in the area are all completely toast right now.
Flows are convection flows near the neutral sheet, and more field-aligned off the neutral sheet.
Flows are from every available source.
Flows are generally dependent upon natural runoff.
Flows are gentler outside the monsoon season.
Flows are high.
Flows are in millions of gallons per month.
Flows are landslides that behave like fluids.
Flows are low and what is gin clear.
Flows are low.
Flows are lowest, and water clarity the highest during the fall and winter seasons.
Flows are much different during wet weather conditions.
Flows are much stronger on spring tides and during periods of strong river flow.
Flows are now concentrated midstream over a natural bottom that easily passes fish.
Flows are pahoehoe or autobrecciated and commonly sparsely vesicular.
Flows are streams of multimedia data moving through a sequence of objects.
Flows are too high to run in the spring and summer.
Flows are too small to be a spring.
Flows are typically laminar, with intermittent episodes of strong turbulent mixing.
Flows are up somewhat with an increase in turbidity in Black Canyon.
Flows are usually too small to be a spring.
Flows can be very slow or can be exceedingly fast.
Flows change the stocks.
Flows determine feed rates and treatment time.
Flows drape over the scarp and extend onto tile surrounding plains.
Flows drape over the scarp and onto the surrounding plains.
Flows have broad characteristics.
Flows live long enough for routers to set accurate rate values.
Flows mobilize as a deforming, viscous mass without a discrete failure plane.
Flows occur among elements within the system, but there are also external exchanges, as well.
Flows occur due to the logic of how the system components are connected.
Flows occur in response to summer storms, here or on mesa.
Flows range from less than a meter to a few tens of meters thick.
Flows relate naturally to user tasks.
Flows start at different times.
Flows tend to be confined to valleys.
Flows tend to higher in the spring and lower in the summer.
Flows travel from a set of senders to a set of receivers.
Flows typically cover large areas.
Flow always stagnates on bodies.
All flow is stopped and a disconnection can be made.
All flows given are in cubic feet per second or in gauge height by feet.
All flows involve some redistribution of income.
More flow is diverted as the system pressure continues to increase above the set pressure.
Most flow entering the streams is shallow groundwater.
Most flow represents seepage and return flow from irrigated areas.
Most flows have sharp, jagged surfaces, crevices, and angular blocks characteristic of lava.
Some flows are very slow, and even the fastest flows eventually cool, slow, and stop.
Some flows consist entirely of entablature structure.
Some flows extend down to the sea.
Some flows involve a mixture of two physical phases.
More flowable concrete is said to have a higher slump.
A flowchart is artificial language
Flowchart is included.
Flowchart isa language.
Flowcharts aide in the understanding and analysis of complex processes.
Flowcharts allow teams to lay out the actual steps of work as it is done.
Flowcharts are a useful but somewhat antiquated design tool.
Flowcharts are after all, the illerate's form of documentation.
Flowcharts are an integral part of documentation.
Flowcharts are diagrams which help to organize the sequence of events in a program.
Flowcharts are diagrams.
Flowcharts are easy to follow and are a great visual tool.
Flowcharts are one of the best friends of a database designer.
Flowcharts are simple but useful tools in solving problems in the workplace.
Flowcharts are the illiterate's form of documentation.
Flowcharts are useful in identifying risks inherent in processes, such as drug or weapons searches.
Flowcharts are visual tools that help all levels within a company understand processes.
Flowcharts are, after all, the illiterate's form of documentation.
Flowcharts assume a certain level of knowledge, and are set out in a potentially confusing manner.
Flowcharts Comparing two population means.
Flowcharts contain standard symbols.
Flowcharts describe the orthodontic treatment of the individual patient step by step.
Flowcharts give an overall picture and open the door for improvements.
Flowcharts graphically describe a process.
Flowcharts help determine the best course of action to take.
Flowcharts provide a visual picture of a process.
Flowcharts serve as a quick review of appropriate first aid procedures.
Flowcharts work great for building small programs.
Flower anemone means forsaken.
A flower arrangement is an arrangement
A flower arrangement is decoration
Flower arrangement ca.
Flower arrangements are arrangements.
Flower arrangements are configurations.
Flower arrangements are decoration.
Flower arrangements are for sale in the shop.
Flower arrangements are hand-made, and as such no two are ever identical .
Flower arrangements are in vases or placed in floral foam or oasis.
Flower arrangements are located in tables.
Flower arrangements placed in the church ought to remain in the church following the wedding.
Flower arrangements stimulate the eyes and nose.
A flower bed is a bed
Flower beds adorn the front space of the rectangular-shaped building.
Flower beds are an ideal use of the greywater irrigation and purification planters.
Flower beds are everywhere, many designed to provide color throughout the year.
Flower beds are located in parks.
Flower beds are ready for planting.
Flower beds enclosed by a paper wall require less watering during dry periods.
Flower beds take on extra excitement when they are lit.
Most flower beds show only one type of blossom.
Flower beetles are the primary lotus pollinators, with bees also playing a role.
Flower blight is common.
Flower boxes appear in front of every window.
Flower boxes hold lovely colorful plants on each level.
A flower bud is a bud
Flower buds abort and drop off just before they open.
Flower buds abort and yields are poor.
Flower buds appear in the growing tip of the plant.
Flower buds appear soon after leaves on current season's growth.
Flower buds are a favorite feeding site of thrips.
Flower buds are a purple-pink and as the flowers open turn a good shade of pink.
Flower buds are also tasty when boiled.
Flower buds are blackened while flower clusters become limp and brown.
Flower buds are blasted and fall before opening.
Flower buds are buds.
Flower buds are clustered at the tips of broccoli stems.
Flower buds are coppery brown, opening to yellow-orange flowers.
Flower buds are coral.
Flower buds are dark crimson.
Flower buds are edible and make a colorful addition to salads.
Flower buds are edible.
Flower buds are erect and flowers are sessile with reflexed sepals and purplish or crimson petals.
Flower buds are flowers.
Flower buds are formed in the year previous to flowering and are enclosed in the winter bud.
Flower buds are globose and stalked, and leaf buds are elongated and nearly sessile.
Flower buds are highly aromatic, greenish to pink clustered at the end of the branch.
Flower buds are less hardy than the leaf buds.
Flower buds are light green.
Flower buds are like little Japanese lanterns.
Flower buds are long, narrow, and scrolled, and beautiful in their own right.
Flower buds are made up of a short stem with embryonic flower parts.
Flower buds are marginally cold hardy in northern areas.
Flower buds are much larger than the leaf buds.
Flower buds are often misshapen, and bulb scales are shrunken.
Flower buds are pale pink, opening to white flowers.
Flower buds are pink opening to a white flower.
Flower buds are pink opening to white and often appear prior to the emergence of the foliage.
Flower buds are pink opening to white flowers.
Flower buds are pink to purplish, turning blue when the flower opens.
Flower buds are plum and rounded while vegetative buds are smaller and pointed.
Flower buds are prominent, terminally borne, and enclosed in prominent bud scales.
Flower buds are red and flowers are single and pink.
Flower buds are set for all spring blooming plants now.
Flower buds are some of the least cold-hardy parts of the tree.
Flower buds are unexpanded blossoms.
Flower buds are usually dwarfed and yellow.
Flower buds are usually larger and rounder than leaf buds.
Flower buds are usually plumper than leaf buds and on the terminal ends of branches.
Flower buds are visible about five weeks after emergence.
Flower buds can grow out of the stem when the stalk is cut.
Flower buds come in three's.
Flower buds covered with the fungus either fail to open or open improperly.
Flower buds develop the year prior to actual flowering and fruit production.
Flower buds die without opening.
Flower buds erect.
Flower buds form on plant runners as they begin to climb a trellis.
Flower buds have thick, fleshy scales and solid centers.
Flower buds make a fine addition to herb butter.
Flower buds produce blossoms.
Flower buds rise above the leaves.
Flower buds round.
Flower buds start to form in about six weeks.
Flower buds turn brown and die before they open.
Flower buds winterkill in cold winters.
Some flower buds look like broccoli stalks.
Some flower buds look like stalks.
Some flower buds look like tiny stalks.
Flower bulbs are almost fool proof.
Flower bulbs are also perfect for combining with other plants in containers.
Flower bulbs are attention getters, easily anchoring large-scale green areas.
Flower bulbs can be a reminder year after year to a special teacher.
Flower bulbs prefer neutral pH soil.
Flower bulbs rely very heavily on their leaves to channel energy to the bulb.
Some flower bulbs buried in the dirt get it.
A flower child is a person
Most flower children sit with their parents after completing their stroll.
Flower color can be almost any combination of white, pink, red, magenta and purple.
Flower color can be blue, pink and white.
Flower color can be violet, blue, red, salmon and sometimes white.
Flower color can vary with weather and become more gray than tan.
Flower color depends on variety and is purple, pink or white.
Flower color includes orange, salmon, shades of pink, shades of red, white and lilac.
Flower color includes red, pink, salmon, and white.
Flower color includes white, yellow, pink, orange, salmon, and red.
Flower color is a velvety dark green and the open blooms are cupped.
Flower color is basically an off white or cream color.
Flower color is blue in acid soil and rose-pink in a neutral or slightly alkaline soil.
Flower color is bright blue to lavender, with the lower lip flecked with tiny dark spots.
Flower color is changeable depending on the weather.
Flower color is determined by a pair of alleles which are located on a different chromosome.
Flower color is greenish red and appear in early spring.
Flower color is lilac with white tips.
Flower color is only one of the elements to consider.
Flower color is orange.
Flower color is pink, red, and copper.
Flower color is predominantly medium pink and plant color is dark green.
Flower color is purple and blue.
Flower color is related to the aluminum available to the plant.
Flower color is the result of mixing the two pigments in different proportions.
Flower color is variable from soft washed-out pink to deep purplish magenta.
Flower color is white to pale pink.
Flower color is white with light yellow anthers.
Flower color ranges from almost white to light red.
Flower color ranges from bright red to light pink.
Flower color ranges from hot pink to cerise.
Flower color ranges from nearly white to pale pink.
Flower color ranges from pure, clear yellows to gold, orange, bronze, deep red and maroon.
Flower color ranges from white through pink to a purplish pink, occasionally with some green.
Flower color ranges from white to a rich burgundy, some with speckles.
Flower color ranges from white to pink and shades of bluish-purple.
Flower color ranges from white to pink.
Flower color ranges from white to red.
Flower color ranges from white, to pink, and shades of purple.
Flower color seems to be secondary in Episcia breeding.
Flower color varies and depends on species.
Flower color varies from cool medium pink to white.
Flower color varies from creamy white to pink or crimson in some varieties of Tartarian honeysuckle.
Flower color varies from pale yellow to deep orange.
Flower color varies from purple to a deep reddish pink.
Flower color varies from purple to a deep reddish-pink.
Flower color varies from shades of pink to purple.
Flower color varies from white to red.
Flower color varies from white, pink, purple to deep red on different plants.
Flower colors are a mixture of pink, rose, and purple bicolors.
Flower colors are available in every shade except pure white and blue.
Flower colors are available in shades of white, pink, and red.
Flower colors are available in yellow and orange.
Flower colors are crimson, rose, pink, yellow, lavender, and white.
Flower colors are incredible.
Flower colors are light pink and deep rose pink, respectively.
Flower colors are mainly deep pinks, crimsons and purples.
Flower colors are mostly white and yellow, but some kinds have orange, pink or red coronas.
Flower colors are predominately lilac-blue to white.
Flower colors are quite diverse but tend toward pinks, purples and whites.
Flower colors are red, orange and yellow.
Flower colors are red, pink and white with red strains.
Flower colors are rose, crimson, pink and white.
Flower colors are shades of white, lavender, rose, purple, and pink.
Flower colors are somewhat limited, mainly blue, purple, and white.
Flower colors are subtle, blushed, creamy pastels.
Flower colors are usually pink, red or white.
Flower colors are usually pink, red, salmon or white.
Flower colors are variable, mainly shades of yellow, orange, and red.
Flower colors are vibrant red, pink, white, lavender, and true blue.
Flower colors are white and shades of pink, red and purple.
Flower colors are white to orange to red.
Flower colors are white with a tinge of pink, turning purplish-rose and green with age.
Flower colors are white, yellow, red- orange or pink.
Flower colors are yellow, orange and mahogany-red.
Flower colors are yellow, orange, and mahogany-red.
Flower colors can be red, blue, white or violet.
Flower colors fade in and out and most blooms last over a week.
Flower colors range from blue to white and pink.
Flower colors range from dark red to light green.
Flower colors range from palest pink to crimson on the same plant.
Flower colors range from purple to red, pink and white.
Flower colors range from red to orange to yellow.
Flower colors range from white through pastel shades of pink to red and purple.
Flower colors range from white to pink to reddish purple.
Flower colors range from white to purple to pink to deep red.
Flower colors range from white, cream, pink to vivid red.
Flower colors range from yellow to orange.
Flower colors range from yellow, to rich orange to dull red and even brown.
Flower colors range from yellow, to rich orange, to dull red and even brown.
Flower colors range in shades of deep maroon, lavender-blue, rose, pink and white.
Flower colors range in shades of lavender, red, rose, or white.
Flower colors range in shades of pink, rose, red, white, scarlet, purple and some that are bi-color.
Flower colors vary according to variety, most often white, blue, violet, purple, or yellow.
Flower colors vary from white to red to dark purple.
Flower colors vary from whites through reds, purples, and blues.
Flower colors vary with soils, rainfall, and, of course, genetics.
Flower colors vary, depending on variety, from lavender, through light purple to red.
Many flower colors are available with both leaf colors.
Many flower colors are available, including shades of lavender, pink and cream.
Some flower color attracts pollinators.
Flower colour is a purplish red with a tube sometimes paler and the anthers yellow.
Flower colour is also different, G .
Flower colour is lighter thant most forms of either parent.
Flower colour is mostly white to pinkish or yellowish.
Flower colour is quite variable, ranging from yellow through orange to red.
Flower colour is slightly variable from pale rose-pink to shell pink.
Flower colour is usually blue to blue-violet.
Flower colour is usually reddish purple although a yellow form is known.
Flower colour is variable ranging from greenish yellow through to orange and red.
Flower colour is variable ranging from pale blue, dark blue, purple, lavender-blue to white.
Flower colour is white.
Flower colour ranges from light pastels to bold colours.
Flower colour ranges from red as the most popular, to pink, white, yellow and mixed.
Flower colour ranges from white, through cream and pink to bright red.
Flower colour varies from light to dark green.
Flower colour varies from pale purple to medium purple.
Flower colour varies from pink to brick red.
Flower colours are almost universally shades of yellow, ranging from pale through to golden.
Flower colours are unnamed but include white, pink and red.
Flower colours encompass the entire spectrum, except for a true blue.
Flower colours range from canary yellow to red.
Flower colours range from cream to pink and purple.
Flower colours range from whitish-yellow to deep red.
Flower colours tend to the blue and pink tones.
Flower colours tend to the pastels in the red spectrum.
Flower containers can be as elegant as a crystal vase or as everyday as a tin can.
Flower delivery is available in and out of town.
Flower differentiation is triggered by carbohydrate levels in the vine.
Flower essences act on the electrical systems of our animal companions.
Flower Essences are a fascinating and powerful way to work with plants for healing.
Flower essences are a gentle way of using the essences of plants in water.
Flower essences are a perfect complement to many of today's health practices.
Flower essences are a timely healing modality.
Flower essences are a vibrational remedy.
Flower essences are also wonderful remedies to have on hand.
Flower Essences are available in most health food stores and by mail order.
Flower essences are full of the life force energy released from flowers at their peak blooming time.
Flower Essences are homeopathic-type remedies that come in a liquid base.
Flower essences are infusions of flowers in water.
Flower essences are know for their ability to assist with certain negative emotions.
Flower essences are liquid, non-toxic, vibrational remedies made by flowers.
Flower essences are most effective when taken in small amounts throughout the day.
Flower essences are powerful healing tools yet they are gentle and non-toxic.
Flower Essences are powerful healing tools yet they are gentle and nontoxic.
Flower essences are prepared with living flowers that impregnate spring water with their essence.
Flower essences are prominent in the practice of aromatherapy.
Flower essences are safe and powerful catalysts that anyone can use.
Flower Essences are safe, natural and non-toxic.
Flower essences are subtle energy patterns imprinted into water and have no fragrance.
Flower essences are the catalysts in the balancing process.
Flower essences are tinctures of flower petals that help heal emotions.
Flower Essences are tools to enhance an individual's spiritual and inner growth.
Flower Essences are vibrational medicines, hence their effect on emotional states.
Flower essences are water-based solutions which contain the essential energies of flowers.
Flower essences can ease the emotional and mental stresses of surgery.
Flower essences can provide helpful light, energy and support in almost any situation.
Flower essences can widen the frequency response of the mind.
Flower essences contain the life-force energy released from flowers at the peak of their bloom.
Flower essences contain the life-force energy released from flowers in the peak of their bloom.
Flower essences enjoy a reputation of being both highly effective and very safe to use.
Flower Essences have no known side effects.
Flower essences have no side effects and can combine with any treatment of traditional medicine.
Flower essences help break the patterns of attracting responses to our negative emotions.
Flower essences help in that excellently.
Flower essences help the physical by clearing out emotional issues.
Flower essences offer our electrical system an alternative way to vibrate.
Flower essences restore the authentic masculine and authentic feminine to right relationship.
Flower essences unlock our inherent positive qualities such as love, courage and joy.
Flower essences work directly with both the electrical and the central nervous systems.
Flower essences work to heal both physical, mental and emotional illness.
All flower essences work on the mental level to cure the physical ailments.
Flower evergreen shrubs occur in regions.
Flower Fairies are a special gift that all ages enjoy collecting.
Flower Fairies have stories to tell.
Flower fairies love to dance and play, one of their favorite games is hide and seek.
Flower festivals are labour-intensive.
Flower festivals can take up to five years to plan, or they can be a nine-week wonder.
Flower flies are easy to find during the summer in Kentucky.
Most flower flies feed on aphids, grasping their prey and sucking out the body fluids.
Some flower flies are parasitic, laying eggs on the eggs of harmful insects.
Flower fruit provides values.
A flower garden is a garden
Flower gardens are a sickly brown.
Flower gardens are gardens.
Flower gardens are great, but so are vegetable gardens.
Flower gardens are located in universities.
Flower gardens burst with color.
All flower gardens can happily include different types of plants.
Flower gardening are gardening.
A flower girl is a girl
A flower girl is an assistant
Flower girls are usually between the ages of three and eight.
Most flower girls are over three years of age.
A flower head is an inflorescence
Flower head bracts bear stiff, sharp thorns inch long.
Flower head bracts have dark fringe at top resembling a spot.
Flower head is a brown colour.
Flower head is a cluster of bright orange flowers.
Flower heads are a folk remedy for minor ocular inflammations.
Flower heads are about two inches across.
Flower heads are abundant, inch wide, and generally solitary on branch tips.
Flower heads are blue with showy silvery bracts.
Flower heads are daisy-like.
Flower heads are dome-shaped and resemble miniature pineapples.
Flower heads are erect, but then become nodding with age.
Flower heads are excellent in dried arrangements.
Flower heads are extremely long lasting.
Flower heads are in dense terminal clusters.
Flower heads are inflorescences.
Flower heads are large-arising atop a tall, coarse stem.
Flower heads are numerous, yellow, and appear in corymbs.
Flower heads are pink, purple, red, or white.
Flower heads are purple with a white tip.
Flower heads are purplish-brown in the center, with yellow rays about an inch long.
Flower heads are several to numerous.
Flower heads are small and numerous.
Flower heads are small but numerous in large clusters.
Flower heads are small, borne in the axils of leaves and ends of branches.
Flower heads are solitary or, more often, in few to many-flowered terminal clusters.
Flower heads are unusually large and appear very early.
Flower heads are usually separate from each other on the stem.
Flower heads are usually short spikes or umbels with numerous small individual flowers in the head.
Flower heads are white with yellow.
Flower heads are yellow and about an inch wide.
Flower heads dry and hold color well.
Flower heads dry nicely, retaining their shape and color for use in arrangements and herbal wreaths.
Flower heads have purple rays and a raised, spiny center.
Flower heads make long-lasting cut flowers.
Flower heads remaining on old stems can aid with species identification.
Flower heads turn greyish pink and crimsom in autumn.
Flower heads vary in colour through cream, pale yellow to gold.
Many flower heads aggregate into flat-topped clusters located at the ends of branches.
Many flower heads are too heavy for their stems to endure during the drying process.
Many flower heads form a cluster of flowers.
Some flower heads are also positively phototropic.
Some flower heads have discs.
Some flower heads look like flowers.
Some flower heads look like single flowers.
Flower holders Tie plastic hair-rollers together in a bunch to support cut flowers.
Flowers of Shanghai has a pace and vision distinct from most contemporary films.
Flower oil is extracted as soon as the jasmine blossoms are harvested.
A flower petal is a leaf
Flower petals are a substitute for saffron.
Flower petals are a very important part of flowers.
Flower petals are edible and a fine addition to soups, potages, salads, or as a garnish.
Flower petals are fringed giving the blooms a ragged look.
Flower petals are purple, and the center of the flower is white or yellow.
Flower petals are sometimes pink.
Flower petals coat the forest floor.
Flower petals fall off plants.
Flower petals flow into colorful abstracts.
Flower petals have black dots on their margins.
Flower petals possess an above average frost resistance.
Flower petals reduce the fitness of male sterile dandelion plants.
Flower petals show soft, water-soaked areas which turn brown.
Flower petals stay on plants.
Most flower petals fall off plants.
Most flower petals stay on plants.
Some flower petals attract insects.
Some flower petals attract pollinate insects.
Some flower petals expose pollen.
Some flower petals look like faces.
Some flower petals look like human faces.
Some flower petals reflect ultraviolet light in startling patterns.
Flower plants adapt to life.
Flower plants are distinguished from plants.
Flower plants attract attention.
Flower plants attract pollinators.
Flower plants belong to families.
Flower plants belong to genus.
Flower plants belong to taxonomic genus.
Flower plants exhibit plant reproduction.
Flower plants exhibit reproduction.
Flower plants grow from seeds.
Flower plants grow on floors.
Flower plants grow on forest floors.
Flower plants have cotyledons.
Flower plants have embryonic seeds.
Flower plants have flowers.
Flower plants have leaves.
Flower plants have seeds.
Flower plants have single cotyledons.
Flower plants have taproots.
Flower plants have vessels.
Flower plants include hardwood trees.
Flower plants include trees.
Flower plants need light.
Flower plants need red light.
Flower plants obtain nutrition.
Flower plants possess leaves.
Flower plants produce flowers.
Flower plants produce nectar.
Flower plants produce plants.
Flower plants produce seeds.
Flower plants provide nectar.
Flower plants release seeds.
Flower plants rely on pollen.
Flower plants require double fertilization.
Flower plants require fertilization.
Flower plants undergo growth.
Flower plants undergo vegetative growth.
Flower plants use sunlight.
Most flower plants adapt to life.
Most flower plants are distinguished from plants.
Most flower plants attract attention.
Most flower plants attract pollinators.
Most flower plants belong to families.
Most flower plants belong to genus.
Most flower plants belong to taxonomic genus.
Most flower plants exhibit reproduction.
Most flower plants grow from seeds.
Most flower plants grow on floors.
Most flower plants grow on forest floors.
Most flower plants have cotyledons.
Most flower plants have embryonic seeds.
Most flower plants have flowers.
Most flower plants have leaves.
Most flower plants have seeds.
Most flower plants have single cotyledons.
Most flower plants have taproots.
Most flower plants have vessels.
Most flower plants obtain nutrition.
Most flower plants possess leaves.
Most flower plants produce flowers.
Most flower plants produce nectar.
Most flower plants produce plants.
Most flower plants produce seeds.
Most flower plants provide nectar.
Most flower plants rely on pollen.
Most flower plants require double fertilization.
Most flower plants require fertilization.
Most flower plants undergo growth.
Most flower plants undergo vegetative growth.
Most flower plants use sunlight.
Some flower plants attract hummingbirds.
Some flower plants become dominant plant life.
Some flower plants become life.
Some flower plants become plant life.
Some flower plants contain plants.
Some flower plants contain seeds.
Some flower plants depend on animals.
Some flower plants form buds.
Some flower plants form flower buds.
Some flower plants grow feet.
Some flower plants grow to feet.
Some flower plants have different nutrient requirements.
Some flower plants have different requirements.
Some flower plants have heat.
Some flower plants have nutrient requirements.
Some flower plants have requirements.
Some flower plants have tissue.
Some flower plants have vascular tissue.
Some flower plants offer biological potency.
Some flower plants offer potency.
Some flower plants offer significant potency.
Some flower plants possess cotyledons.
Some flower plants produce bulbs.
Some flower plants produce distinct organs.
Some flower plants produce fruit.
Some flower plants produce green peas.
Some flower plants produce organs.
Some flower plants produce peas.
Some flower plants produce reproductive organs.
Some flower plants produce tropical fruit.
Some flower plants provide food.
Some flower plants rely on animals.
Some flower plants require variation.
Some flower plants serve as food.
Some flower plants solve problems.
Flower pot is revealed as Roman coffin.
Flower pots are an omen of little money, but much joy and laughter.
Flower pots are located in porchs.
Flower pots are located in windowsills.
Flower pots flank the sanctuary door.
Flower pots work quite well, actually.
Flower power is a fabulous way to say thanks to cheery collaborators always up to the task.
Flower power is counterculture
Flower power is no substitute for integrity.
Flower presses can either be store bought or made at home.
Flower roses produce seeds.
Flower seed plants produce flowers.
Flower shops place a noticeably greater number of more alluring bunches on the sidewalks.
Flower shows are open to the public.
Flower spikes appear in late summer at the terminal of the stem.
Flower spikes are a dark, violet-purple.
Flower spikes are lilac in the summer.
Flower spikes are often tinted purple.
Flower spikes are quite large and both foliage and flowers have delightful fragrances.
Flower spikes are quite long-lasting and real showstoppers in the garden.
Flower spikes are tall and appear from late spring to early summer.
Flower spikes are true yellow and rise above the foliage.
Flower spikes arise from leaf axils and project about the surface of the water.
Flower spikes arise from the lower part of the stem.
Flower spikes come in red, orange, pink and yellow.
Flower spikes emerge in late spring.
Flower spikes go to two feet with lavendar flowers from spring till winter.
Flower spikes make lovely cut flowers.
Flower spikes persist into winter.
Some flower spikes reach height.
A flower stalk is a stem
Flower stalk begins to bend.
Flower stalk begins to elongate.
Flower stalk curves over to protect primary bud.
Flower stalk is scaly.
Flower stalk straightens out.
Flower stalk towers over leaves and bears numerous tiny yellow flowers in early summer.
Flower stalk towers over leaves.
Flower stalks are a nuisance, and produce small black seeds which sprout everywhere.
Flower stalks are at the leaf axils.
Flower stalks are dwarfed, curled, and twisted.
Flower stalks are light green and sparsely to densely short-hairy.
Flower stalks are long and slender and terminate in a single flower.
Flower stalks are rare with softneck garlic.
Flower stalks are short and flowers are streaked with white.
Flower stalks are slender and hairless.
Flower stalks are stunted and flowers are malformed.
Flower stalks have production.
Flower stalks have seed production.
Flower stalks produce flowers.
Flower stalks produce seeds.
Flower stalks produce shape flowers.
Flower stalks range from four to seven feet tall.
Flower stalks reach height.
Flower stalks shoot up from the plant, rising two feet or more.
Flower stalks support flowers.
Flower stalks support solitary flowers.
Flower stalks tastes like olives and artichokes.
Most flower stalks have production.
Most flower stalks have seed production.
Most flower stalks produce flowers.
Most flower stalks produce seeds.
Most flower stalks produce shape flowers.
Most flower stalks reach height.
Flower stamens contain pollen.
Flower stem is taller than leaves.
Flower stems are broadly winged.
Flower stems are stunted.
Flower stems are up to several feet tall.
Flower stems are usually erect and the flowers are solitary or sometimes borne several to a stem.
Flower stems bear flowers.
Flower stems bear single flowers.
Flower stems have leaves.
Flower symbolism is relied on heavily and actually well explained in the book.
Flower trees thrive in locations.
Most flower trees thrive in locations.
Some flower trees provide food.
Some flower trees survive in conditions.
Flower water makes a soothing gargle and when strained makes an excellent eye wash.
A flower is a seed plant
Flower appears in late spring or early summer, and is followed by single leaf.
Flower are bright red pouched with small lobes.
Flower are bright, colorful and delicate living beings.
Flower are numerous, petals inconspicuous, in short cylindrical spikes at ends of stems.
Flower are perfect, showy, and borne in terminal panicles.
Flower beds around the shelter are, for the most part, maintenance free.
Flower bud cold hardiness.
Flower clusters a loose raceme.
Flower clusters large com- pound cymes.
Flower come in many forms and colours, but all have similar parts.
Flower consists of a stalk and floral leaves.
Flower FAQs From alstromeria to yarrow.
Flower flocking halter top comes with matching thong.
Flower gets along with everyone.
Flower give Chain to love after the arizona cardinals collectibles once threaten down the skirt.
Flower give Chain to love after the youth football jerseys once threaten down the skirt.
Flower growing on Maui is competitive.
Flower growing seasons have peaks and valleys.
Flower has a large pink rhinestone in the center.
Flower has a light fruity fragrance and blooms at an early age.
Flower has both male and female reproductive organs.
Flower has five petals, bright orange small cluters of pistils and stamen at center.
Flower has large soft pink petals and yellow center.
Flower is a black and white female.
Flower is a creamy white spike in summer.
Flower is a deeper yellow than appears in photo.
Flower is a green burr.
Flower is a plant organ for sexual reproduction in angiosperms.
Flower is a shocking neon pink.
Flower is a soft tangerine.
Flower is a solitary head, round, and white on a long stem.
Flower is a solitary, showy, funnel shaped unfurling spathe.
Flower is a special needs kitty.
Flower is a sweet, energetic pup.
Flower is a very sweet dog.
Flower is about an inch in diameter.
Flower is an interesting personality.
Flower is born on the bare branch before leafing occurs.
Flower is bright yellow with a brown center and is daisy-like.
Flower is clear medium pink.
Flower is composed of six petals.
Flower is deep rose.
Flower is detachable.
Flower is greenish yellow.
Flower is in red, greasy yellow, light green and dark green beads.
Flower is intact.
Flower is large and showy.
Flower is large, showy, pink, self-fertile.
Flower is large, yellow, and dandelion-like.
Flower is light lavender-pink.
Flower is more coral-shaded than the picture shows.
Flower is more of the snuggler of the pair and purrs up a storm.
Flower is much longer.
Flower is nicely veined and recurved.
Flower is no doubt one of Zimbabwe's great cricketers, both, on and off the field.
Flower is pink to purple.
Flower is pollinated and fertilization occurs.
Flower is reproductive structure of angiosperm.
Flower is rose to reddish-purple.
Flower is round and heavily textured with a good bud count.
Flower is small and white.
Flower is small.
Flower is solitary and bluish- purple.
Flower is solitary and bluish-purple.
Flower is solitary, yellow and dandelion-like.
Flower is the reproductive part of a plant.
Flower is the sagebrush.
Flower is the white violet, national symbol is the crown.
Flower is too low on vase.
Flower is very small but enclosed in showy bract.
Flower is white and grows out of a bulb-like case.
Flower is white streaked glass with amber center and intense green leaves.
Flower is white, and exfoliating bark is exceptional.
Flower is white.
Flower is yellow in winter to early spring.
Flower is yellow.
Flower is yellowish to red.
Flower isa plant part.
Flower Look at that pretty flower.
Flower looks like swamp rose, leaves and berries kind of look like grapes.
Flower looks more like a peony than a typical daffodil.
Flower makes people happy and easily.
Flower opens at dawn and closes at night.
Flower opens white, turns blue.
Flower presses that are functional and attractive.
Flower pressing is fun for all ages.
Flower pressing is very rewarding because of the potential for change and variety.
Flower Pressing Secrets Learn how to press flowers successfully for fun and profit.
Flower replace beside none nation either work walking exercises.
Flower represents the total picture of harmony.
Flower resembles a colorful Mexican sombrero.
Flower resembles a pipe.
Flower scales without awns or bristles.
Flower sconces on both sides of the mirror are in keeping with blossoming outdoor foliage.
Flower show with residents viewing displays.
Flower shows annually.
Flower sings a haunting theme which captivates all the dinosaurs.
Flower sings a song of teenage angst.
Flower spikes medium height among foliage.
Flower spikes pale and wilt.
Flower spikes shorter.
Flower spikes white, mature to tan.
Flower spikes with many small purple flowers emerge from the plant in mid summer.
Flower stays open very late in the day.
Flower stems and leaves are green because they contain chloroplasts.
Flower stems are black.
Flower stems are in nearly constant motion from even the slightest breeze.
Flower stems extend the height somewhat.
Flower stems protrude well above the foliage.
Flower stems sticky.
Flower stems succulent, juicy.
Flower supports add strength and flexibility to the stem allowing the flower to be gently bent.
Flower suppose amid an newsletter since deceive georgia automobile dealerships.
Flower suppose amid an newsletter since deceive hidden auto warranty.
Flower suppose amid an newsletter since deceive honda prelude si.
Flower suppose amid an newsletter since deceive infinity autos.
Flower turns grey or black prematurely.
Flower vases, in many shapes and sizes as functional items are available for sale.
Flower vases, plant plates, receptacles, rainwater and gully traps within bathrooms invite breeding.
Flower walk elsewhere despite many second.
Flowers abound every month of the year.
Flowers abound everywhere.
Flowers abound in summer, and the winter landscape is enhanced by wildlife.
Flowers abound in the gardens that front many of the homes along the way.
Flowers abound, adding to what is in any case an enjoyable outing.
Flowers abound, and the perfectly manicured fairways and greens are adorned with creeks and ponds.
Flowers absorb sunlight.
Flowers act as attractants to much of the animal world, whether with beauty, odor, or food.
Flowers actinomor- phic, solitary or in cymes.
Flowers actually has one of the suspense-building moments.
Flowers actually use a form of sexual reproduction.
Flowers add a finishing touch.
Flowers add a signature touch to any dish, and make food for any occasion special.
Flowers add a touch of charm or elegance to any room.
Flowers add beauty to the office and in return are a great way to market the florist's business.
Flowers add beauty, color, and fragrance to the ceremony and reception.
Flowers add color to an entrance and are also an enhancement to the overall look of the exterior.
Flowers add color to xeriscape yards and Gardens.
Flowers add color.
Flowers add energy to a home with their colors and shapes.
Flowers add so much beauty to life.
Flowers adorn an adjustable metal headband.
Flowers adorn the base and someone has hung a rosary from the tree.
Flowers adorn the freshest designs.
Flowers adorn the stairs leading to the second story.
Flowers adorn the trees prior to or during leaf emergence.
Flowers adorn the waistline with ribbon accents.
Flowers advertise themselves by either scent or display.
Flowers affect our lives in numerous ways.
Flowers also abound.
Flowers also adorn the neck of a tattooed Yapese man, above right.
Flowers also are taller now to compete with the native grasses.
Flowers also assist the pollinator in finding where the pollen or nectar is stored.
Flowers also attract pollinating insects to the garden.
Flowers also attract pollinators by scent and color.
Flowers also has an extensive military career.
Flowers also have a female part called the pistil.
Flowers also have a high mark up.
Flowers also have a special place in feng shui design.
Flowers also have good edibility and the young shoots can be peeled and cooked like asparagus.
Flowers also make an interesting offering, or small picture frames.
Flowers also occur in a wide array of colors, sizes and types.
Flowers also play a leading role in the Lunar New Year tradition.
Flowers also provide an excellent backdrop for photographs.
Flowers also recommends insuring with a financially solid company.
Flowers also remain submersed throughout the year.
Flowers also take up warm water better.
Flowers also vary in texture, as does foliage.
Flowers appear above the clump of foliage.
Flowers appear after melting of snow.
Flowers appear all year.
Flowers appear and videotapes and wonderful gifts and presents.
Flowers appear as beautiful purple stars with yellow central parts.
Flowers appear at ground level near the base of the leaves.
Flowers appear at various sides of the spike.
Flowers appear before leaves and are a brilliant purple-pink.
Flowers appear before leaves.
Flowers appear before or with the leaves and last several weeks.
Flowers appear before the leaves, in clusters along braches of the previous year's growth.
Flowers appear before the leaves.
Flowers appear during springs.
Flowers appear during summer.
Flowers appear early in the spring before the foliage.
Flowers appear first year.
Flowers appear from autumn to spring and are frequented by honey-eating birds.
Flowers appear from late spring well into the summer, especially at high elevations.
Flowers appear in bursts throughout the warm months.
Flowers appear in clusters at the end of the main stem in late summer.
Flowers appear in clusters at the ends of branches.
Flowers appear in cone-like heads and are greenish in color.
Flowers appear in early spring, producing dense clusters of tiny yellow flowers.
Flowers appear in early spring.
Flowers appear in early springs.
Flowers appear in early summer and are a brilliant reddish-purple.
Flowers appear in early summer.
Flowers appear in early to mid-spring.
Flowers appear in late spring and continue into summer in cool areas.
Flowers appear in late spring and early summer in Florida and the fruiting season is in midsummer.
Flowers appear in late spring at the base of the leaf stem, and are small, yellow and insignificant.
Flowers appear in late spring or early summer.
Flowers appear in late spring to early summer on stalks above the foliage.
Flowers appear in late spring to summer and are highly scented.
Flowers appear in late spring, followed by reddish-black fruit.
Flowers appear in late springs.
Flowers appear in late summer and fall.
Flowers appear in late summer with the berries present over winter.
Flowers appear in late summer.
Flowers appear in march and are purplish to blue, two lipped and grow in axillary whorls of six.
Flowers appear in midspring.
Flowers appear in mid-summer.
Flowers appear in open umbels of up to ten flowers in late spring.
Flowers appear in rays in shades of yellow, orange and gold.
Flowers appear in rows and clusters along the fences and in the yards.
Flowers appear in second year.
Flowers appear in spring and are yellowish green.
Flowers appear in spring and early summer in warm zones and mid to late summer in cooler areas.
Flowers appear in spring and last throughout the summer.
Flowers appear in spring and often through fall.
Flowers appear in spring and through fall.
Flowers appear in spring and throughout the warm months in South Florida.
Flowers appear in spring as large, tulip-shaped, solitary blooms at the ends of the branchlets.
Flowers appear in spring on the terminal ends of Spanish moss strands.
Flowers appear in spring.
Flowers appear in springs.
Flowers appear in summer as whorls on the ends of branches and are either white or lavender.
Flowers appear in summer.
Flowers appear in the early summer and occur sporadically thereafter.
Flowers appear in the spring and are inconspicuous.
Flowers appear in the summer.
Flowers appear in typical umbels in summer.
Flowers appear later in the spring season thus avoiding destruction by late spring frosts.
Flowers appear mainly during the morning hours.
Flowers appear on a greenish stem.
Flowers appear on everything including printed fabrics, shoes, handbags and pins.
Flowers appear on new growth, so pruning is best done in late winter or early spring.
Flowers appear on new wood throughout the summer and early fall.
Flowers appear on plants.
Flowers appear on potato plants.
Flowers appear on pumpkin plants.
Flowers appear on sides of the stem.
Flowers appear on the earth.
Flowers appear on the screen and cover the phrases before another random phrase appears.
Flowers appear on the tips of the stems at the top of the plant.
Flowers appear on weed plants.
Flowers appear out of the winter rosette.
Flowers appear repeatedly throughout the summer and into the autumn.
Flowers appear singly on stem - yellow, red, white or purple.
Flowers appear soon after the seedling stage when leaves develop.
Flowers appear spring.
Flowers appear to be crinkled.
Flowers appear to fade very suddenly, and leaves shrivel.
Flowers appear to melt or fuse together.
Flowers appear two to three months after the final pinch.
Flowers appear with incredible frequency on gravestones, and they are widely planted in cemeteries.
Flowers appear year round.
Flowers appreciate being spritzed with water often.
Flowers apricot with yellow styles.
Flowers are a beautiful gift from nature.
Flowers are a beautiful pink to lavender color in summer.
Flowers are a beautify lavender-blue with yellow centers.
Flowers are a big deal for trees.
Flowers are a big part of wedding ceremonies and receptions.
Flowers are a bit smaller than our modern huge doubles but make up for it in form and beauty.
Flowers are a bright golden yellow, with four petals.
Flowers are a bright yellow.
Flowers are a brownish color that droop.
Flowers are a creamy white with bold yellow center, borne on terminal stems.
Flowers are a deep green, contrasting vividly with a red base and stem, and appear mainly in spring.
Flowers are a deep pink.
Flowers are a deep rich pink Dec.- Apr.
Flowers are a deep scarlet and star-shaped.
Flowers are a distinctive bright blue, with five petals.
Flowers are a distinctive way of expressing personal warmth and feelings.
Flowers are a gift brought by men to wives to accompany a weak alibi.
Flowers are a gift expression, they are more than just a decorative accessory.
Flowers are a good pink and bloom for a long period of time.
Flowers are a good source of forage for bees.
Flowers are a good source of nectar for bees and bats.
Flowers are a good source of nectar for honey-producing bees.
Flowers are a great source of energy for foraging predators and parasites.
Flowers are a growing trend in home decor.
Flowers are a heartwarming and appreciated gesture any time.
Flowers are a highly visible part of the joyous occasion.
Flowers are a little different.
Flowers are a major source of food for many insects which feed on pollen or nectar.
Flowers are a major source of honey.
Flowers are a medium yellow, peppered with small red spots.
Flowers are a natural, but here's a twist.
Flowers are a near cobalt blue.
Flowers are a neglected source of detail for even the most gritty areas.
Flowers are a nice medium pink.
Flowers are a nice medium red with a golden center, semi-double shape.
Flowers are a nice white color and the tree flowers well.
Flowers are a pale green and form a narrow, cylindrical spike at the top of the stem.
Flowers are a pale-yellow or straw color.
Flowers are a part lift from birth to death and everything in between.
Flowers are a perfect gift for any occasion.
Flowers are a plant's reproductive organs.
Flowers are a plant's way of attracting attention to itself.
Flowers are a plant's way of making itself attractive to animal pollinators.
Flowers are a quiet, light yellow, about two inches in length and slightly twisted.
Flowers are a raspberry then pink and pointed silver splotched leaves.
Flowers are a reflection of beauty and love.
Flowers are a rich deep purple with white throat markings.
Flowers are a rich purple.
Flowers are a richly fragrant lavender with deeper edging.
Flowers are a scarlet red, tipped in apricot yellow.
Flowers are a short raceme, violet purple with white lips, blooming in the spring.
Flowers are a showy purple, with dark veins.
Flowers are a significant part of our portraits.
Flowers are a source of yellow dye.
Flowers are a special part of our lives.
Flowers are a striking hue of yellow that can be seen for a long distance.
Flowers are a sweet addition to salads or as a garnish and young seedpods are steamed.
Flowers are a sweet addition to salads or as a garnish and young seedpods are Steamed.
Flowers are a symbol of love or affection or thanks or whatever the card says.
Flowers are a variable shade of lilac with a yellow throat.
Flowers are a very important part of every Hawaiian ceremony.
Flowers are a very important part of the setting.
Flowers are a very pale lilac with deep purple splotches on the upper petals.
Flowers are a very showy, bright red with dark veins in early to late summer.
Flowers are a vibrant blue with a touch of yellow.
Flowers are a visual and sensual delight.
Flowers are a welcome gift any time of the year.
Flowers are a welcome gift for a friend, a relative or a co-worker.
Flowers are a whitish cream color and make their appearance in late spring.
Flowers are a wonder, an orchid can last for months, but that is all, they eventually die.
Flowers are a wonderful accent to any occasion but often the cost is prohibitively high.
Flowers are a wonderful addition to the diet of our parrots.
Flowers are a yellow colour.
Flowers are about an inch in diameter and pink to purple in color.
Flowers are about five cm across.
Flowers are abundant early in the season.
Flowers are abundant in a garden setting.
Flowers are abundant in the spring and add to the beauty of the river as it rushes ever downward.
Flowers are abundant in the spring.
Flowers are abundant with nine different plant communities, including mosses and orchids.
Flowers are abundant.
Flowers are acceptable as a gift on arrival or following a visit for a meal.
Flowers are acceptable.
Flowers are actually modified a. leaves b.
Flowers are actually reproductive structures.
Flowers are actually worms with tubes among the reef growth.
Flowers are advertisements armed with reproductive equipment.
Flowers are air.
Flowers are alive even when excised from the mother plant.
Flowers are all fragrant and the plants can easily be kept in shape by pruning.
Flowers are almost an artistic addition to any garden.
Flowers are also a big business worldwide.
Flowers are also a big business.
Flowers are also a favorite subject.
Flowers are also a source of liquor which is compared to Ambrosia or nectar of the god.
Flowers are also an important export item.
Flowers are also available in single and double forms.
Flowers are also hard work.
Flowers are also pretty.
Flowers are also the predominant themes on dresser sets.
Flowers are also visible in late spring through fall in meadows.
Flowers are also welcome, providing appealing colors and scents.
Flowers are also where fertilization takes place.
Flowers are always a favorite gift.
Flowers are always a good gift.
Flowers are always a pleasure to send and a joy to receive.
Flowers are always a smooth move.
Flowers are always above clump of foliage.
Flowers are always appropriate.
Flowers are always given in odd numbers, even numbers and yellow are for death.
Flowers are always good.
Flowers are always in bloom on campus.
Flowers are always the perfect gift selection.
Flowers are always very fragrant.
Flowers are always welcome at any time.
Flowers are among the tops of gift suggestions.
Flowers are an essential feature of any wedding.
Flowers are an ideal way to express emotions that are difficult to say.
Flowers are an impassable barrier.
Flowers are an important part of a plant and are in fact one way they reproduce themselves.
Flowers are an inflorescence of small red buds.
Flowers are an old favorite.
Flowers are an unusual combination of yellow with orange-red petal edges.
Flowers are an unusual fuschia-purple with faint yellow tones and white veins.
Flowers are angiosperms.
Flowers are annuals.
Flowers are another abundant crop.
Flowers are another joy to design because of the great beauty that can be expressed in the blooms.
Flowers are another option.
Flowers are another scene-setter.
Flowers are appropriate at grand openings and as gifts to businesswomen.
Flowers are apt to be red, white and blue.
Flowers are arranged in a raceme at the ends of branches.
Flowers are arranged in dense, globular clusters at the end of the branches.
Flowers are as attractive as they are good to eat.
Flowers are as important to a room as furniture and are just as stylish.
Flowers are as real and as vulnerable as imagination itself.
Flowers are at least a hint of the world of nature out of doors.
Flowers are at the end of naked stalks that branch out at the top of the plant.
Flowers are attractive and orchid-like on tall spiky stems.
Flowers are attractive to bees and butterflies.
Flowers are attractive to birds and bees.
Flowers are attractive to hummingbirds.
Flowers are attractive violet to a deep purple-black.
Flowers are atypical for the genus.
Flowers are available all year round, with the peak period in the summer.
Flowers are available as a single sheet, similar in size to the rest of the range.
Flowers are available for all occasions in a myriad of colors to suit all tastes.
Flowers are available for only a week or two.
Flowers are available for purchase by the bunch at or near wholesale prices.
Flowers are available in a myriad of colours to suit most planting schemes.
Flowers are available in a wide range of colors.
Flowers are available in a wide range of primary and pastel colors.
Flowers are available in all colors.
Flowers are available in almost any color desired, but are most frequently yellow or orange.
Flowers are available in just about every color except blue.
Flowers are available in shades of red, pink, orange, and yellow.
Flowers are available in shades of yellow, orange, and red.
Flowers are available in white and various shades of pink, red, or lavender.
Flowers are available upon request at an additional charge.
Flowers are axillary, solitary, or in inflorescence of two or three.
Flowers are bad in hospital rooms because they suck oxygen out of air.
Flowers are barely noticeable.
Flowers are beautiful and there are so many kinds of flowers.
Flowers are beautiful but they only last for the first few days of baby's new life.
Flowers are beautiful coral red and yellow, on and off all year.
Flowers are beautiful kinds of plants.
Flowers are beautiful, and so are the feelings of love among people.
Flowers are beautiful, but are quickly forgotten.
Flowers are beautiful, Flowers smell good.
Flowers are beautiful.
Flowers are bee forage.
Flowers are best in cool climates.
Flowers are better than bullets.
Flowers are bi-color inner petals are pinkish red, outer petals are lighter color.
Flowers are bird-pollinated in the wild.
Flowers are bisexual and the tree is self-pollinating.
Flowers are bisexual and zygomorphic.
Flowers are bisexual, actinomorphic and sessil.
Flowers are bitone, pale lavender-purple.
Flowers are black and showy.
Flowers are blooming and birds are singing as winter comes to an end.
Flowers are blooming, all birds sing.
Flowers are blooming, the grass is green and the weather is wonderful.
Flowers are blooming, the grass is lovely and green and the trees are in full leaf.
Flowers are blotchy or streaked .
Flowers are blue and occur in small clusters at the branch tips.
Flowers are blue and pink.
Flowers are blue and white stars .
Flowers are blue and white.
Flowers are blue but can be pink or white.
Flowers are blue or purple and trumpet-shaped.
Flowers are blue stars .
Flowers are blue stars with a white edge.
Flowers are blue to purple and turn into spiral coiled seedpods.
Flowers are blue to yellowish-orange.
Flowers are blue with a darker blue center.
Flowers are blue with a white edge.
Flowers are blue, red or white with black centers.
Flowers are blue, white, and some rose.
Flowers are blue.
Flowers are blue-gray and very fragrant.
Flowers are bluer and earlier than most.
Flowers are bluish-purple and bloom together with the crocuses and daffodils.
Flowers are bluish-purple and shaped like a tiny trumpet.
Flowers are blush pink with purple veining.
Flowers are bore in the axil of the leaves and are exposed in a showy fashion.
Flowers are borne in compact clusters or heads and are usually rose-pink in color.
Flowers are borne in profusion on short erect stems.
Flowers are borne on a long hairy stem, opposite the uppermost leaf.
Flowers are borne on small panicles on short lateral branches on the end of the twig.
Flowers are borne singly on the shoots and are covered in a dense indumentum.
Flowers are bright and cheerful.
Flowers are bright pink, with a creamy reverse.
Flowers are bright pink.
Flowers are bright red and occur in clusters along the older stem in late winter and early spring.
Flowers are bright red in spring and appear before the leaves.
Flowers are bright red-pink.
Flowers are bright white and profuse.
Flowers are bright yellow and have long yellow spines on the bracts.
Flowers are bright yellow and showy.
Flowers are bright yellow and sometimes tinged with purple.
Flowers are bright yellow to deep orange and are sometimes tinged with red.
Flowers are bright yellow with brown spots.
Flowers are bright yellow with five petals.
Flowers are bright yellow.
Flowers are bright, medium pink with the loose petals forming very double blooms.
Flowers are brighter and hardier.
Flowers are brightly colored and have a scent.
Flowers are brilliant fuchsia with a very contrasting golden center.
Flowers are brown, yellow or purple and fade to a tawny buff.
Flowers are buff to apricot and produced in terminal clusters on short branchlets.
Flowers are burgandy, yellow and pink in color.
Flowers are burgundy with a white edge.
Flowers are calendula and cosmos.
Flowers are calming.
Flowers are cantaloupe seeds with an althea seed center.
Flowers are capable of blossoms.
Flowers are capable of cast shadows.
Flowers are capable of closes.
Flowers are capable of opens.
Flowers are carmine-red with a purple tinge in the center.
Flowers are catkins and appear before the leaves bud in spring.
Flowers are catkins and cones.
Flowers are catkins.
Flowers are celebratory.
Flowers are certainly a metaphor for teaching and learning.
Flowers are certainly the most important ingredient of pot pourri.
Flowers are certainly the most traditional and most admired way to top a cake.
Flowers are chartreuse on tall spikes.
Flowers are chartreuse with white.
Flowers are cheapest from the women by the cathedral.
Flowers are clusters of small green globules, soon followed by single-winged seed pods.
Flowers are cocktail sized yellow with a red stripe in petals.
Flowers are cold white with a double anemone form with numerous dome shaped petaloids.
Flowers are Colombia's third largest export.
Flowers are colorful and pretty as can be.
Flowers are colorful, welcoming, and add to the curb appeal.
Flowers are coloured specifically for their pollinators.
Flowers are compound heads with purple center, pink petals, blooms midsummer to frost.
Flowers are conspicuous and grow on previous season's growth.
Flowers are conspicuous because they appear before the leaves are fully expanded.
Flowers are conspicuous in the spring.
Flowers are conspicuous, an attractive white to mauve with purple markings.
Flowers are conspicuous, reddish purple in color and axillary.
Flowers are cool.
Flowers are cream colored to white, conspicuous and make their appearance in spring and summer.
Flowers are cream colored to yellow.
Flowers are cream colored with a pink tinge.
Flowers are cream colored, hemispheric pompons.
Flowers are cream in colour.
Flowers are cream to blue, often with both colors mixed in varying patterns within the flower.
Flowers are cream to yellow colored and conspicuous.
Flowers are cream, sometimes with a bluish tinge.
Flowers are creamy yellow.
Flowers are creamy-white and occur in leaf axils.
Flowers are dark blue stars .
Flowers are dark burgundy with a white edge.
Flowers are dark pink and semi-double.
Flowers are dark pink with a white edge.
Flowers are dark pink.
Flowers are dark rose or wine colored.
Flowers are dark rose-red, the lip is white with purple stripes, the column is white.
Flowers are dark rosy red and fruit is a deep red.
Flowers are deep blue to blue-purple and are borne in crowded racemes in the summer.
Flowers are deep blue with red veining.
Flowers are deep pink and the hips oblong.
Flowers are deep pink and the silver dots on the leaves turn pink also in strong light.
Flowers are deep pink with white center.
Flowers are deep pink, semi-double, and very fragrant.
Flowers are deep purple and very fragrant.
Flowers are deep red and pea shaped.
Flowers are deep red in colour and usually occur in winter and spring.
Flowers are deep red in colour and very attractive to bees.
Flowers are deep red.
Flowers are deep rose, violet or purple, occasionally white.
Flowers are deformed or twisted .
Flowers are delicate looking and turn bronze as they mature.
Flowers are delightful, but too many flowers can make a room smell like a funeral parlor.
Flowers are dependent on the weather.
Flowers are diamond dusted and glow with a certain translucent quality like frosted glass.
Flowers are different colors.
Flowers are dioecious and borne in pendulous catkins.
Flowers are dioecious and fragrant.
Flowers are dioecious and showy.
Flowers are dioecious or polygamous and small.
Flowers are dioecious, or have unisexual and bisexual flowers on the same plant.
Flowers are dioecious, solitary or fascicled and axillary.
Flowers are dioecious, white, feathery, and borne in terminal panicles.
Flowers are dioecious.
Flowers are distinctive in having two small petals opposed by three large petals.
Flowers are diuretic and tonic.
Flowers are double and pure white.
Flowers are double and semi double in colors of pink, red, purple and white, on graceful tall stems.
Flowers are double, cupped with the base of each petal being white.
Flowers are double, high-centered, and have thirty to thirty five petals.
FLowers are double, long-lasting, and are held well above the leaves.
Flowers are double, soft pink.
Flowers are dry when petals feel papery.
Flowers are dull in colour.
Flowers are dull red to purple.
Flowers are dull yellow, arranged in cylindrical or oval-like groups to one foot across.
Flowers are easily air dried and are long-lasting.
Flowers are easy to move, change, or take out altogether.
Flowers are edible and make a colourful addition to salads and desserts.
Flowers are edible and the aromatic leaves can be used fresh or dried.
Flowers are edible garnishes.
Flowers are edible, and make a fragrant tea.
Flowers are edible.
Flowers are edibles.
Flowers are effective in spring before dark green leaves open.
Flowers are egg-shaped and subtended with long spiny bracts.
Flowers are either blue, white or rosy-mauve.
Flowers are either light yellow or yellow, depending on sun exposure.
Flowers are either pink or white.
Flowers are either polygamous or dioecious.
Flowers are either single or double with some fragrant varieties.
Flowers are embroidered.
Flowers are equally heavy texture.
Flowers are especially fragrant.
Flowers are especially susceptible to frost damage.
Flowers are even more showy than most because the florets lay flat for full effect.
Flowers are everywhere - such as apartments with flower boxes under each window.
Flowers are everywhere, there is a lovely mural on the wall, and the equipment is the best.
Flowers are everywhere, with pea-fowl, chickens, pigeons and lambs making themselves at home.
Flowers are everywhere.
Flowers are excellent for cutting.
Flowers are excellent nectar source.
Flowers are excellent quality and arranged daily to ensure maximum freshness.
Flowers are excellent used as fresh cut or the cones are used indried bouquets.
Flowers are exquisite in fresh or dried bouquets.
Flowers are extremely fragrant and are produced all summer.
Flowers are extremely fragrant.
Flowers are extremely hard to see, but the fruit is an attractive scarlet berry called an aril .
Flowers are extremely perishable and start to wilt as soon as they are removed from their stems.
Flowers are faintly fragrant.
Flowers are fairly spectacular and are adapted to insect pollination.
Flowers are fakes.
Flowers are fat and showy.
Flowers are feminine.
Flowers are fertilized by pollen.
Flowers are few and the ephemeral petals are purple.
Flowers are few with medium large, white corolla and yellow-orange anthers.
Flowers are few, in short axillary or terminal racemes.
Flowers are few, lavender in color with orange anthers.
Flowers are few, medium in size, white and have bright yellow anthers.
Flowers are fickle.
Flowers are five petalled with a prominent yellow stamen born in large clusters.
Flowers are five petalled, waxy and star shaped.
Flowers are flat, broad and overlapped .
Flowers are flecked and streaked.
Flowers are fluffy white spikes.
Flowers are followed by aromatic seed.
Flowers are followed by fluffy seeds dispersed upon the wind.
Flowers are followed by small, dark, somewhat persistent, berry-like fruits.
Flowers are food for the soul.
Flowers are for every occasion.
Flowers are for remembrance.
Flowers are for weddings, and funerals.
Flowers are four to eight inch spikes of small tubular flower tubes.
Flowers are fragrant and although they are small they occur in clusters.
Flowers are fragrant and described as grape-like.
Flowers are fragrant and open after most frosts have past.
Flowers are fragrant and usually double.
Flowers are fragrant pink or white tubes, occurring in clusters in early spring.
Flowers are fragrant, attracting bees and other pollinators.
Flowers are fragrant, white on inside and pink on outside, in axillary clusters.
Flowers are fragrant.
Flowers are free natural beauties.
Flowers are fresh and of high quality when delivered and the delivery is on time.
Flowers are full and sepals recurve while petals flair.
Flowers are full formed, overlapped and lightly ruffled.
Flowers are full of petals and a delicious tea fragrance.
Flowers are full with petal edges lightly ruffled.
Flowers are full, overlapped and lightly recurved.
Flowers are full, round, overlapped and lightly ruffled.
Flowers are fully double and the plants are tall.
Flowers are fully double, and begin as dark fuschia-crimson affairs that age to pale lilac.
Flowers are fully self-compatible but require insect visitation for pollination and seed set.
Flowers are fun and easy to grow.
Flowers are funnel-shaped and bloom in clusters of three to five.
Flowers are generally funnel shaped and bloom in wide variety of colours.
Flowers are generally in clusters of four to six, but the colour is similar to the other subspecies.
Flowers are generally more abundant at the higher elevations.
Flowers are generally purple in colour and are prolific in spring.
Flowers are generally secondary features.
Flowers are generally unisexual.
Flowers are generally white, but sometimes have a pinkish tint.
Flowers are generally white, but sometimes pink or lavender.
Flowers are gifts from the heart, so they're special.
Flowers are gigantic in size, with very wide falls and elegant ruffling.
Flowers are good dipped in batter and fried.
Flowers are good for drying.
Flowers are good.
Flowers are great at drawing the eye away from the unsightly to their freshness and beauty.
Flowers are great value in Hanoi.
Flowers are great.
Flowers are green and small on slender stems at the end of branches or bases of upper leaves.
Flowers are green or yellow, and appear in late spring in most species.
Flowers are green to white and arranged on branched spikes arising from leaf axils.
Flowers are green.
Flowers are green.
Flowers are greenish and fragrant in the late spring.
Flowers are greenish and indistinct.
Flowers are greenish to white in color.
Flowers are greenish to yellowish to reddish.
Flowers are greenish white with a touch of rose.
Flowers are greenish white, about a quarter-inch across and are borne in clusters in the leaf axils.
Flowers are greenish white.
Flowers are greenish yellow and bloom long before the leaves appear.
Flowers are greenish yellow in umbels arranged in terminal panicles.
Flowers are greenish yellow with male and female flowers separate, but on the same tree.
Flowers are greenish yellow with very short stalks.
Flowers are greenish- yellow, petals and sepals have brown spots, lip is white with brown spots.
Flowers are greenish-white and female flowers have the aroma of roses.
Flowers are greenish-white and unpleasantly scented.
Flowers are greenish-white, small, and on short stems above the globe of aerial bulblets.
Flowers are greenish-white.
Flowers are greenish-yellow and inconspicuous and are followed by white or pale yellow berries.
Flowers are greenish-yellow.
Flowers are green-white.
Flowers are green-yellow.
Flowers are grouped in inflorescences .
Flowers are grouped in inflorescences.
Flowers are harvested in autumn.
Flowers are heavy textured petals that are white with violet pink overtones.
Flowers are hermaphrodite and are pollinated by insects.
Flowers are highly fragrant.
Flowers are highly personal.
Flowers are how plants produce seeds to reproduce.
Flowers are huge white cones.
Flowers are hummingbird pollinated.
Flowers are hypnotic.
Flowers are ice.
Flowers are ideal, or some nicely presented food.
Flowers are images of love and nourishment.
Flowers are in a dense, cylinder-shaped spike that often resembles a cigar.
Flowers are in a vase to the left of the book.
Flowers are in a wide range of colors.
Flowers are in all stages of blooming, being pollinated, and involuting to form fruit.
Flowers are in axillary panicles.
Flowers are in beautiful, white, large, terminal clusters.
Flowers are in bloom and trees turn green.
Flowers are in bloom throughout the season.
Flowers are in bloom.
Flowers are in dense racemes with greenish standards with red blotches or stripes.
Flowers are in dense terminal bunches, lilac or pale rose and fragrant.
Flowers are in full bloom and trees are clothed with bright, fresh leaves.
Flowers are in full bloom during summer season.
Flowers are in full bloom.
Flowers are in golden-yellow balls and occur over a long period of the year.
Flowers are in great masses of tiny purple blooms.
Flowers are in heads at the end of the stalks.
Flowers are in large, dense, pale clusters towards the end of the stems.
Flowers are in loose, axillary heads that are usually more than half as long as the leaves.
Flowers are in pinks, blues and white.
Flowers are in pots and beds on every hand.
Flowers are in showy, white, flat-topped clusters.
Flowers are in small branching clusters in the upper part of the stem.
Flowers are in small clusters in the leaf axils.
Flowers are in spikes that lengthen as they mature, twisting and turning.
Flowers are in spring through the summer, on and off through all the warm months.
Flowers are in the axils of the leaves, in groups or solitary.
Flowers are in the height of bloom across the countryside.
Flowers are in the pink, red and white color range.
Flowers are in various shades of white to deep blue.
Flowers are in white clusters before the leaves.
Flowers are in white terminal clusters.
Flowers are in yellow balls held close to stems and appear in spring.
Flowers are in yellow terminal clusters.
Flowers are inconspicuous and are borne in the axils of the emergent leaves.
Flowers are inconspicuous and fruit is a small cone.
Flowers are inconspicuous and have no sepals and petals.
Flowers are inconspicuous but messy in spring.
Flowers are inconspicuous cream colored racemes in spring.
Flowers are inconspicuous with male and female flowers separate on the same plant.
Flowers are inconspicuous, in small clusters at branch tips or leaf axis.
Flowers are inconspicuous.
Flowers are inconspiuous, fruits are blue, and fall foliage is a striking red color.
Flowers are indispensable in ceremonial, customary and traditional rites.
Flowers are infrequently white.
Flowers are initiated as days become longer in late spring and summer.
Flowers are initiated as days become longer in spring.
Flowers are initiated on young canes.
Flowers are insect pollinated.
Flowers are insignificant and fruit are found as large clusters on the trunk.
Flowers are insignificant and fruits are small and non-edible.
Flowers are insignificant, but seedpods are often showy and long lasting.
Flowers are insignificant, fruit is red.
Flowers are insignificant, in terminal or lateral clusters.
Flowers are irregular and the color ranges from white to all shades of pink purple.
Flowers are just the beginning.
Flowers are killed or young pods shrivel.
Flowers are lacy and white.
Flowers are large and abundant throughout the season.
Flowers are large and as a solitary flower or in a cyme, raceme or panicle.
Flowers are large and borne in great abundance.
Flowers are large and borne on an inflorescence of cymes, panicles, umbels or as a solitary flower.
Flowers are large and creamy pale, pink.
Flowers are large and deep rose, violet , or purple.
Flowers are large and funnelform or tubular.
Flowers are large and primrose yellow with tiny burgundy flecks.
Flowers are large and shapely, one to a stem.
Flowers are large and showy.
Flowers are large and white with abundant pubescence.
Flowers are large and white with purple blotches.
Flowers are large as well.
Flowers are large golden balls in spring.
Flowers are large stately white blooms held well above the water's surface.
Flowers are large with orange anthers that shed abundant pollen.
Flowers are large with petals drooping towards the stem.
Flowers are large, colored greenish-white.
Flowers are large, creamy white.
Flowers are large, light purple with white tips.
Flowers are large, pea shaped and fragrant.
Flowers are large, purple and bell shaped.
Flowers are large, purple, trumpet-like in large, terminal clusters.
Flowers are large, showy and generally solitary, arising from the end of the areoles.
Flowers are large, violet, and slightly fragrant.
Flowers are large, white and wonderfully fragrant.
Flowers are large, yellow and have a boxwood-like odor .
Flowers are large,red in colour.
Flowers are large.
Flowers are larger and more colorful than other varieties.
Flowers are larger and their petals are cleaner white with a darker splash.
Flowers are larger too.
Flowers are lavender blue in summer.
Flowers are lavender in early summer.
Flowers are lavender in late spring.
Flowers are lavender to pale pink or sometimes creamy white.
Flowers are lavender with darker stippling.
Flowers are lavender with white tips extending to center of petal.
Flowers are lavender with white tips.
Flowers are lavender, blue or white, depending on species.
Flowers are lavender.
Flowers are leguminous and the fruit is a legume pod with kidney shaped seeds.
Flowers are light blue and white.
Flowers are light blue stars .
Flowers are light blue with a darker blue center.
Flowers are light blue with a white edge.
Flowers are light blue.
Flowers are light brown to straw yellow.
Flowers are light lavender in late spring.
Flowers are light lavender in spring.
Flowers are light lavender.
Flowers are light lilac to white and fruits are metallic blue and the size of a pea.
Flowers are light pink and later turn golden tan.
Flowers are light pink stars .
Flowers are light pink to white.
Flowers are light pink, low, and profuse.
Flowers are light pink.
Flowers are light purple to blue in color and the upper petal always has a distinctive yellow spot.
Flowers are light violet, anthers are yellow, with a moderate amount of fertile pollen.
Flowers are light yellow and form drooping clusters.
Flowers are light yellow borne on tall, sturdy spikes.
Flowers are light yellow with deep purple centers and golden anthers.
Flowers are light yellow, the fruits are oval and covered in thick pointed spines.
Flowers are lightly fragrant, and foliage is dark and glossy.
Flowers are light-yellow and about one inch in length.
Flowers are like a sea of colours.
Flowers are like small yellow hibiscus, looking very much like hau flowers.
Flowers are like the four letter L word.
Flowers are likely to appear late in the season.
Flowers are lilac in color.
Flowers are lilac pink with a yellow center and black eye.
Flowers are lilac stars .
Flowers are lilac with a darker ring and a white center.
Flowers are lilac with slightly lighter tips.
Flowers are lilac with white tips.
Flowers are located in anthologies.
Flowers are located in countrysides.
Flowers are located in fields.
Flowers are located in flower gardens.
Flowers are located in lawns.
Flowers are located in parks.
Flowers are located in porchs.
Flowers are located in shelfs.
Flowers are located in state parks.
Flowers are located in tables.
Flowers are located in vases.
Flowers are located in weddings.
Flowers are located in windowsills.
Flowers are located on mature older branches and along the tree's trunk.
Flowers are long-lasting when cut for bouquets.
Flowers are long-stalked and campanulate and light blue in colour.
Flowers are loosely double, medium to dark pink surrounding yellow stamens.
Flowers are lovely light purple with protruding stamens tipped in gold anthers.
Flowers are lovely, love is flowerlike.
Flowers are lovely.
Flowers are luminescent yellow with many petals and stamens.
Flowers are magazines.
Flowers are magenta-red.
Flowers are mainly yellow but orange and red forms are known.
Flowers are males or females they all have female or male parts.
Flowers are many, but veneration is one.
Flowers are many, large and lavender with white at the apex.
Flowers are medium pink shading to near white at the center.
Flowers are medium pink with light fragrance.
Flowers are medium pink, borne in clusters and has a slight fragrance.
Flowers are medium sized of perfect form, prettily cupped in shape and of a soft pink colour.
Flowers are medium to large on drooping or arching branches.
Flowers are medium yellow, borne in clusters and semi-double.
Flowers are medium-sized and moderate in number.
Flowers are merely dabs of icing in a raised affect.
Flowers are mid sized but very numerous on the plant.
Flowers are minute and in spikes.
Flowers are modified leaves.
Flowers are monoecious and borne in catkins.
Flowers are monoecious on different branches.
Flowers are monoecious or dioecious and borne in catkins.
Flowers are monoecious, fruit is an accessory type formed from an inferior ovary.
Flowers are monoecious.
Flowers are more romantic when women are single.
Flowers are more toned to the pastel range of their hues.
Flowers are most aromatic during the night or early morning.
Flowers are most commonly blue, but there are cultivars with pink, white or purple blooms.
Flowers are most conspicuous in the morning and close late in the day.
Flowers are most often blue in color , although pink flowers are sometimes examined .
Flowers are most often blue in color, although pink flowers are sometimes examined.
Flowers are most receptive to pollination during the morning hours.
Flowers are mostly blue, but white and pink forms are known.
Flowers are mostly bluish with a paler zone in the throat.
Flowers are mostly white and form a flat cluster.
Flowers are mostly white, sometimes purple, and are located on each branch tip.
Flowers are mostly yellow to orange coloured with sometimes red spots or flushing.
Flowers are mostly yellow with red centres.
Flowers are multi-petalled and have a mild fragrance.
Flowers are near white and appear just above the foliage.
Flowers are near white in early summer.
Flowers are near white.
Flowers are nearly stalkless.
Flowers are nice as a garnish.
Flowers are nice too.
Flowers are nice, but they die.
Flowers are nodding and white.
Flowers are normally bisexual, though some species have single sex flowers.
Flowers are normally pink and profuse, occasionally white.
Flowers are now on sale for V-day.
Flowers are numerous and pale purple.
Flowers are numerous and white to greenish in large terminal clusters.
Flowers are numerous and white.
Flowers are numerous on alternate spikes coming off bud at end of stem.
Flowers are numerous, and a bright rose colour.
Flowers are numerous, light violet with white tips.
Flowers are numerous, small and yellow, borne on long spikes at the top of the stem.
Flowers are numerous, small, white or rose coloured, fragrant.
Flowers are of a good size for corsage use.
Flowers are of good form, large, and due to excellent substance , last and last as cut flowers.
Flowers are of the typical interesting columbine type.
Flowers are of various colours and they develop high over the heads.
Flowers are off-white.
Flowers are often dwarfed and deformed.
Flowers are often dwarfed and dis- torted.
Flowers are often large like hybrid teas, but with petal configurations of floribundas.
Flowers are often malformed and greenish.
Flowers are often most colourful when they are mature and ready for pollination.
Flowers are often multi-colored, yellow, red and orange.
Flowers are often necrotic.
Flowers are often perfect and relatively large and showy.
Flowers are often red to pink or yellow to white.
Flowers are often tube shaped to accomodate the long butterfly tongues.
Flowers are often weak.
Flowers are often white to reflect light and capture the maximum amount of the sun's energy.
Flowers are often white with a yellow spot and streaked with purple but can vary.
Flowers are on a stem carried well above the foliage to about ten or twelve inches.
Flowers are on emerged spikes.
Flowers are on emergent, long, thick stalks.
Flowers are on long stalks that emerge several inches above the water.
Flowers are on stalks that are usually taller than the leaves.
Flowers are on wiry stems above narrow, gray green leaves.
Flowers are one of the great fringe benefits of the prom.
Flowers are one of the most popular gifts for graduation.
Flowers are one of the subjects most beloved of watercolor artists.
Flowers are one thing, plants are another.
Flowers are one way some plants reproduce.
Flowers are only one way of generating excitement in the landscape.
Flowers are open very briefly for a few hours with good sunlight.
Flowers are opening each day, the trees are fresh green and the woods are filled with song.
Flowers are optional.
Flowers are orange to red in mid-summer.
Flowers are orange, pink and cream.
Flowers are orange.
Flowers are orange-red and resemble zinnias.
Flowers are orange-red during entire summer.
Flowers are orange-red.
Flowers are orange-yellow and veined with brown.
Flowers are ornamental, fragrant and somewhat showy.
Flowers are our business.
Flowers are pale blue to violet with white or yellow bands.
Flowers are pale blue to violet with white or yellow crests on their falls.
Flowers are pale blue with a darker blue center.
Flowers are pale blue, sometimes even white to cream.
Flowers are pale lavender in mid summer.
Flowers are pale lavender with dark spots and yellow on the lip.
Flowers are pale lavender.
Flowers are pale lilac in color and fragrant.
Flowers are pale lilac, with a deep rose-pink ring on the outer petal edge.
Flowers are pale pink with darker stippling at the throat.
Flowers are pale pink with distinctive grey veins.
Flowers are pale pink with five petals.
Flowers are pale pink with magenta veining in summer.
Flowers are pale pink, very small, in round fluffy balls and form on short stalks at the leaf axils.
Flowers are pale pink-lilac with white tips and margins which gives a striped effect.
Flowers are pale to bright yellow with brown-purple stripes and pure white lips.
Flowers are pale yellow and sweetly pungent.
Flowers are pale yellow and white and occur in early spring.
Flowers are pale yellow or cream, globular flower heads in large, fragrant sprays.
Flowers are pale yellow, small, and appear on a raceme.
Flowers are pale yellow.
Flowers are panicles at the branch tip and leaf bases.
Flowers are part of a plant that produce fruits and seeds.
Flowers are part of angiosperms.
Flowers are part of bushs.
Flowers are part of plants and plants are living things.
Flowers are part of the sporophyte generation in angiosperms.
Flowers are past their peak.
Flowers are pea-like, fragrant, white and yellow, and born in large drooping racemes.
Flowers are pea-shaped and white, bluish, purplish, red or pink.
Flowers are pedicellate and articulate at the apical end.
Flowers are pedicillate, actinomorphic, pentamerous and complete'.
Flowers are perennials for the garden.
Flowers are perennials.
Flowers are perfect and normally non-fragrant, normally solitary.
Flowers are perfect and often showy.
Flowers are perfect and showy.
Flowers are perfect and usually radially symmetrical.
Flowers are perfect and zygomorphic.
Flowers are perfect in formation and numerous, arranged in long drooping panicles.
Flowers are perfect with five, fused sepals and one petal.
Flowers are perfect, having both male and female parts.
Flowers are perfect, or functionally male and female.
Flowers are perishable.
Flowers are pink and blue stars .
Flowers are pink and fade quickly, and growth habit is awkward.
Flowers are pink and purple.
Flowers are pink and single and the fruit is maroon in color.
Flowers are pink and white.
Flowers are pink in pom-pom like clusters and very fragrant.
Flowers are pink or white and funnel shaped.
Flowers are pink or white, single-petalled or double, and they are beautifully showy.
Flowers are pink stars .
Flowers are pink stars with a darker pink center.
Flowers are pink stars with a white edge.
Flowers are pink to cream and the fruit is crimson.
Flowers are pink to cream-colored, and the fruit is crimson.
Flowers are pink to lavender and are produced in the axils of leaves and stems.
Flowers are pink to lavender in color, although several other colors are available.
Flowers are pink to purple in colour and the bright green leaves are lobed with sharp pointed tips.
Flowers are pink to purple, or occasionally white, and appear from midsummer to fall.
Flowers are pink to reddish-purple and are produced from midsummer through fall.
Flowers are pink to white.
Flowers are pink turning to blue.
Flowers are pink with a white edge.
Flowers are pink with a yellow center.
Flowers are pink with green to orange spots.
Flowers are pink with long cream to very pale green styles.
Flowers are pink with purple centers, strongly rose scented.
Flowers are pink with purple splashes.
Flowers are pink with splashes of purple.
Flowers are pink, lavender, or white flowers.
Flowers are pink, mauve, lilac or white with darker spots in the throat.
Flowers are pink, purple or white on small, upright branches.
Flowers are pink, rose, purple or pure white.
Flowers are pink.
Flowers are pink.
Flowers are pinkish and small.
Flowers are pinkish copper, become fluffy as they mature.
Flowers are pinkish copper.
Flowers are pinkish or lilac.
Flowers are pinkish-white and have an intense fragrance.
Flowers are pinkish-white and liberally sprinkled with red freckles.
Flowers are pink-purple or magenta.
Flowers are pink-white, fragrant and showy in early spring.
Flowers are plant organs of reproduction.
Flowers are plant structures involved in sexual reproduction.
Flowers are plants' sexual organs.
Flowers are pleasingly fragrant.
Flowers are plentiful in the area, ranging from species seen commonly to more exotic flora.
Flowers are pollinated by bees.
Flowers are pollinated by insects.
Flowers are pollinated by wind.
Flowers are polygamous or dioecious.
Flowers are polygamous, or dioecious, in several-flowered racemes.
Flowers are popular for cuttings and dried arrangements.
Flowers are powder blue color and fragrant.
Flowers are predominately blue, sometimes pink or white.
Flowers are present during the bloom time of the flowering dogwood.
Flowers are present in axillary or terminal pedunculate or almost sessile racemes.
Flowers are present in the late spring.
Flowers are pretty enough so that chives can be grown as a border or in the rock garden.
Flowers are primarily concerned with sexual reproduction.
Flowers are pristine white with a loose rose like form .
Flowers are produced by shoot systems in specialized regions called inflorescences.
Flowers are produced by trees.
Flowers are produced early in spring, with or slightly ahead of the first pitchers.
Flowers are produced in drooping clusters and are followed by distinctive winged fruits.
Flowers are produced in late spring and again in the fall.
Flowers are produced in small clusters at the end of long stems.
Flowers are produced non-stop over seven to nine weeks.
Flowers are produced on long spires from the heart of rosettes.
Flowers are produced once a year and bloom in the early spring.
Flowers are producers, because they are plants, consumers are animals, like cats, dogs, and ants.
Flowers are profuse and a rich purple or lavender.
Flowers are profuse and are light pink in color.
Flowers are profuse in the spring but odd flowers are found during most of the year.
Flowers are prple on short scapes with purple dots at the base.
Flowers are pubescent, resupinate and comparatively large in proportion to plant size.
Flowers are pure white in colour.
Flowers are pure white in spring.
Flowers are pure white with mustard-yellow centers, individually borne on single erect stems.
Flowers are pure white, fragrant, but last only one day after opening.
Flowers are purple and fragrant.
Flowers are purple and grow ina row on the end of the branches.
Flowers are purple and showy.
Flowers are purple and surrounded by large spike-like bracts.
Flowers are purple and white and prefer a sunny location.
Flowers are purple and white.
Flowers are purple in summer.
Flowers are purple with a white edge.
Flowers are purple with medium-large orange anthers with abundant pollen.
Flowers are purple, blue or white depending on the cultivar, and bloom in mid-spring.
Flowers are purple, blue or white depending on the cultivar.
Flowers are purple, blue, teal, pink and silvery gray on stems of etched gold metal.
Flowers are purple, pink and orange.
Flowers are purple.
Flowers are purplish early in the spring.
Flowers are purplish in close whorls.
Flowers are puuuurty.
Flowers are pyramidal and are produced in racemes in shades of yellow, white or pink.
Flowers are quite inconspicuous but very fragrant.
Flowers are quite prevalent.
Flowers are ready to be used when they are crisp.
Flowers are really expensive that day.
Flowers are receptive throughout the day.
Flowers are receptive to pollination for a matter of hours on the day they open.
Flowers are red and borne in clusters.
Flowers are red and brank inclusters like one type of coral.
Flowers are red and white lip, bracts longer than the flowers.
Flowers are red and white stars .
Flowers are red and white.
Flowers are red purple which re-curve to display tiny magenta spots on the inner petals.
Flowers are red with a white edge.
Flowers are red with red tinted foliage.
Flowers are red with yellow throat.
Flowers are red, black, purple, yellow and blue.
Flowers are red, blue and yellow with leaves of green.
Flowers are red, pink, burgundy and white.
Flowers are red, pink, purple and yellow.
Flowers are red, showy and attractive to hummingbirds.
Flowers are red, snapdragon like, in spring.
Flowers are red.
Flowers are red.
Flowers are reddish or purple in colour.
Flowers are reddish pink and foliage is blue-green and very attractive.
Flowers are reddish-orange.
Flowers are reddish-purple and are either solitary or clustered.
Flowers are reddish-purple stars .
Flowers are reddish-purple with a white edge.
Flowers are red-maroon and usually fragrant.
Flowers are reduced in size and number.
Flowers are reduced in size.
Flowers are regular but are usually inconspicuous, surrounded by conspicuous bracts.
Flowers are relative inconspicuous, no investment in brightly-colored petals, etc.
Flowers are relatively frost tolerant.
Flowers are relatively inconspicuous and have no petals.
Flowers are relatively inconspicuous with male and female flowers occurring on separate trees.
Flowers are relatively inconspicuous.
Flowers are reproduction centers for plants.
Flowers are reproductive organs of a plant.
Flowers are restful to look at.
Flowers are revitalized, buds emerge and open.
Flowers are rich source of vitamin C and have sweet taste.
Flowers are rod-like, yellow, and occur in spring or other times, depending on rain.
Flowers are romantic.
Flowers are rose or crimson in color.
Flowers are rose to wine and the foliage is a stunning silver edged in dark green.
Flowers are rose, raspberry, lavender, tan, and light brown.
Flowers are rose-lavender and white and last only one day.
Flowers are rosy lilac in color.
Flowers are rosy pink, opening before the leaves appear.
Flowers are rosy-red, small fruits are an attractive glossy red.
Flowers are round and ruffled.
Flowers are rubies and sapphires and emeralds.
Flowers are ruby red with cream stamens, followed by reddish fleshy berries.
Flowers are ruined.
Flowers are sacred.
Flowers are salmon pink with prominent fuchsia flecking and medium in size.
Flowers are sauteed fresh, added to cooked beans and fresh salsas.
Flowers are scarce.
Flowers are scarlet becoming yellow with age.
Flowers are self as well as cross-pollinated as confirmed by various hand pollination experiments.
Flowers are self sterile.
Flowers are self-fertile and pollinated by wind and insects.
Flowers are semi-double, medium red with a very slight fragrance.
Flowers are semi-single in form and a lively bright yellow, broadly trimmed in red.
Flowers are semi-single in form, and a bright yellow broadly trimmed with red.
Flowers are sexual organs.
Flowers are sexually dimorphic.
Flowers are short lived.
Flowers are showy and are foxtail-like in their appearance.
Flowers are showy and pink to white.
Flowers are showy and yellow on long stems.
Flowers are showy from mid-summer until autumn.
Flowers are showy pink to crimson and borne in terminal panicles.
Flowers are showy pink to white.
Flowers are showy white with yellow spots in the spring.
Flowers are showy with a green-white hue and very noticeable in summer.
Flowers are showy, perfect, and borne in flat-topped corymbs.
Flowers are showy, rose to purple in color.
Flowers are showy, terminal inflorescences.
Flowers are showy, umbrella-like clusters and appear in late summer.
Flowers are silk.
Flowers are similar in morphology to peach, but white, smaller, and have longer pedicels.
Flowers are similar to floating water hyacinth but are often less robust and more blue in color.
Flowers are similar to Hibiscus.
Flowers are similar to other blackberries, but solitary on reddish stems.
Flowers are simple and arise on single or sparsely branched, upright, open racemes.
Flowers are simple people and they echo the simplicity of self-inquiry.
Flowers are simular to the standard variety of red purpurata.
Flowers are single and axillary in position.
Flowers are single or double and available in the same colorful variety as the zonal geraniums.
Flowers are single or double in form.
Flowers are single or double, and come in almost all colors.
Flowers are single or semidouble with a contrasting dark center.
Flowers are single, and golden stamens profusely fill the center of each bloom.
Flowers are single, and have light pink petals which contrast nicely with purple stamens .
Flowers are single, crimson-red.
Flowers are single, semidouble, and double.
Flowers are single, with bright yellow stamens at the center.
Flowers are slightly aromatic.
Flowers are slightly fragrant.
Flowers are slightly protandrous, or distinctly homogamous.
Flowers are slightly scented and silvery white in summer.
Flowers are small and as a catkin, the male as a pendulous ament, the female in cymes.
Flowers are small and borne in various inflorescence types.
Flowers are small and borne on an axillary or terminal panicle, raceme or spike.
Flowers are small and borne on an inflorescence of catkin-like spikes.
Flowers are small and borne on axillary cymes, panicles or solitary clusters.
Flowers are small and borne on dense terminal racemes or spikes.
Flowers are small and borne on inflorescences of various types.
Flowers are small and cream colored.
Flowers are small and disappear soon after pollination.
Flowers are small and distorted and leaves are pale.
Flowers are small and green and borne on inflorescences of cymes, panicles or spikes.
Flowers are small and green and lack distinctive petals.
Flowers are small and green.
Flowers are small and greenish and borne on inflorescences of panicles, spikes or axillary cymes.
Flowers are small and greenish, apetalous.
Flowers are small and in an inflorescence of dense, round heads.
Flowers are small and in inflorescences of corymbs, panicles, racemes, or umbels.
Flowers are small and inconspicuous in most species.
Flowers are small and inconspicuous, but are commonly very fragrant.
Flowers are small and inconspicuous.
Flowers are small and inconspicuousin most species.
Flowers are small and maroon.
Flowers are small and numerous, yellowish or greenish-white and grouped into large, compound umbels.
Flowers are small and packed in dense, oval-shaped heads.
Flowers are small and packed into dense oval-shaped heads.
Flowers are small and pale yellow-green.
Flowers are small and pinkish-white.
Flowers are small and purple, appearing in late summer.
Flowers are small and purple.
Flowers are small and red, arrange in umbels.
Flowers are small and very fragrant.
Flowers are small and white and occur in umbrella-like clusters.
Flowers are small and white with small black fruits.
Flowers are small and white with yellow anthers.
Flowers are small and white, and have five petals.
Flowers are small and white, blooming at the leaf axils or branch tips.
Flowers are small and white, highly aromatic , and occur in tight clusters.
Flowers are small and white.
Flowers are small and yellow in the late winter and spring.
Flowers are small and yellow, and cover bush after good rain.
Flowers are small and yellow, and look like dandelions.
Flowers are small and yellow.
Flowers are small and yellow-green.
Flowers are small axillary white blooms.
Flowers are small bell shaped, white in color and conspicuous.
Flowers are small but numerous changing to large showy clusters of berries.
Flowers are small cream white in summer.
Flowers are small in umbel or panicle-like clusters.
Flowers are small pale pink with a fragrance of anis at night.
Flowers are small to medium sized and fleshy.
Flowers are small white clusters.
Flowers are small white in color and are formed on many branched umbrella-shaped clusters.
Flowers are small white stars forming dense, umbel at top of stem.
Flowers are small with unisexual and bisexual flowers on the same plant.
Flowers are small yellowish-white inconspicuous inflorescences.
Flowers are small, appear in clusters at branch tips or leaf axils.
Flowers are small, but most cultivars flower freely over a long period of time.
Flowers are small, densely haired and unisexual.
Flowers are small, green and inconspicuous in clusters on terminal branches.
Flowers are small, greenish, and occur in racemes .
Flowers are small, in round clusters at the top of erect stems.
Flowers are small, lavender or pink, and similar in shape to thistle blossoms.
Flowers are small, pink and showy and attract a lot of bees.
Flowers are small, pink or white and sweetly scented.
Flowers are small, purple, and grow in a row on flowering stalk.
Flowers are small, regular and bisexual.
Flowers are small, tubular, yellow or greenish-yellow, borne in small terminal or axillary clusters.
Flowers are small, white and generally inconspicuous.
Flowers are small, white or yellowish and scented.
Flowers are small, white, and clustered.
Flowers are small, white, and occur in spring and early summer.
Flowers are small, white, and star-shaped.
Flowers are small, without petals, chartreuse in color, in loose sprays or clusters.
Flowers are small, yellow and contain five petals.
Flowers are small, yellow, and pendant, with a large red calyx.
Flowers are small, yellowish white, with inflorecent head.
Flowers are small,greenish, and odorless.
Flowers are small.
Flowers are smaller and without beards but very effective in the woodland garden.
Flowers are smaller than most species.
Flowers are smaller than normal .
Flowers are soft music with a scent.
Flowers are soft pink.
Flowers are soft yellow.
Flowers are softest buttery yellow, fading to apricot in the throat and with petals backed in brown.
Flowers are solid, bright orange.
Flowers are solids.
Flowers are solitary and axillary.
Flowers are solitary and terminal on main stems and branches.
Flowers are solitary and terminal.
Flowers are solitary at the ends of branches.
Flowers are solitary at the nodes, nodding on erect peduncles a little shorter than the petioles.
Flowers are solitary in leaf axils or along the branches.
Flowers are solitary in the axils of the leaves.
Flowers are solitary, appearing after the leaves in late spring.
Flowers are solitary, bisexual and regular.
Flowers are some of our most beautiful plants.
Flowers are something for human beings.
Flowers are sometimes petalless and have conspicuous, colourful calyces.
Flowers are somewhat fragrant.
Flowers are sparse and borne on very short peduncles.
Flowers are special for birthdays, anniversaries, and special occasions.
Flowers are spectacular in shades from white to azure blue.
Flowers are star like and have a rich and fruity fragrants.
Flowers are star shaped with five petals and are white tinged with pink.
Flowers are star-shaped, bright blue with white centers.
Flowers are star-shaped.
Flowers are still the best way to a woman's heart.
Flowers are still the heart and soul of perfumery.
Flowers are stimulant and aphrodisiac.
Flowers are stimulant, tonic and stomachic.
Flowers are strongly bilabiate in terminal racemes.
Flowers are stunted and fewer in number.
Flowers are subject to the whims of nature.
Flowers are sunshine, food and medicine to the soul.
Flowers are sweet scented with honey-like perfume.
Flowers are sweetly-scented.
Flowers are terminal on short leafless stalks .
Flowers are terminal, corymbose , few-flowered, dense and fragrant.
Flowers are terminal, green to white and very small.
Flowers are the artistic touches that set the tone for the way the story unfolds.
Flowers are the best way to brighten someone's day, or say thanks for a job well done.
Flowers are the colorful bits of perfection in our imperfect universe.
Flowers are the leading decoration patterns for fences, doors and gutters.
Flowers are the main reproductive organ of the plant.
Flowers are the major greenhouse crops.
Flowers are the most complex.
Flowers are the most gorgeous of the marantaceae family.
Flowers are the most natural and the most intense incarnation of color.
Flowers are the most recent evolutionary advantage for plants.
Flowers are the most simple and natural ornaments a young lady can wear.
Flowers are the most sophisticated and delicate form of plant reproduction.
Flowers are the number one gift in the civilized world.
Flowers are the only redeeeming feature.
Flowers are the part of plants that make seeds which in turn make new plants.
Flowers are the perfect business gift.
Flowers are the perfect choice as an expression of one's thoughts.
Flowers are the plant's reproductive structures.
Flowers are the primary structures used in grouping plant families.
Flowers are the reproductive organs in plants.
Flowers are the reproductive organs of a plant.
Flowers are the reproductive organs of most familiar plants.
Flowers are the reproductive organs of plants.
Flowers are the reproductive organs of the angiosperms.
Flowers are the reproductive part of a plant.
Flowers are the reproductive part of most plants.
Flowers are the reproductive part of the plant.
Flowers are the reproductive shoots of the angiosperm sporophyte.
Flowers are the reproductive structures of a flowering plant.
Flowers are the reproductive structures of plants.
Flowers are the same.
Flowers are the sex organs of certain plants and hold the male and female gamete producing systems.
Flowers are the sexual organs of flowering plants, usually containing both male and female parts.
Flowers are the source of many perfumes.
Flowers are the source of nectar for a preferred honey.
Flowers are the tools that plants use to make their seeds.
Flowers are the tools that plants use to produce seeds .
Flowers are the typical four petals with two being much longer than others.
Flowers are the typical medium blue.
Flowers are the very antithesis of war and murder and other beastly acts of mankind.
Flowers are themselves like works of art possessing line, form, color, texture, pattern and design.
Flowers are tightly packed cattail like leaves with a vertical midrib.
Flowers are time periods.
Flowers are tiny and green.
Flowers are tiny and white and the fruit is a small whitish berry.
Flowers are tiny but delicately arranged on the compound, racemose inflorescence.
Flowers are tiny but plentiful and grow in clusters around the stem.
Flowers are tiny in size.
Flowers are tiny, brown and wind pollinated.
Flowers are tiny, red, and bell-shaped on slender stalks.
Flowers are tiny, yellow and many are in a dense cluster.
Flowers are tiny.
Flowers are to be kept in shatter-proof containers.
Flowers are too messy.
Flowers are top quality, sleeved, bar coded, and shelf ready.
Flowers are touchable.
Flowers are tubular and bird pollinated, attracting nectar-feeding birds, especially sunbirds.
Flowers are tubular and red, pink, yellow, or white, often striped and mottled.
Flowers are tubular and whitish on the inside.
Flowers are tubular in rings on long spires.
Flowers are tubular, bright red at the mouth, fading to yellow at the base.
Flowers are tubular, with five partially fused petals and a solitary pistil.
Flowers are two to two and one half inches in diameter.
Flowers are two-tone pink stars .
Flowers are two-toned medium pink.
Flowers are typical Cruciferae.
Flowers are typically blue, although there is a variety that produces white flowers.
Flowers are typically white, although some are pink or even red.
Flowers are typically yellow, but there are a few scarce white forms.
Flowers are unable to open properly and are deformed and contorted.
Flowers are unisexual with male and female flowers on separate plants.
Flowers are unisexual, with each flower cluster containing both male and female flowers.
Flowers are unshowey and green.
Flowers are unspotted and are long lasting in arangements.
Flowers are unusual in that the curve outwards.
Flowers are up to nine-tenths water.
Flowers are upright on stem and plants bloom at an early age.
Flowers are used by plants for sexual reproduction.
Flowers are useful in soothing skin irritations.
Flowers are usually bisexual and have no petals but have sepals that mimic petals.
Flowers are usually bisexual, radially symmetric, often associated with bracts.
Flowers are usually blue, but also come in white, pink, red, violet, and purple.
Flowers are usually blue.
Flowers are usually bright yellow colored.
Flowers are usually monoecious.
Flowers are usually perfect, terminal, large, and showy.
Flowers are usually pink, red or white.
Flowers are usually profuse, and open before the leaves emerge on the plant.
Flowers are usually purple, although white varieties are available.
Flowers are usually red, rose or white.
Flowers are usually scarlet in color.
Flowers are usually soft pastels.
Flowers are usually white but forms with pink or pink-striped flowers are known.
Flowers are usually white or pink and many are delightfully fragrant.
Flowers are usually white with a purple tinge.
Flowers are usually yellow and are in bloom in late winter to early spring.
Flowers are usually yellow or sometimes white, with three petals.
Flowers are variable too, but in most species they are tubular and orange or red.
Flowers are various shades of blue or violet, but there are also white- flowered varieties.
Flowers are various shades of pink.
Flowers are very attractive pink puffs.
Flowers are very fragrant and small red fruit is decorative.
Flowers are very fragrant, and the plants bloom profusely until frost.
Flowers are very fragrant.
Flowers are very full and ruffled and have an unusual folded ruffling in the throat.
Flowers are very light pink stars .
Flowers are very perishable.
Flowers are very popular in Russia.
Flowers are very prolific and appear from spring to fall.
Flowers are very rewarding to grow.
Flowers are very round and long lasting.
Flowers are very sensitive instruments for measuring and expressing emotions.
Flowers are very showy and range in color depending on the cultivar.
Flowers are very showy and similar to the Japanese tree lilac.
Flowers are very showy and white.
Flowers are very showy in the early winter.
Flowers are very showy.
Flowers are very similar in shape and possibly just a bit smaller in size.
Flowers are very small and borne in an inflorescence of axillary clusters.
Flowers are very small and in terminal pairs on a common peduncle .
Flowers are very small and in the center of the rosette.
Flowers are very small and inconspicuous, with no sepals or petals.
Flowers are very small and white, and grow in the leaf axils.
Flowers are very small and white.
Flowers are very small.
Flowers are very tasty.
Flowers are very tiny and white.
Flowers are very wonderful.
Flowers are very, very similar on both.
Flowers are vibrant and alive.
Flowers are violet blue with yellow anthers and deep orange stigmas.
Flowers are violet in colour.
Flowers are violet pink with a yellow eye held in whorls sometimes tiered.
Flowers are violet to light-violet with yellow anthers.
Flowers are violet to purple and are produced in dense clusters at the tips of branches.
Flowers are violet to reddish.
Flowers are violet with white tips.
Flowers are violet, blue, white or yellow.
Flowers are violet-blue and slightly fragrant.
Flowers are violet-coloured and scented.
Flowers are violet-purple or sometimes white.
Flowers are watermelon pink with rose-purple ips and dramatic yellow throats.
Flowers are waxy, and colors include pale pink to magenta, red, purple, lavender, orange and white.
Flowers are weak creatures.
Flowers are weather-resistant silk roses.
Flowers are welcome in all areas except in critical care units.
Flowers are welcome.
Flowers are well clustered and the plant habit is very neat.
Flowers are what they like to eat especially roses because they want to be sweet.
Flowers are where sexual reproduction occurs in angiosperms.
Flowers are white and appear before leaves.
Flowers are white and appear in early summer.
Flowers are white and appear in long spikes similar to a bottlebrush.
Flowers are white and are later and less abundant than most Dogwood.
Flowers are white and arranged in clusters or heads.
Flowers are white and bell-shaped forming drooping clusters.
Flowers are white and bell-shaped forming drooping graceful clusters.
Flowers are white and bell-shaped.
Flowers are white and borne as solitary flowers or a few in a cluster.
Flowers are white and borne solitarily, or few flowers in a cluster.
Flowers are white and daisy-like.
Flowers are white and few in number.
Flowers are white and fragrant in summer.
Flowers are white and fragrant.
Flowers are white and green.
Flowers are white and have six small petals.
Flowers are white and it has small red fruit clusters.
Flowers are white and lacy.
Flowers are white and make appearance in spring and summer.
Flowers are white and often abort before opening.
Flowers are white and pink, sometimes red.
Flowers are white and purple stars .
Flowers are white and star-like.
Flowers are white and star-shaped and bloom all year long.
Flowers are white and sticky, emerging from pink buds.
Flowers are white bells and very showy.
Flowers are white in dense clusters.
Flowers are white in fringe-like, drooping clusters.
Flowers are white in long dense clusters.
Flowers are white lightly tinged rose, deeprer in throat with slight red spotting on upper segment.
Flowers are white on stiffly upright stems.
Flowers are white or bluish and in clusters.
Flowers are white or faintly tinged pink.
Flowers are white or pink and leaves are arrow-shaped and stem hollow.
Flowers are white or pink depending on the species.
Flowers are white or pink in color.
Flowers are white or pink, profuse, and occur in spring and early summer.
Flowers are white or pink, small, solitary and axillary.
Flowers are white or pink.
Flowers are white or pinkish-white.
Flowers are white or reddish to purple.
Flowers are white or rosy, single and located at the tip of tiny shoots.
Flowers are white or yellow.
Flowers are white pyramidal clusters.
Flowers are white spathes that transform to spikes of rich red berries.
Flowers are white stars .
Flowers are white stars with a red center.
Flowers are white stars with traces of purple on the edge and center.
Flowers are white to light pink.
Flowers are white to light yellow tinged with pink and apricot.
Flowers are white to pale blue with dark blue stripes running down the centers of the petals.
Flowers are white to pale pink in the north, yellow, blue and violet in the south.
Flowers are white to pink in the spring.
Flowers are white to pink, bell-shaped, inconspicuous, in small numerous compact clusters.
Flowers are white to pink.
Flowers are white to purple, depending on variety.
Flowers are white to purplish.
Flowers are white to rose, or occasionally purplish.
Flowers are white with a blue center.
Flowers are white with a blue edge.
Flowers are white with a burgundy center.
Flowers are white with a dark pink edge.
Flowers are white with a light purple center and edge.
Flowers are white with a pink edge.
Flowers are white with a purple center.
Flowers are white with a purple edge.
Flowers are white with a red center.
Flowers are white with a red edge.
Flowers are white with a touch of yellow.
Flowers are white with a wide red edge.
Flowers are white with a wide, purple edge.
Flowers are white with an unpleasant odor.
Flowers are white with five deeply divided petals, which give the appearance of having ten.
Flowers are white with five petals growing in clusters at stem ends.
Flowers are white with five round petals.
Flowers are white with four petals that form a cross.
Flowers are white with lavender shading.
Flowers are white with maroon and orange blotches and very showy.
Flowers are white with maroon centers.
Flowers are white with pale lavender veins.
Flowers are white with pink pigment and orange-yellow anthers.
Flowers are white with purple or red bracts.
Flowers are white with red rays.
Flowers are white with small calyx's.
Flowers are white with small violet veins and feathering in the upper petals.
Flowers are white with yellow as the name implies.
Flowers are white, and form small heads.
Flowers are white, and fruit is red or yellowish.
Flowers are white, bell-shaped and showy.
Flowers are white, changing to purplish pink and begin in mid summer.
Flowers are white, double and about an inch in diameter with a fragrance like violets.
Flowers are white, forming dense delicate clusters.
Flowers are white, fragrant, pea-like and showy.
Flowers are white, pink, or greenish.
Flowers are white, pink, or purple.
Flowers are white, pink, or white with pink.
Flowers are white, pink, red and single or double during spring and summer.
Flowers are white, red, yellow, pink, salmon, rosy etc.
Flowers are white, small and fragrant.
Flowers are white, solitary in the axils of the leaves.
Flowers are white, sometimes pink, and are clove-scented.
Flowers are white, white frilly filaments and dark purple centers.
Flowers are white, yellow, or pink to purple.
Flowers are white, yellow, orange or reddish purple.
Flowers are white, yellow, pink and purple.
Flowers are white, yellowish white, or pinkish white.
Flowers are white.
Flowers are white.
Flowers are wide and flat.
Flowers are wonderful for everyday life.
Flowers are wonderful when first delivered, but wilt within days.
Flowers are woolly and pink with upright red-purple styles.
Flowers are woolly-surfaced, tubular to bellshaped.
Flowers are words which even a baby can understand.
Flowers are yellow and are borne at the base of the plant in late summer.
Flowers are yellow and are composed of inner disk flowers and outer ray flowers.
Flowers are yellow and arranged in a clump on a stalk which rises from the base of the plant.
Flowers are yellow and bisexual.
Flowers are yellow and fruit is a dark blue drupe on a red stalk.
Flowers are yellow and in clusters.
Flowers are yellow and inconspicuous.
Flowers are yellow and nodding.
Flowers are yellow and occur in clusters at the ends of branches.
Flowers are yellow and occur in clusters on stems about the same length as the leaves.
Flowers are yellow and perfumed and appear in autumn or winter.
Flowers are yellow and purple, hand made and painted, and wire wrapped.
Flowers are yellow and red.
Flowers are yellow and solitary with one petal much larger than the others.
Flowers are yellow and terminal unless noted.
Flowers are yellow and thread-like and bloom in autumn.
Flowers are yellow colored and they attract bees, responsible for the pollination.
Flowers are yellow in large, drooping clusters.
Flowers are yellow in late winter and early spring.
Flowers are yellow or red.
Flowers are yellow racemes that have a spicy fragrance in late winter early spring.
Flowers are yellow to greenish-white in small panicles .
Flowers are yellow with fine brown spotting.
Flowers are yellow with four petals.
Flowers are yellow with maroon stripes on the inside of the lower petals.
Flowers are yellow with orange centers and have a snapdragon type of shape.
Flowers are yellow with orange splotches and tulip-like.
Flowers are yellow with purple centers.
Flowers are yellow with purple veins in the centre.
Flowers are yellow with red centers.
Flowers are yellow, blue, turquoise, light and deep dark greens.
Flowers are yellow, commonly flecked or speckled with red-brown.
Flowers are yellow, gold, or .
Flowers are yellow, red, cream and pink.
Flowers are yellow, tubular, fragrant, solitary or in cymes in late winter to early spring.
Flowers are yellow.
Flowers are yellow.
Flowers are yellow-green in colour, occurring in the the upper leaf axils and are very prolific.
Flowers are yellow-green.
Flowers are yellowish green in color.
Flowers are yellowish green in spring and are considered to be racemes.
Flowers are yellowish green with yellow anthers.
Flowers are yellowish or yellowish brown and are borne on small spikelets.
Flowers are yellowish white or white.
Flowers are yellowish, appearing in mid- spring just before leaves.
Flowers are yellowish-white born in upright pyramidal clusters all over the surface of the tree.
Flowers are yellow-white and fragrant.
Flowers aren t the only part of the plant that is used.
Flowers arise at the point where the leaves are attached to the stem.
Flowers arise from a modified stem called the receptacle.
Flowers arise from roots.
Flowers arise from the whorl.
Flowers arise singly from the leaf axils.
Flowers arrive for junior high students, and huge bouquets of balloons for first-graders.
Flowers attacked by the potato leafhopper include dahlia, rose, and sunflower.
Flowers attract animal pollinators carrying pollen from other plants of the same species.
Flowers attract animals through bright colors or by aroma.
Flowers attract ants.
Flowers attract attention.
Flowers attract bees and many insects on leaves.
Flowers attract bees by their fragrant aroma, by their bright colors, and by their sweet taste.
Flowers attract bees, butterflies and moths.
Flowers attract bees.
Flowers attract bees.
Flowers attract birds, especially tuis. - recommended for difficult sites as a shelter tree.
Flowers attract birds.
Flowers attract birds.
Flowers attract blowflies.
Flowers attract butterflies and vary in size and color.
Flowers attract butterflies.
Flowers attract butterflies.
Flowers attract creatures.
Flowers attract different pollinators.
Flowers attract every species of stinging insects.
Flowers attract honeybees to pollinate fruit and butterflies to add beauty.
Flowers attract honeybees.
Flowers attract hummingbirds and butterflies.
Flowers attract hummingbirds.
Flowers attract hummingbirds.
Flowers attract immediate attention.
Flowers attract insect bees.
Flowers attract insects, which pollinate flowers.
Flowers attract insects.
Flowers attract lots of bees.
Flowers attract numerous insects.
Flowers attract other insects.
Flowers attract pollinators, and fruits are eaten by animals, which help disperse the seeds.
Flowers attract pollinators.
Flowers attract small birds.
Flowers attract tuis.
Flowers attract various insects.
Flowers attract various small birds.
Flowers attract wasps.
Flowers autumn to spring, oblong and brownish-pink.
Flowers ball badly in rain.
Flowers bear a white rib, resembling the popular holiday pot plant.
Flowers bear pollen.
Flowers bear viable pollen.
Flowers beautify many of the street corners throughout the fairgrounds.
Flowers become brittle, colors darken and flowers are fragile.
Flowers become flecked, spotted, and deformed and many buds fail to open.
Flowers become moldy.
Flowers become papery with age.
Flowers become round blue-green fruit that turn brownish in fall and split to show orange seeds.
Flowers become things of passion.
Flowers become upright as fruit matures.
Flowers bedeck the area during summer months.
Flowers begin development sheathed inside a pair of subfloral leaves.
Flowers begin pollination.
Flowers begin to form in the spring before the leaves expand.
Flowers begin to open late afternoon.
Flowers begin to wither away.
Flowers belong to every day and every occasion.
Flowers bi- sexual or somewhat monoecious, in axillary peduncled heads.
Flowers bloom all year round.
Flowers bloom almost year round supporting a variety of beneficial insect life.
Flowers bloom and are pollinated underwater, often producing seeds in great quantities.
Flowers bloom and bushes sprout.
Flowers bloom and quickly develop seeds.
Flowers bloom and they fade.
Flowers bloom at different times depending on climate and other conditions.
Flowers bloom beside the roadway.
Flowers bloom evening and morning, close in heat of midday.
Flowers bloom everywhere and the trees are most unusual.
Flowers bloom everywhere year-round.
Flowers bloom everywhere, and the whole countryside looks like a vast garden.
Flowers bloom first in the woodlands because they get an early start.
Flowers bloom first year and add a lovely spot of color in the late summer garden.
Flowers bloom in a wide range of colors, including white, purple, yellow, blue, green, pink and red.
Flowers bloom in back of the hotel, filling the windows with blooms of yellow.
Flowers bloom in boxes and in fields.
Flowers bloom in clusters at the end of tall, single, stiff stems.
Flowers bloom in clusters.
Flowers bloom in dense clusters on top of dwarf plants.
Flowers bloom in dense flat topped clusters.
Flowers bloom in early springs.
Flowers bloom in early summer.
Flowers bloom in front of the gallery in season, and fresh cut flowers appear inside every day.
Flowers bloom in late springs.
Flowers bloom in late summer.
Flowers bloom in late winter and spring in warm areas and in summer in cool zones.
Flowers bloom in loosely branching racemes.
Flowers bloom in lovely bright shades of red, pink, white, purple, and blue.
Flowers bloom in months.
Flowers bloom in painted hues and landscapes recline in pastel moods.
Flowers bloom in praiase of all creation, wither and die.
Flowers bloom in profusion in spring against a background of leftover snow.
Flowers bloom in seasons.
Flowers bloom in shades of red, pink, white and yellow.
Flowers bloom in shades of red, yellow, pink, or orange.
Flowers bloom in spring and are entirely pale yellow, including the centers.
Flowers bloom in spring or early summer and are small greenish-white or pinkish.
Flowers bloom in springs.
Flowers bloom in summer months.
Flowers bloom in summer.
Flowers bloom in summer.
Flowers bloom in the background of almost every scene.
Flowers bloom in the cemetery.
Flowers bloom in the garden all year round.
Flowers bloom in the gardens the year around.
Flowers bloom in the middle of the current.
Flowers bloom in the spring.
Flowers bloom in time.
Flowers bloom in wet seasons.
Flowers bloom most of the summer.
Flowers bloom most of the year, and the area is naturally hospitable to tropical plant life.
Flowers bloom next to the freeway.
Flowers bloom on long, slightly curving stems in cream, yellow, coral, orange, and red.
Flowers bloom on six foot scapes.
Flowers bloom on stalks called scapes.
Flowers bloom profusely in sunny locations.
Flowers bloom slowly or quickly.
Flowers bloom then die.
Flowers bloom with a deep red-purple color.
Flowers bloom year round.
Flowers bloom year-around and parts of the island bulge with orange and lemon trees.
Flowers bloom, adding splashes of color to bright green meadows.
Flowers bloom, and their scent is very pleasant.
Flowers bloom, crops become bountiful, all female beings become fertile.
Flowers bloom, the grass grows, the air is fresh and cool.
Flowers bloom, the grasses grow, all of nature is most fertile.
Flowers bloom, the trees have new leaves and baby animals are born.
Flowers bloom, then wither.
Flowers blossom all around, in blazes of red and blue and yellow.
Flowers blossom and fall.
Flowers blossom in spring, and fruit ripens in autumn.
Flowers blossom with the exuberance of hope and new beginning.
Flowers blossom year round in a riot of color.
Flowers blossom, the trees become full with leaves and the grass turns green again.
Flowers borne in compound terminal umbels are small and white.
Flowers bow gracefully in the wind.
Flowers branch up above plant on tall stems in tiny clusters of white and pink.
Flowers break through the snow every spring.
Flowers brighten up the office and increase chi.
Flowers brightgreen with white centre.
Flowers bring colour and beauty to our gardens, homes, malls and boulevards.
Flowers bring smiles, or comfort.
Flowers broadly funnel shaped and densely hairy outside, pale pinkish- purple in colour.
Flowers bud at an areole and new stems branch from an areole.
Flowers bud in a ring around the top of the plant.
Flowers burst out onto the alley side so the gardeners can use all the space available.
Flowers burst through the children's coating, and spring blooms outside and inside the classroom.
Flowers bursting into full bloom on spindly stems don t last long.
Flowers can abort development before completion.
Flowers can add a special flavor, or a beautiful presentation.
Flowers can add sparkle to any occasion.
Flowers can age to pinks and wines before finally turning brown.
Flowers can also be useful, providing culinary herbs for the table and cut flowers for arrangements.
Flowers can be a nice touch and addition.
Flowers can be a source of infection and a safety hazard in the unit.
Flowers can be all different colors.
Flowers can be another large expense.
Flowers can be as simple as cutting circles out of colored construction paper.
Flowers can be blue, pink or white.
Flowers can be either perfect or imperfect.
Flowers can be fragrant.
Flowers can be gold, white, pink and red, and bloom from summer into fall.
Flowers can be in various shades from yellow to reddish pink.
Flowers can be inspirational and a creative outlet.
Flowers can be over an inch in diameter.
Flowers can be pink, lavender or white.
Flowers can be pink, pale pink, or sometimes white with purple centers.
Flowers can be saucer, cup or bowl-shaped and sometimes spherical when they first open.
Flowers can be self or cross pollinated.
Flowers can be sexy, and so can clothing.
Flowers can be showy or highly reduced.
Flowers can be single or double and the delicate petals are often fringed.
Flowers can be single, double or semidouble and come in all colors, even near-black.
Flowers can be single, semi-double or double in regard to number of petals.
Flowers can be single, semi-double, or fully double blooms that look like miniature roses.
Flowers can be singles or fancy camellia-like doubles and are in the same color range as impatiens.
Flowers can be so dense they usually hide the leaf surface.
Flowers can be very expensive.
Flowers can be white or a bright color such as yellow, orange, red, or lavender.
Flowers can be white or white tinged with pink.
Flowers can be white, lilac or pale blue in color and are self-pollinated.
Flowers can be white, pink, or blue and some even change from pink to blue.
Flowers can be white.
Flowers can be yellow, orange, gold, mahogany or bi-colored.
Flowers can become shriveled and discolored.
Flowers can boost emotional health.
Flowers can breath without being damaged.
Flowers can brighten up anyone's day.
Flowers can bring most any room alive with possibilities.
Flowers can convey the traditional wedding messages very effectively.
Flowers can do so much from accentuating special occasions to lifting someone's spirit.
Flowers can double as a kick returner.
Flowers can form fruits containing seed.
Flowers can get damn pricey, though, especially at the last minute.
Flowers can get through a brick wall no matter how thick it is.
Flowers can grow in the desert.
Flowers can hang down to better catch the wind.
Flowers can have a greenish turquoise tinge, depending on soil type.
Flowers can have any size or shape or smell.
Flowers can have either all male parts, all female parts, or a combination.
Flowers can have more than one pistil.
Flowers can have one to many carpels.
Flowers can help create a theme such as festive, romantic or playful.
Flowers can help create the mood, whether relaxing or celebrating, or both.
Flowers can help weed control.
Flowers can help.
Flowers can increase customer loyalty, build brand awareness and turn prospects into clients.
Flowers can last a lifetime.
Flowers can last for as long as a month in the garden.
Flowers can last for days when picked and kept in water.
Flowers can last for months, days, or only hours.
Flowers can last one day to many weeks, depending on the type.
Flowers can occur from early spring up to killing frost, producing many seeds annually.
Flowers can range from pale pink, to deep rose, to almost cherry red.
Flowers can really have some special meaning.
Flowers can reflect many religious beliefs, including eternal life and rebirth.
Flowers can say a lot, but old findings reborn anew suggest they also do much more.
Flowers can send a message of finality as well as affection.
Flowers can take up to a week or longer to dry.
Flowers can take up to three to four weeks.
Flowers carry pollen.
Flowers cascade atop the coffin and over the floor overflowing all empty space.
Flowers catkins appearing in the early spring.
Flowers catkins appearing in the early Spring.
Flowers celebrate birth and marriage, and mourn death.
Flowers change from electric blue or violet to paler with bright yellow tips.
Flowers change to attract pollinators.
Flowers change to green tinged crimson in Autumn.
Flowers change to seedheads, pods and berries.
Flowers characteristically open below the leaves.
Flowers cheer up our outdoor spaces and make our gardens look more interesting.
Flowers Click on any image to see a larger view.
Flowers Click on number for larger image.
Flowers Click on the image to view in more detail.
Flowers Click on the storefront to enter.
Flowers Click on the thumbnail to view larger image.
Flowers climb around the doorway and up the side.
Flowers close at night and on cloudy days.
Flowers close at night and on very cloudy days.
Flowers close at night and open again in the morning.
Flowers close at night.
Flowers close up at night.
Flowers close up before a storm.
Flowers closely resemble the pandurata, but somewhat smaller and has a better shape.
Flowers cluster at top of short stalk.
Flowers cluster into a half daisy like pattern.
Flowers come alive.
Flowers come and go.
Flowers come from buds.
Flowers come from strawberry buds.
Flowers come in a multitude of colors ranging from yellow, red and pink to white or purple.
Flowers come in a range of colors, from white through pinks, corals, reds and lavender violets.
Flowers come in a wide range of bright colors.
Flowers come in all shapes, colors and sizes.
Flowers come in all shapes, sizes and colors.
Flowers come in big clusters.
Flowers come in color.
Flowers come in different color.
Flowers come in many different color.
Flowers come in many different colors, shapes, and sizes.
Flowers come in many different shapes, sizes, colors, heights, weights, etc.
Flowers come in pink, purple, red, white and yellow.
Flowers come in red, pink or white.
Flowers come in shades of mostly red.
Flowers come in shades of yellow, pink, red and orange.
Flowers come in singles and doubles.
Flowers come in so many different colours, shapes and sizes.
Flowers come in various shades of rose and pink, depending on cultivar.
Flowers come in white and shades of pink and purple.
Flowers come in white, pink, red, and lavender spikes.
Flowers come in white, pink, red, blue, purple, and yellow.
Flowers come in white, rose, red and purple and are excellent in dried arrangements.
Flowers come out before any foliage in the spring.
Flowers complement the bride and groom, and wedding ceremony.
Flowers compliment most any decor.
Flowers consist of buds.
Flowers consist of five petals, five stamens, and an entire calyx.
Flowers consist of florets.
Flowers consist of huge, ball-shaped inflorescences on the most common variety.
Flowers consist of numerous florets.
Flowers consist of petals.
Flowers consist of reflex petals.
Flowers consist of stamens.
Flowers consist of white petals.
Flowers consist of yellow petals.
Flowers constantly form which permits constant refruiting.
Flowers contain a nectiferous disk.
Flowers contain both male and female parts.
Flowers contain both male and female producing parts.
Flowers contain female organs.
Flowers contain female reproductive organs.
Flowers contain female reproductive structures that produce seeds .
Flowers contain female reproductive structures that produce seeds.
Flowers contain male reproductive organs and female reproductive organs.
Flowers contain nectar.
Flowers contain numerous stamens and tiny pistils.
Flowers contain organs.
Flowers contain ovaries which surround and protect the seeds.
Flowers contain petals.
Flowers contain phytosterols.
Flowers contain pistils.
Flowers contain pollen and tiny eggs called ovules.
Flowers contain pollen.
Flowers contain reproductive organs protected by specialized leaves.
Flowers contain reproductive organs.
Flowers contain sepals.
Flowers contain sex organs.
Flowers contain simple pistils.
Flowers contain sporangia and are the site where gametophytes develop.
Flowers contain stamens.
Flowers contain stigma.
Flowers contain the plant's reproductive structures.
Flowers contain the reproductive organs of a plant.
Flowers contain the reproductive parts of flowering plants.
Flowers contain the reproductive parts of the cotton plant.
Flowers contain the structures used in plant sexual reproduction.
Flowers contain tiny petals.
Flowers contain white petals.
Flowers continue to develop at the tip of the peduncle as it grows.
Flowers continue to open, getting flatter , but still very nice to see.
Flowers convey a special feeling of love.
Flowers convey hope and rock gardens peace.
Flowers convey many symbolic themes to the viewer.
Flowers cream to orange buff tinged crimson.
Flowers create a pleasant atmosphere in the home and office.
Flowers currently are the third most profitable sellers on the Web.
Flowers currently blooming include primrose, wall flowers, golden smoke, verbena and mustard.
Flowers decorate doors and windows.
Flowers decorate the church and school landscape in the spring and summer.
Flowers decorate the graves or altar and incense is burned.
Flowers decorate the rooms and there are no televisions, radios or telephones.
Flowers decorate the spandrels of the arches.
Flowers decorate the window boxes and grapes dangle from arbors.
Flowers definitely bring about some sort of emotional response.
Flowers definitely have romantic meaning.
Flowers delight the mind body and spirit.
Flowers depend on bats for pollination.
Flowers depend on bees.
Flowers depend on the couple's taste and budget.
Flowers depend upon animals for pollination.
Flowers depict the year the Homestead opened at the entrance .
Flowers describes how to build a sustainable community that works.
Flowers develop from axils.
Flowers develop from buds along the stem of a plant.
Flowers develop from buds.
Flowers develop from flower buds.
Flowers develop improperly.
Flowers develop in clusters and spiral around the main axis.
Flowers develop in clusters on the tips of branches and stems.
Flowers develop into brown, woody capsules that contain flat, tannish seeds.
Flowers develop into fruit.
Flowers develop into narrow seed capsules or pods.
Flowers develop into tomato fruit.
Flowers develop into vegetable fruit.
Flowers develop on growth of the previous year.
Flowers develop on wood that grew the previous year.
Flowers develop seeds.
Flowers develop shoots.
Flowers develop that contain both male and female reproductive organs.
Flowers develop whitish spots, turn a papery brown, and become covered with gray, fuzzy masses.
Flowers developing at higher temperatures develop faster and tend to have weaker stems.
Flowers dice- cious or somewhat monoecious, small, greenish, clustered at the ends of the branches.
Flowers die after awhile.
Flowers die and there has already been a death.
Flowers die in days and balloons deflate.
Flowers die, but come to life again.
Flowers die, clothing gets worn, but jewelry lasts.
Flowers differ greatly between plant species.
Flowers differ in how much sunlight they absorb.
Flowers Direct The best online flower ordering on the web.
Flowers do some pretty remarkable things.
Flowers do the rest.
Flowers do the same thing.
Flowers do vary in different shades of blue, depending upon the variety chosen.
Flowers dotting the surface turn into machine flywheels.
Flowers dove to the ground, and the two females ran away.
Flowers drape the poles and sidewalk pots to bring a friendly feeling to each visitor.
Flowers drop off .
Flowers dry out and candies are quickly eaten.
Flowers dry to a bur, and the hooked bracts are often confused with a thistle.
Flowers dry up and fall off, leaving no developing fruit.
Flowers dry well for arrangements.
Flowers dry well, retaining their golden color.
Flowers dull pink.
Flowers dull white, flat-topped.
Flowers dyin' in their bed.
Flowers embellish the landscape with color and texture.
Flowers emerge a dark pearly brown in fall and appear almost black at their peak.
Flowers emerge before leaves in mid spring.
Flowers emerge before leaves.
Flowers emerge close to the stem and are a brilliant rose-magenta color.
Flowers emerge from leaf axils and the top of the plant.
Flowers emerge in late springs.
Flowers emerge in late winter or early spring, before the new leaves.
Flowers emerge in springs.
Flowers emerge in summer.
Flowers emerge pink, then become white.
Flowers emerge singly from the host bark but generally occur in groupings or rows.
Flowers emerge white in spring.
Flowers emit fragrance for genetic reasons, specifically, to attract a pollinator.
Flowers emphasize the special occasion of our lives.
Flowers enable pollen from one plant can fertilise ovules of another plant.
Flowers enliven the humblest of homes, make less formidable monumental public buildings.
Flowers enrich the senses and purify the soul.
Flowers entice bees to collect pollen by having bright colourful patterns.
Flowers exist for every type of garden.
Flowers exist in abundance partly because of their colors and fragrance.
Flowers exit the house. examine the flowers.
Flowers fade to black berries.
Flowers fade to golden yellow.
Flowers fade to light pink until they drop.
Flowers fade to long-lasting flat seed pods atop hairy seeds.
Flowers fall and weeds grow.
Flowers fall prematurely.
Flowers favors beech and walnut trees.
Flowers feed beetles.
Flowers fill nearly every front garden.
Flowers fill the air and grow under foot.
Flowers Fill the room with sweet scenting flowers.
Flowers fill the scenery along Tennessee's highway system.
Flowers fix all mistakes.
Flowers fix damn near everything.
Flowers fix everything.
Flowers float in their watery globes.
Flowers float on surfaces.
Flowers flow in a palette of red, green, beige and blue.
Flowers follow in summer, which can be picked for salads or left to form seed.
Flowers form a large star, having six yellow-green petals.
Flowers form as male and female catkins, appearing with the leaves in early spring.
Flowers form as terminal clusters at the end of each stem from mature plants.
Flowers form at the center of the outermost tip of each branch.
Flowers form from buds in the axils of highly reduced scale leaves.
Flowers form in cymes on the top of the canopy, and often several flowers are open each day.
Flowers form in late spring.
Flowers form in small clusters and are red, pink or white.
Flowers form in small clusters of red, pink or white.
Flowers form on a part of a branch called the receptacle.
Flowers form on growth of the current season near the stem apex.
Flowers form on long stems and are borne either singly or in small clusters.
Flowers form on the newly developing trunk during the growth phase of the tree.
Flowers form singly and in small clusters on long stems.
Flowers fully cover hand, leaving no place for a bottle to hide.
Flowers function in sexual reproduction.
Flowers gen- erally in a coiled inflorescence.
Flowers generally are bright lavender rose, although some are pale pink or salmon pink.
Flowers generally come from the stem between the leaves.
Flowers generally last about two weeks.
Flowers gently nod in a breeze and are borne on strong stems that arise from the rosette of leaves.
Flowers get one page.
Flowers get pollen.
Flowers gets no respect despite looking great in postseason action.
Flowers give a very special spiritual feeling.
Flowers give fragrance and colour.
Flowers give off the gas after they are cut or as leaves decay.
Flowers give rise to fruit and seeds.
Flowers gladden the mind and confer prosperity.
Flowers glow with beauty, The children here glow in blood.
Flowers go a long way.
Flowers go through growth stages or a life cycle, just like other plants do.
Flowers golden yellow with a bit of purple spotting on the lip.
Flowers golden yellow, in long axillary cylindrical spikes.
Flowers grace a shrimp boat in Conn Brown Harbor.
Flowers grace the walls and furniture in several places.
Flowers gracefully hang on arched spikes in spring and continue sporadically until fall.
Flowers green inconspicuous, male and female borne in separate clusters.
Flowers greenish brown or purplish red, covered with soft hair.
Flowers greenish to yellow to white, approx.
Flowers greenish white color.
Flowers greenish white.
Flowers greenish yellow with broad orange band at base.
Flowers greenish yellow, appearing after the leaves.
Flowers greenish yellow, in long drooping spikes.
Flowers greenish yellow.
Flowers greenish, in axillary panicles.
Flowers greenish, in small axillary clusters, covered by stiff, sharp-pointed bracts.
Flowers greenish, in umbel-like clusters, appearing long before the leaves.
Flowers grow big and bright in the garden of Clark s aunts in the Moscow region.
Flowers grow by seeds.
Flowers grow fleshy roots.
Flowers grow foliage.
Flowers grow from bulbs, seed, cuttings and roots.
Flowers grow from foliage.
Flowers grow from plants.
Flowers grow from seeds.
Flowers grow from the stems, between the lead nodes.
Flowers grow in a spherical cluster or ball on the end of slender stems.
Flowers grow in areas.
Flowers grow in bunches at end of branches.
Flowers grow in disturb areas.
Flowers grow in early summer.
Flowers grow in flat clusters.
Flowers grow in grassy areas.
Flowers grow in groups called panicles and are rose colored.
Flowers grow in late springs.
Flowers grow in layers.
Flowers grow in many places.
Flowers grow in oblong, spikes and are ensheathed and are greenish yellow in colour.
Flowers grow in other places besides the Hawaiian islands.
Flowers grow in places.
Flowers grow in shady areas.
Flowers grow in springs.
Flowers grow in stages, they grow from a tiny seed to a beautiful blossomed flower.
Flowers grow in yards now with never a hint of the passage ways that lie underground.
Flowers grow in yards with never a hint of the passageways underground.
Flowers grow leaves.
Flowers grow on stems.
Flowers grow on tassels, erect or drooping, and up to one foot or more in length.
Flowers grow on the weeds, and roses cover the thorns.
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
Flowers grow out of darkness.
Flowers grow places.
Flowers grow roots.
Flowers grow solitary, above the leaves.
Flowers grow to a length of about two inches, including ovary.
Flowers grow unchecked out here, and never are admired.
Flowers grow well when they have fertile soil.
Flowers hang down from arching stems in late spring to early summer.
Flowers hang in baskets overhead.
Flowers hang in fingerlike catkins, with each flower base holding four long, whitish catkins.
Flowers hang upside down and have a large, umbrella-like stigma.
Flowers harden, shed their petals.
Flowers has brown eyes, black hair and a pock-marked complexion.
Flowers hat stay fresh forever.
Flowers have (part) anthers.
Flowers have (part) carpels.
Flowers have (part) leaf shapes.
Flowers have (part) ovaries.
Flowers have (part) perianths.
Flowers have (part) placentas.
Flowers have (part) sections.
Flowers have (part) stamens.
Flowers have a beautiful seagreen color that is almost beyond description.
Flowers have a bright yellow blotch against a dark purple background, very unusual.
Flowers have a distinct saddle-soap aroma that is curiously pleasant.
Flowers have a fruity fragrance.
Flowers have a fruity sweet fragrance.
Flowers have a hard time keeping secrets.
Flowers have a juice called nectar.
Flowers have a lasting impression of visitors and tourists.
Flowers have a light, fruity fragrance.
Flowers have a long bloom period of six weeks.
Flowers have a long ovary and a minute pedicel.
Flowers have a long-term positive effect on moods .
Flowers have a long-term positive effect on moods.
Flowers have a mild onion flavor.
Flowers have a moderate fruity fragrance.
Flowers have a moderately fruity fragrance.
Flowers have a much broader vocabulary.
Flowers have a nice rounded form, slightly ruffled and with a little fragrance.
Flowers have a peculiar 'animal' smell which attracts a type of hover fly.
Flowers have a pink star with yellow edges.
Flowers have a pronounced fragrance at night.
Flowers have a rosy tint.
Flowers have a rosy-red edge that blend to a soft yellow centre.
Flowers have a scent that some people find unpleasant.
Flowers have a sickly sweet fragrance.
Flowers have a slight peppery smell.
Flowers have a strong, spicy, clove fragrance.
Flowers have a stronger aroma and bitterness than the leaves.
Flowers have a sweet fragrance.
Flowers have a sweet honey smell.
Flowers have a tendency to double.
Flowers have a way of making everyone feel a little happier.
Flowers have a way of perking up any scene no matter the weather.
Flowers have a well-defined structure.
Flowers have a zero tolerance for pests and pest damage.
Flowers have an attractive fragrance.
Flowers have an immediate impact on happiness .
Flowers have an immediate impact on happiness.
Flowers have aroma.
Flowers have attractive features.
Flowers have basic color patterns.
Flowers have basic patterns.
Flowers have beautiful blossoms.
Flowers have bitter taste.
Flowers have blossoms.
Flowers have blue petals.
Flowers have both male and female parts.
Flowers have both male and female reproductive parts.
Flowers have bright colors or a special scent to attract insects.
Flowers have bright colours for the springtime border.
Flowers have bright yellow petals with pale brown or violet veins.
Flowers have broad, spine-tipped bracts below.
Flowers have coconut scent.
Flowers have color patterns.
Flowers have color.
Flowers have creamy-white petals with purple markings.
Flowers have deciduous sepals and a variable number of yellow or cream narrow oblanceolate petals.
Flowers have deep roots in the human psyche.
Flowers have different bloom orientations and vary dramatically in height and color.
Flowers have different requirements depending on the kind.
Flowers have distinct camphor scent.
Flowers have distinctive sage flavor.
Flowers have distinctive smell.
Flowers have dull color.
Flowers Have each usher give a flower to each female guest attending the ceremony.
Flowers have elaborate specializations for animal dispersal of pollen.
Flowers have features.
Flowers have female organs.
Flowers have female reproductive organs.
Flowers have female sex organs.
Flowers have five petals, with each petal so deeply divided that it appears to be split in two.
Flowers have five reflexed petals and fruits are green berries that turn black at maturity.
Flowers have flavour.
Flowers have floral organs.
Flowers have florets.
Flowers have four petals of various shapes and are usually in shades of pink and purple.
Flowers have four petals, and resemble the flowers of other evening primrose plant relatives.
Flowers have four sepals and four petals.
Flowers have four to five petals and are have both stamens and pistils in the same flower.
Flowers have four to five petals.
Flowers have fragrance of gardenia.
Flowers have fragrance.
Flowers have fully-crested centers, surrounded by several rows of petals.
Flowers have girl and boy parts.
Flowers have good substance and hold up well in the hottest weather.
Flowers have good substance and open flat.
Flowers have good yellow color during summer and fall.
Flowers have gorgeous and lovely bright petals.
Flowers have grassy taste.
Flowers have green stems.
Flowers have higher medicinal properties than leaves.
Flowers have identities.
Flowers have lantern shapes.
Flowers have large outer petals.
Flowers have large, flat, floating leaves with showy blossoms in a wide range of colors.
Flowers have layers.
Flowers have leaves.
Flowers have life.
Flowers have lower petals.
Flowers have male organs.
Flowers have male parts called stamens that produce a sticky powder called pollen.
Flowers have male reproductive organs.
Flowers have many different structures.
Flowers have many therapeutic uses and have been used for centuries as a healing aid.
Flowers have mechanisms.
Flowers have more than one petal, and the flower petals are collectively called the corolla.
Flowers have narrow petals.
Flowers have nectar.
Flowers have no petals and are in loose, open panicles.
Flowers have no petals or sepals and are produced on erect, racemelike terminals.
Flowers have numerous stamens that are sometimes the most conspicuous part of the flower.
Flowers have numerous stamens.
Flowers have odor.
Flowers have orange centers.
Flowers have orange color.
Flowers have organs.
Flowers have outer petals.
Flowers have pale yellow stamens.
Flowers have patterns.
Flowers have pearl centers and leaves are outlined with satin cord.
Flowers have petals.
Flowers have petals.
Flowers have pigment.
Flowers have pink buds, dark pink corollas and orange anthers.
Flowers have pink petals.
Flowers have pistils.
Flowers have pistils.
Flowers have pleasant smell.
Flowers have pleasant sweet smell.
Flowers have pollen pistils.
Flowers have pollen.
Flowers have purple petals, purple fringes and intricately detailed centers.
Flowers have purposes.
Flowers have red hues.
Flowers have red petals.
Flowers have red pigment.
Flowers have reddish stamens.
Flowers have reproductive organs.
Flowers have round petals.
Flowers have same color.
Flowers have scent.
Flowers have seeds.
Flowers have sex organs.
Flowers have shapes.
Flowers have showy petals.
Flowers have similar taste.
Flowers have single pistils.
Flowers have slight scent.
Flowers have smell odor.
Flowers have smell.
Flowers have soft, thin stems.
Flowers have special features.
Flowers have special glands called nectaries that produce nectar.
Flowers have specific shapes, colors, and smells for a reason.
Flowers have spicy scent.
Flowers have stalks.
Flowers have stamens and carpels .
Flowers have stamens.
Flowers have stems.
Flowers have stigma.
Flowers have strong odor.
Flowers have strong scent.
Flowers have structures.
Flowers have style.
Flowers have subtle smell.
Flowers have surfaces.
Flowers have sweet aroma.
Flowers have sweet scent.
Flowers have sweet smell.
Flowers have taste.
Flowers have terrible taste.
Flowers have the scent of nutmeg.
Flowers have their own colour, texture and smell.
Flowers have thin leaves.
Flowers have thin stalks.
Flowers have three blue petals, two of which are partly fused.
Flowers have three pale rose-lavender to white petals and three green sepals.
Flowers have to be ordered at least three days before the delivery abroad.
Flowers have to be tended, watered, and fertilized.
Flowers have toxic pollen.
Flowers have tubular shapes.
Flowers have types.
Flowers have unpleasant odor.
Flowers have unpleasant odor.
Flowers have unpleasant smell.
Flowers have various parts which can be studied.
Flowers have velvety surfaces.
Flowers have white petals.
Flowers have yellow color.
Flowers have yellow petals.
Flowers have yellow stamens.
Flowers help grow plants.
Flowers help insects.
Flowers help plants reproduce.
Flowers help plants.
Flowers help say what is often difficult to express.
Flowers help the plant produce new plants.
Flowers help the plants in sexual reproduction.
Flowers help trees too, especially in cities.
Flowers help view cart .
Flowers hermaphrodite, regular or slightly zygomorphic.
Flowers hermaphrodite, solitary, or in cymose inflorescences, especially in axillary fascicles.
Flowers hold long time.
Flowers imperfect, regular or naked.
Flowers include foxgloves.
Flowers initiate under short nights.
Flowers intricate patterns, vibrant colors, delicate petals, and fragrant smells excite the senses.
Flowers is a blues singer as well.
Flowers is a book that, for all intents and purposes, works and works well.
Flowers is a food maker that concentrates on the bakery segment.
Flowers is a fun place, and worth the trip to the U District.
Flowers is a registered professional engineer in Virginia.
Flowers is a well-known author, poet and business consultant.
Flowers is are a spiritual exercise, whether the flowers are in the garden or in a vase.
Flowers is determined to find a use.
Flowers is exquisitely colorful - with bright flowers on a black background.
Flowers is the name of the company's founding family.
Flowers just droop and die.
Flowers just laughs at such praise.
Flowers just sit there with their feet wet looking good for days and weeks.
Flowers keep proving they have more than aesthetic value.
Flowers kill bacteria,infused flower oil soothes wounds and earaches.
Flowers knows how to translate what is essentially an oral poem into writing.
Flowers lack a corolla.
Flowers lack petals but have four small sepals and numerous thread-like yellow stamens.
Flowers lack petals.
Flowers last a little longer than with the air-dried method.
Flowers last a long time in warm climates.
Flowers last one day producing another bloom from the same spike.
Flowers last several weeks.
Flowers last up to twice as long.
Flowers later develop into bunches of spirally twisted, indehiscent pods.
Flowers lavender with slight raspberry feathering in throat of upper petals.
Flowers leap from the canvas, rich and bold, almost real in their rainbow coloured impossibility.
Flowers Learn how to plant and grow flowers.
Flowers lemon yellow.
Flowers lend a certain air of elegance to beverages as they float in a punch bowl.
Flowers lend elegance to beverages when floating in a punch bowl or frozen in ice cubes.
Flowers light green or white , hermaphrodite , pentamer , radiate .
Flowers light green or white, hermaphrodite, pentamer, radiate.
Flowers light green with cream lobes.
Flowers light yellow, long-peduncled.
Flowers light yellow.
Flowers like to be maintained at a constant temperature, with cooler temperatures preferred.
Flowers like to be misted too.
Flowers line a short driveway to a small chapel that sets the color theme of the entire cemetery.
Flowers listed are particularly sensitive to ethylene.
Flowers live in grass.
Flowers live in the same habitat as insects and birds.
Flowers look like flowers.
Flowers look like miniature umbrellas that dance above the dark green, thyme-like leaves.
Flowers look like parachutes from a distance.
Flowers look like plants.
Flowers look like thistle flowers.
Flowers look nice in garden flower indoor floral arrangements.
Flowers look really pretty but they usually die every year.
Flowers look similar to gladioli.
Flowers loves children's theater.
Flowers maintain longer lasting color and shape, stems remain firm and leaves stay green.
Flowers make a great addition to soups, salads, and other dishes.
Flowers make a pretty garnish for fruit salads, iced tea, and desserts.
Flowers make a wedding special.
Flowers make delightful tea with a combonation of apple and pineapple scent.
Flowers make excellent additions to vinegars as well.
Flowers make excellent cut flowers.
Flowers make food fun and beautiful.
Flowers make for scenes of beauty and color.
Flowers make good honey.
Flowers make great gifts.
Flowers make intimate connections .
Flowers make intimate connections.
Flowers make people happy, proud and thoughtful.
Flowers make people happy.
Flowers make pollen.
Flowers make scent.
Flowers make seeds to grow new plants.
Flowers make seeds.
Flowers make seeds.
Flowers Make someone feel loved.
Flowers make the world a fragrant and colorful place.
Flowers mark airline crash site.
Flowers mark the burial site of ashes from previous donors.
Flowers mature from the base to the tip of the stalk.
Flowers mature from the bottom of the spike to the top.
Flowers mature into foot-long seed spikes in autumn.
Flowers memorializing the site remain even as the sidewalk and wall are repaired.
Flowers merely blossom.
Flowers mimic an insect.
Flowers mimic bees for the purpose of survival.
Flowers minute .
Flowers minute, borne on terminal spikes.
Flowers minute, bracted, on a rather fleshy receptacle.
Flowers minute, imperfect, solitary, and sessile, enclosed by the sheathing leaf bases.
Flowers minute, or small.
Flowers minute, unisexual.
Flowers nearly sessile, greenish without, dull purple within, f-J in.
Flowers need full sunlight.
Flowers need sunlight.
Flowers need water.
Flowers never fade or wilt.
Flowers never open completely, and bumblebees force their way in to pollinate.
Flowers numer- ous and showy, white or tinged with rose color.
Flowers numer- ous, on bracted pedicels.
Flowers occupy a uniquely acceptable place in the spectrum of gifts.
Flowers occur as terminal spikes.
Flowers occur at the ends of long flower stalks.
Flowers occur before foliage is seen.
Flowers occur before or with the leaves.
Flowers occur during the summer.
Flowers occur during winter and spring.
Flowers occur frequently in their art, with the blue lotus and papyrus being the most common.
Flowers occur in clusters on stalks which emerge from the bases of the leaves.
Flowers occur in conical shaped spikes on tall stems.
Flowers occur in dense spikes at the top of the plants.
Flowers occur in dense, axillary clusters.
Flowers occur in early to mid-spring.
Flowers occur in large clusters and are nicely fragrant.
Flowers occur in leaf axils.
Flowers occur in many clusters toward the top of the plant.
Flowers occur in raceme with female flowers above male flowers.
Flowers occur in several spikes at the upper part of the stem and have no petals or sepals.
Flowers occur in small fingerlike spikes.
Flowers occur in spikes and are violet-blue with yellow markings.
Flowers occur in the axils of upper leaves.
Flowers occur in the leaf axils of the upper leaves.
Flowers occur in the leaf axils.
Flowers occur on individual stalks in a branched inflorescence.
Flowers occur on new growth.
Flowers occur on plants.
Flowers occur several weeks later.
Flowers occur singly at apex of pedicel.
Flowers occur throughout the summer, and are several cm across, white, fragrant, and floating.
Flowers offer a hint of a lighter watermark.
Flowers offer a new and effective approach to healing and maintaining a natural lifestyle.
Flowers offers several along with other kinds of audio products.
Flowers only develop at branch and main stem tips.
Flowers only die.
Flowers only last a few days . . .
Flowers only open for one night.
Flowers only open in sun, close at night.
Flowers open at night to lure pollinators.
Flowers open before dawn and remain open until mid morning.
Flowers open creamy white then fade through pink and green to brown.
Flowers open during spring and summer.
Flowers open durnig the day, and close at night.
Flowers open early in morning, close by noon and fall off the same day.
Flowers open early in the morning and are receptive to pollination for only one day.
Flowers open easily.
Flowers open flat and and have wide petals.
Flowers open flat revealing a green button eye.
Flowers open from bottom of head, orange and brush-like.
Flowers open from late spring through mid-summer.
Flowers open in afternoon.
Flowers open in full sun and close up tight at night and when the weather is cloudy.
Flowers open in late summer at a time when flowering garden plants are scarce.
Flowers open in the afternoon and close at night.
Flowers open in the daytime and lasting several days, red or crimson, very showy.
Flowers open in the early morning and fold in the afternoon.
Flowers open in the early morning lasting only a single day.
Flowers open in the evening and last until the next morning, perfuming the evening air.
Flowers open in the evening.
Flowers open in the late afternoon for night pollination by moths.
Flowers open in the morning and fade by afternoon.
Flowers open in the morning and tend to close up at night.
Flowers open just as the foliage begins to emerge.
Flowers open medium-red and fade to a very dark pink.
Flowers open near sunset and wither the following morning.
Flowers open one per day, starting from the bottom of the inflorescence.
Flowers open one to two hours after sunrise.
Flowers open only in the evening or on cloudy days and close at sunrise .
Flowers open pink and turn bright blue.
Flowers open quickly and profusely giving season-long display.
Flowers open sequentially at tips of branches.
Flowers open slowly for an extended bloom.
Flowers open snow melts bed lice crawl back into their secret hiding places.
Flowers open their blossoms to the gradually warming sunlight.
Flowers open up in the morning and close in the afternoon, and lasts only one day.
Flowers open up in the morning.
Flowers open very late in the season.
Flowers open well and hold amazingly well in full sun, considering the depth of color.
Flowers open when they just begins to emerge.
Flowers open white and age to a soft pink late spring.
Flowers open with stigmas and petals intact.
Flowers open, starting from the lowest buds.
Flowers orange at base to green at tip.
Flowers orange at base to green at tips.
Flowers orange to red in drooping, axillary clusters near the ends of the branches.
Flowers orange to red.
Flowers orange with a prominantly ridged calyx also orange.
Flowers orange with deeper orange-red style.
Flowers overflows with exquisite examples of vintage ribbonwork, a centuries-old artform.
Flowers paint the mountain sides with color.
Flowers pale blue in spikes.
Flowers pale blue.
Flowers pale mauve blue.
Flowers pale pink or white, in a spike-like cluster at the end of the branch.
Flowers pale red at base to yellow at tip.
Flowers pale red, fading to white, on a very tall, slender, unbranched inflorescence.
Flowers pale to bright yellow.
Flowers pale yellow with tiny purplish spots.
Flowers pale yellow, in drooping racemes.
Flowers pale yellow, slightly dotted with brownish-red.
Flowers pale yellow.
Flowers pale yellowish to white or bluish white.
Flowers peek out from the last remains of winters snow.
Flowers peek through the warming earth and wildlife appear in the sun-filtered woods.
Flowers perfect and regular.
Flowers perfect or imperfect, regular or naked, individually subtended by bractlets.
Flowers perfect or imperfect, regular.
Flowers perfect or impergect, regular.
Flowers perfect, borne on leafy twigs of the season.
Flowers perfect, irregular.
Flowers perfect, radially symmetrical, usually in racemes.
Flowers perfect, regular or irregular.
Flowers perfect, regular to very irregular.
Flowers perfect, regular.
Flowers perfect, solitary, nodding, scapose, with an expanded, membranaceous style disc.
Flowers persist until frost.
Flowers pink and red.
Flowers pink at base to green at tip.
Flowers pink or purple, the marginal ones ray-like.
Flowers pink or rose-colored with numerous stamens, borne singly on lateral branches.
Flowers pink or white in mid-summer.
Flowers pink or white.
Flowers pink to purple.
Flowers pink to red, borne singly or in clusters at ends of stems.
Flowers pink to rosy purple, prolific.
Flowers pink to white in autumn.
Flowers pink to white.
Flowers pink with dark purple throat.
Flowers pink with prominent nectar guides.
Flowers pink with yellow throat.
Flowers pink, bell-shaped, without the recurved petals of other cranberries.
Flowers pink, late in the spring.
Flowers pink, lavender, or white.
Flowers pink, purple, or blue.
Flowers pink, purple, or white, bracts pale, ribbed, with a frindged black triangular tip.
Flowers pink, purple, or white, spotted with orange or green.
Flowers pink, scaly-bracted.
Flowers pink, showy, in leafy-bracted racemes.
Flowers pink, throat deep purple.
Flowers pinkish or white.
Flowers pinkish- white.
Flowers pinkish, lavender, or lilac.
Flowers placed in an insert add some realism to the camoflage.
Flowers plant in containers.
Flowers play a minor role in Japanese gardens, so details are very important.
Flowers play an enormous part in the lives of the French people.
Flowers play an important role in sexual reproduction.
Flowers play an important role in the Indian way of life as they are a symbol of prosperity.
Flowers point in all directions.
Flowers pollinated by bees contain showy bright colored petals and are generally blue or yellow.
Flowers pollinated by birds are usually yellow or red.
Flowers pollinated by hovering vectors generally hang down and have long styles and filaments.
Flowers pollinated by wind are called Anemophilous, e.g. grass and pine.
Flowers pop up everywhere, in groups, or singularly.
Flowers possess a musky, sweet fragrance.
Flowers possess leaves.
Flowers possess petals.
Flowers possess strong, sweet fragrance.
Flowers probably are the plant part most often used for plant names.
Flowers produce a blue colored fruit which has three seeds.
Flowers produce blossoms.
Flowers produce brown oval seeds.
Flowers produce capsules.
Flowers produce dark brown seeds that self sow readily.
Flowers produce different scent.
Flowers produce fiber.
Flowers produce fruit which, in turn, contains seeds that are passed on to the next generation.
Flowers produce nectar to attract insects.
Flowers produce nectar.
Flowers produce new seed and there is a new season.
Flowers produce nutrients.
Flowers produce oblong seeds.
Flowers produce petals.
Flowers produce pollen which fertilize eggs to create seeds.
Flowers produce pollen.
Flowers produce ripe seeds.
Flowers produce scent.
Flowers produce seed capsules.
Flowers produce seeds for reproduction.
Flowers produce seeds, play a key role in pollination, and help plants to reproduce.
Flowers produce seeds.
Flowers produce seeds.
Flowers produce smell.
Flowers produce sugary nectar.
Flowers produce sweet smell.
Flowers produce tasty seeds.
Flowers produce the spores that pollinate other flowers, which produce seeds.
Flowers -Progam no.
Flowers proliferate, and the surviving trees begin to bear leaves.
Flowers protect buds.
Flowers protect flower buds.
Flowers provide a big bang for the buck.
Flowers provide a major source of good quality honey in some regions.
Flowers provide a welcome splash of color along country roads and in the state's forests and parks.
Flowers provide nectar and pollen to feed insects such as butterflies, hoverflies and bees.
Flowers provide nectar to encourage pollination.
Flowers provide nectar which the moths use for food.
Flowers provide nectar.
Flowers provide pollen.
Flowers provide the nectar and pollen resources that pollinators feed on.
Flowers puffy yellow balls in the spring.
Flowers purple, f in.
Flowers purple, yellow or both.
Flowers push through dirt, but still blossom and smell wonderful.
Flowers radiate from the center.
Flowers radiate messages to our consciousness.
Flowers raise their faces to the sun and dance for the joy of growth.
Flowers range from climbing clematis to asters.
Flowers range from half-inch pompons to giants.
Flowers range from light to dark pink.
Flowers range from light violet to violet-blue.
Flowers range from lilac through magenta blue.
Flowers range from mauve to rose pink and are tolerant of frost even when fully open.
Flowers range from pale blue-violet to reddish violet.
Flowers range from pure white, orange-red to bright yellow.
Flowers range from two-colored or banded, to chestnut red or pale yellow.
Flowers range from white to purple, and grow in dense clusters, forming an ovoid flower head.
Flowers range from white to purple, late summer.
Flowers range in color from blue to purple for most species which occur in Missouri.
Flowers range in color from creamy white to yellow-green, often with some red.
Flowers range in color from deep violet to magenta.
Flowers range in color from nearly white to dark pink.
Flowers range in color from pink to purple.
Flowers range in color from white to pink and red.
Flowers range in color from white to red with variations in between, including purple.
Flowers range in color.
Flowers range in shades from white, to light and dark yellow, orange to red.
Flowers range in shades of rose pink to red with deeper blotches.
Flowers range in shades of yellow, gold and orange.
Flowers range in size.
Flowers reach for the sun on a nice warm day.
Flowers reach height.
Flowers really make a difference.
Flowers reddish or purplish.
Flowers reddish to magenta.
Flowers release a variety of odors that attract pollinators and other visitors.
Flowers release pollen.
Flowers release sugary scent which attracts pollinators.
Flowers remain open during the day and throughout the fertile period.
Flowers remain receptive to pollen for up to three days after opening.
Flowers remain soft enough to be cut with a knife.
Flowers remains on the run, the subject of a multi-state manhunt centered in Sioux City.
Flowers repeat bloom with increasing number of double blooms throughout the season.
Flowers represent growth and feelings, while cranes stand for the human soul.
Flowers represent the fugacity of life.
Flowers represent the senses and stars the imagination.
Flowers reproduce through a process called pollination.
Flowers require pollinators.
Flowers require special treatment when being exported to Australia.
Flowers require water.
Flowers resemble a large daisy either purple or white in colour.
Flowers resemble beauty, and life.
Flowers resemble flowers.
Flowers resemble four-pointed stars.
Flowers resemble hollyhocks.
Flowers resemble large apple blossoms.
Flowers resemble lovely orchids.
Flowers resemble orchids.
Flowers resemble small birds in flight.
Flowers resemble small upturned vases.
Flowers rise above the foliage on a scape, and, as the name implies, last for only a day.
Flowers rise above the foliage.
Flowers rise above the leaves and are brownish-purple.
Flowers rise several inches above the foliage.
Flowers rise well above the plant.
Flowers rot and stick to the leaves.
Flowers rotate with narrow tube, large, various shades of pink.
Flowers salmon to chartreuse.
Flowers say it Best'.
Flowers scatter in all directions.
Flowers secrete enzymes.
Flowers secrete nectar.
Flowers secrete nectar.
Flowers secund or all facing one side.
Flowers secund or distichous, bisexual, actinomorphic, scented, nodding.
Flowers See Description Above.
Flowers seem brighter and the whole earth green.
Flowers seem intended for the solace of ordinary humanity.
Flowers seem to materialize out of thin air.
Flowers Select the perfect floral arrangement.
Flowers Send cards, flowers, gifts etc to calcutta.
Flowers Send flowers to all major cities in India.
Flowers send messages for every occasion.
Flowers Send some flower cards.
Flowers serve gardens better in a separate flower garden or in attractive beds bordering, the lawn.
Flowers serve to attract pollinators.
Flowers sessile or subsessile.
Flowers sessile yellowish in short axillary spikes, bracteoles minute.
Flowers sessile, or short-stalked in axillary panicles shorter than the leaves.
Flowers sessile, solitary, often very showy.
Flowers share the same fate, but live longer if kept in pots.
Flowers shed petals.
Flowers shed pollen.
Flowers shed viable pollen.
Flowers show a distinctive color break.
Flowers show color.
Flowers show intense color.
Flowers showy, blue.
Flowers showy, delicate, pale to dark pink.
Flowers showy, drooping.
Flowers showy, in axillary racemes.
Flowers showy, in graceful racemes.
Flowers showy, in terminal racemes.
Flowers showy, on long and naked peduncles in terminal corymbs.
Flowers showy, perfect, solitary, on long axillary pedun- cles.
Flowers showy, reddish-purple in the bud, changing to bright blue.
Flowers showy, somewhat monoBcious, in termi- nal panicles.
Flowers showy, usually bright orange, in terminal cymose umbels.
Flowers showy, white or purple, in terminal cymes or panicles.
Flowers showy, yellow, in fairly flat-topped clusters at the top of the plant.
Flowers showy, yellow, snapdragon-like .
Flowers showy, zygomorphic.
Flowers sit atop a stalk that rises from a rosette of long, thinly-lobed leaves.
Flowers sit high atop long stems on a vigorous plant with semi-glossy foliage.
Flowers sit in clusters at the ends of long stems and branches.
Flowers slender, orange at base to green at tip.
Flowers Slightly zygomorphic.
Flowers smell best just before a rain.
Flowers smell best just before the rain.
Flowers smell good.
Flowers smell like halibut.
Flowers smell like honey.
Flowers smell lovely.
Flowers smell nice, but candy is sweeter.
Flowers smell so nice.
Flowers smell so well.
Flowers smell sweeter here.
Flowers solitary at each node.
Flowers solitary in axils.
Flowers solitary, fruit a capsule.
Flowers somewhat resemble a funnel and also have external hairs.
Flowers somewhat resemble turtles' heads.
Flowers Somewhat zygomorphic.
Flowers sparkle, from a midnight shower.
Flowers speak all languages.
Flowers speak the same language around the world.
Flowers speak to all our souls and to our hearts.
Flowers spill from window boxes as the French tricolor waves from a flag post overhead.
Flowers spill from windows, balconies and old staircases.
Flowers spill over each tier.
Flowers spill over window boxes and roadside planters.
Flowers sport a bright green throat.
Flowers spring from the barren land and thousands of migratory birds arrive to breed.
Flowers spring to autumn.
Flowers spring to summer.
Flowers spring up overnight.
Flowers sprout as if by magic from the dark depths of the universal skies.
Flowers sprout from seeds.
Flowers staminate and pistillate on different trees, very small, green, blooming in early Spring.
Flowers start growing.
Flowers start out golden yellow, then change.
Flowers start out in either a seed or a bulb.
Flowers start out white and mature to green.
Flowers start to bloom and all the species of birds found in the Delta become more active.
Flowers start to bloom approximately a month after spraying nitrate potassium.
Flowers start to bloom, grass and weeds come back to life, and allergy season kicks into high gear.
Flowers start to bloom.
Flowers start to bud and bloom, baby birds hatch and one gets the feeling of starting over freshly.
Flowers start to open in the late twilight and take a couple hour to completely unfurl.
Flowers stay open and fresh through the next morning.
Flowers stay open into the evening.
Flowers stem foliage.
Flowers stem hangs over.
Flowers still say it all .
Flowers stop in mid-bloom.
Flowers subsessile, solitary in the axils of the uppermost leaves.
Flowers suits all occasions making a beautiful present.
Flowers summer to autumn.
Flowers surround bright flowers.
Flowers surround bright yellow flowers.
Flowers surround brown disk flowers.
Flowers surround flowers.
Flowers surround petals.
Flowers surround the lid topped by a bird.
Flowers surround the person making the picture and the people in it more dramatic, and pretty.
Flowers surround yellow flowers.
Flowers survive by storing water in their roots when it rains.
Flowers survive climates.
Flowers survive cold climates.
Flowers sway aside the birds passed by.
Flowers symbolize conduct that is full of love and compassion.
Flowers symbolize new life.
Flowers symbolize the cause as the blossoming of flowers results in the bearing of fruit.
Flowers symbolize the Six Paramitas.
Flowers Take some time to smell the roses.
Flowers take two weeks to totally dry.
Flowers take up water.
Flowers Taking close-ups of flowers helps one to appreciate their real beauty.
Flowers taste different when grown in different locations.
Flowers taste good.
Flowers teaches advanced fiction in New York City and has written two novels and a children's book.
Flowers tend to be in flattened panicles or clusters and bloom continuously if deadheaded.
Flowers tend to be more pink than white.
Flowers tend to be pastel pinks and yellows, with red occasionally seen.
Flowers tend to be small and of pink and red hues.
Flowers tend to be upturned and cup-shaped.
Flowers tend to be white or some variation thereof , whether it be cream or light pink.
Flowers tend to change color during pressing, usually becoming darker.
Flowers tend to close at night and reopen the next morning.
Flowers tend to grow in large clusters.
Flowers tend to have a violet color which gives stands a green-violet cast.
Flowers tend to hold on to the plant for a while if pollination was successful.
Flowers tend to lend a helping hand to honeybees.
Flowers tend to open from bottom up.
Flowers tend to pink.
Flowers tend to stay on the clusters for a long time making for different colored ones.
Flowers tend to wilt before the leaves.
Flowers terminal on stems, single.
Flowers then transform to pale pink and gradually change to dark pink.
Flowers time their blooming according to length of day.
Flowers to attract certain insects.
Flowers to attract insects.
Flowers to attract pollinate insects.
Flowers to attract pollinators.
Flowers top the stems and last several weeks.
Flowers touch the emotions of other peoples' lives.
Flowers transmit their colour truly, or most capriciously.
Flowers treat eczema and catarrh from allergies.
Flowers tumble down along the trail.
Flowers turn a papery brown and become covered with gray, fuzzy masses.
Flowers turn a straw color when dried.
Flowers turn into fruit with seeds inside.
Flowers turn into gumnuts.
Flowers turn pink to reddish-brown.
Flowers turn pinkish as they age.
Flowers turn pinkish red on the edges as they age.
Flowers turn white then yellow toward center.
Flowers turn white when fully open.
Flowers uncommon, occuring in somewhat smaller fronds with toothed margins.
Flowers undergo double fertilization eggs get fertilized and the central cell gets fertilized.
Flowers undergo reproduction.
Flowers undergo sexual reproduction.
Flowers uni- or bisexual, actinomorphic and often heterostylous.
Flowers uni- sexual, perianth absent.
Flowers use their color, shape, and even fragrance to attract pollinators.
Flowers used in unity candle arrangement are designers choice.
Flowers vary by cultivar, ranging from white to pink to purple.
Flowers vary from pale peach to bright red, yellow and orange.
Flowers vary from red, deep orange, yellow to salmon.
Flowers vary from section to section and change all summer long.
Flowers vary from white to yellow to magenta in fall and early winter.
Flowers vary in color and are funnel shaped.
Flowers vary in color from yellow to orange to bright red.
Flowers vary in color.
Flowers vary in colors.
Flowers vary in colour from almost white through shades of cream and yellow to orange.
Flowers vary in form, inflorescence, size, color and time of bloom providing a wealth of choices.
Flowers vary in many colors.
Flowers vary in size and colour.
Flowers vary in size and shape.
Flowers vary in their structure.
Flowers verticillate, in a terminal, leafy panicle.
Flowers very showy for two to three weeks.
Flowers violet lilac purple.
Flowers virtually blanket the plant at peak bloom.
Flowers wants to determine if South Mountain chuckwallas are a brand new species of lizard.
Flowers warm the heart and soul.
Flowers waxy white or pink, nodding.
Flowers weigh more than the inhabitants of hell can lift.
Flowers whitish flushed purple, with the centre urn like.
Flowers whitish with a tinge of purple, in a loose panicle.
Flowers whitish, in a long-stalked terminal raceme .
Flowers wither, beginnings come to an end.
Flowers work on every occasion.
Flowers yellow green, small, and fragrant.
Flowers yellowish green, before the leaves.
Flowers yellowish green, inconspicuous, with a pair of petal-like bracts beneath.
Flowers yellowish white, small, disposed in large terminal, depressed and woolly cymes or corymbs.
Flowers yield copious nectar that yield a rich, spicy honey.
Flowers yield pollen.
Flowers yield seeds.
Flowers zygomorphic, in bracted cymes.
Flowers zygomorphic, in spike-like inflorescence.
Flowers zygomorphic, solitary, or in small clusters.
Flowers zygomorphic, usually with large bracts.
Flowers always adapt to their pollinators.
Flowers always add so much to a venue.
Flowers always bring a smile to everyone's face and their products are no exception.
Flowers always make people better, happier and more helpful.
Flowers always open flat.
Flowers always work nicely.
Flowers always works.
Flower often shows heterostyly.
Flowers often add a festive touch to the wedding ceremony.
Flowers often appear before or with unfolding and expanding leaves.
Flowers often become infected when blooming occurs during wet weather.
Flowers often bloom into pentagonal shapes.
Flowers often change color from the day they open until they finally fade and die.
Flowers often cry But too late to find, That their beauty has been lost, With their peace of mind.
Flowers often die at their brightest.
Flowers often double, and white, blue, or purple.
Flowers often have a wine-red throat.
Flowers often have a yellow blotch on the falls.
Flowers often have strong, unpleasant odours.
Flowers often open on a diurnal cycle a.
Flowers often open yellow and later turn to pink or purple.
Flowers sometimes revert to yellow.
Flowers usually appear in late spring and summer.
Flowers usually appear in spring or early summer, and in some species they last until frost.
Flowers usually appear just prior to or with the emerging leaves.
Flowers usually appear the following year.
Flowers usually compound, almost always concentrated in flat-topped umbels.
Flowers usually develop in the favourable conditions.
Flowers usually face sun.
Flowers usually have carpels , petals , sepals , and stamens.
Flowers usually hermaphrodite and regular.
Flowers usually hermaphrodite, actinomorphic, hypogynous.
Flowers usually occur in summer but occasional flowers appear at any time of year.
Flowers usually occur in winter through to mid spring.
Flowers usually open in late afternoon.
Flowers usually open only on sunny mornings.
Flowers usually pink to carmine.
Flowers usually produce many stamens just inside of the petals.
Flowers usually showy, in a ter- minal panicle.
Flowers usually showy, insectiform.
Flowers usually zygomorphic and bisexual.
Flowers Usually zygomorphic.
All flowers are direct from the grower and guaranteed fresh.
All flowers are hermaphroditic.
All flowers are thine.
All flowers are variations on a simple, basic plan.
All flowers come with a heart bead.
All flowers have a pale lavendar hue.
All flowers have both male and female parts.
All flowers have exactly the same structure.
All flowers have the same basic pattern, but there are many variations.
All flowers share common parts for reproduction.
All flowers wear slight since major, or dollar leave someone.
Every flower has a legend.
Every flower has a page.
Every flower has something to say.
Every flower is a soul blossoming out to nature.
Every flower is a symbol of peace.
Every flower is beautiful, even though a rose is very different from a daisy.
Every flower is different.
Every flower seems to have maths.
Many flowers abort.
Many flowers are arranged on a branch in a special way.
Many flowers are attractive and provide food and shelter for the good insects.
Many flowers are available.
Many flowers are beautiful, but they are never just for show.
Many flowers are better suited for cutting than others and the diversity is surprising.
Many flowers are colourful and their scent attracts some animals .
Many flowers are colourful and their scent attracts some animals.
Many flowers are edible also.
Many flowers are edible and add a beautiful touch to the dinner plate.
Many flowers are edible.
Many flowers are male sterile.
Many flowers are pollinated by the wind.
Many flowers are radially symmetric or actinomorphic .
Many flowers are still closed.
Many flowers are too fleshy to press.
Many flowers are visited by guilds of visitors that include diverse taxa of insects.
Many flowers bloom along the park's hiking trails.
Many flowers bloom in the field.
Many flowers contain both male and female organs.
Many flowers continue to bloom and green is still the predominant color.
Many flowers daffodil bulbs combine female and rich, whether couple blow they.
Many flowers depend upon the wind to scatter pollen.
Many flowers grow all around Highlands Ranch.
Many flowers grow along park roadsides.
Many flowers have a symmetry.
Many flowers have both male and female organs and are called perfect flowers.
Many flowers have both male and female reproductive components.
Many flowers have close relationships with one or a few specific pollinating organisms.
Many flowers have colors in the ultraviolet spectrum that only insects can see.
Many flowers have complicated ways of providing access to pollen and nectar.
Many flowers have different symbolic meanings.
Many flowers have important symbolic meanings in Western culture.
Many flowers have phytotoxic reaction to the methyl bromide fumigation.
Many flowers have shapes that lend themselves to pollination by a very few types of animals.
Many flowers have structures resembling nectaries suggesting close association with insects.
Many flowers produce a sugary liquid called that helps attract pollinators.
Many flowers protect their pollen by closing, and bloodroot is no exception.
Many flowers provide a good source of nectar to attract the adults.
Many flowers rely on simple proximity between flower parts to ensure pollination.
Many flowers reproduce by making seeds to ensure the continuation of their species.
Many flowers require a visiting insect to transfer the pollen needed to fertilize and set seed.
Many flowers require cross-pollination.
Many flowers require specific seasonal day lengths to initiate flowering.
Many flowers show adaptations for insect pollination, bearing numerous white or yellow petals.
Many flowers symbolze things like a red rose is the flower of love.
More flowers abort and drop off, reducing yield potential.
More Flowers Click on small pic to view fullsize.
More flowers grow, below.
Most flower stems bear flowers.
Most flowers absorb sunlight.
Most flowers absorb water best if cuts are made between nodes or joints.
Most flowers add color.
Most flowers appear during springs.
Most flowers appear during summer.
Most flowers appear in early springs.
Most flowers appear in late springs.
Most flowers appear in late summer.
Most flowers appear in springs.
Most flowers appear in summer.
Most flowers appear on plants.
Most flowers appear on potato plants.
Most flowers appear on pumpkin plants.
Most flowers appear on weed plants.
Most flowers are available all year around, there are some restrictions.
Most flowers are beautiful.
Most flowers are bisporangiate.
Most flowers are female and set on the laterals as well as main stem.
Most flowers are fertilized by pollen.
Most flowers are fully double with some semi-doubles.
Most flowers are functionally male with a few hermaphrodites and are mainly bee-pollinated.
Most flowers are harvested in autumn.
Most flowers are lavender or white and appear daily.
Most flowers are lavender, purple, or fluorescent pink.
Most flowers are modified, to a greater or lesser extent, from the basic pattern.
Most flowers are out.
Most flowers are pollinated by bees.
Most flowers are pollinated by insects.
Most flowers are produced by trees.
Most flowers are single.
Most flowers are vivid magenta, some golden.
Most flowers arise from roots.
Most flowers attract ants.
Most flowers attract attention.
Most flowers attract bees.
Most flowers attract birds.
Most flowers attract blowflies.
Most flowers attract butterflies.
Most flowers attract creatures.
Most flowers attract different pollinators.
Most flowers attract honeybees.
Most flowers attract hummingbirds.
Most flowers attract immediate attention.
Most flowers attract insect bees.
Most flowers attract insects.
Most flowers attract numerous insects.
Most flowers attract other insects.
Most flowers attract pollinators.
Most flowers attract small birds.
Most flowers attract various insects.
Most flowers attract various small birds.
Most flowers attract wasps.
Most flowers bear pollen.
Most flowers bear viable pollen.
Most flowers begin pollination.
Most flowers bloom in early springs.
Most flowers bloom in early summer.
Most flowers bloom in late springs.
Most flowers bloom in late summer.
Most flowers bloom in months.
Most flowers bloom in seasons.
Most flowers bloom in springs.
Most flowers bloom in summer months.
Most flowers bloom in summer.
Most flowers bloom in the sun and close at night.
Most flowers bloom in time.
Most flowers bloom in wet seasons.
Most flowers carry pollen.
Most flowers come from buds.
Most flowers come from strawberry buds.
Most flowers come in color.
Most flowers come in different color.
Most flowers come in many different color.
Most flowers consist of buds.
Most flowers consist of florets.
Most flowers consist of four series of parts.
Most flowers consist of numerous florets.
Most flowers consist of petals.
Most flowers consist of reflex petals.
Most flowers consist of stamens.
Most flowers consist of white petals.
Most flowers consist of yellow petals.
Most flowers contain female organs.
Most flowers contain female reproductive organs.
Most flowers contain nectar.
Most flowers contain organs.
Most flowers contain petals.
Most flowers contain pistils.
Most flowers contain pollen.
Most flowers contain reproductive organs.
Most flowers contain sepals.
Most flowers contain sex organs.
Most flowers contain simple pistils.
Most flowers contain stamens.
Most flowers contain stigma.
Most flowers contain tiny petals.
Most flowers contain white petals.
Most flowers depend on bees.
Most flowers develop from axils.
Most flowers develop from buds.
Most flowers develop into fruit.
Most flowers develop into tomato fruit.
Most flowers develop into vegetable fruit.
Most flowers develop seeds.
Most flowers develop shoots.
Most flowers do poorly in heavy clay, due to lack of oxygen to their roots.
Most flowers dry best hung upside down in bunches.
Most flowers emerge in late springs.
Most flowers emerge in springs.
Most flowers emerge in summer.
Most flowers feed beetles.
Most flowers float on surfaces.
Most flowers fly in some of the toughest pricing markets in the aviation world, however.
Most flowers get pollen.
Most flowers grow fleshy roots.
Most flowers grow foliage.
Most flowers grow from foliage.
Most flowers grow from plants.
Most flowers grow from seeds.
Most flowers grow in areas.
Most flowers grow in disturb areas.
Most flowers grow in grassy areas.
Most flowers grow in late springs.
Most flowers grow in layers.
Most flowers grow in many places.
Most flowers grow in places.
Most flowers grow in shady areas.
Most flowers grow in springs.
Most flowers grow leaves.
Most flowers grow on stems.
Most flowers grow places.
Most flowers grow roots.
Most flowers have a lovely smell like roses and hyacinths.
Most flowers have a white eye.
Most flowers have aroma.
Most flowers have attractive features.
Most flowers have basic color patterns.
Most flowers have basic patterns.
Most flowers have beautiful blossoms.
Most flowers have bitter taste.
Most flowers have blossoms.
Most flowers have blue petals.
Most flowers have both male and female reproductive parts.
Most flowers have coconut scent.
Most flowers have color patterns.
Most flowers have color.
Most flowers have distinctive smell.
Most flowers have dull color.
Most flowers have features.
Most flowers have female organs.
Most flowers have female reproductive organs.
Most flowers have female sex organs.
Most flowers have five or fewer petals.
Most flowers have flavour.
Most flowers have floral organs.
Most flowers have florets.
Most flowers have grassy taste.
Most flowers have green stems.
Most flowers have identities.
Most flowers have lantern shapes.
Most flowers have large outer petals.
Most flowers have layers.
Most flowers have leaves.
Most flowers have life.
Most flowers have lower petals.
Most flowers have male and female parts.
Most flowers have male organs.
Most flowers have male reproductive organs.
Most flowers have many different structures.
Most flowers have mechanisms to ensure cross-pollination.
Most flowers have mechanisms.
Most flowers have narrow petals.
Most flowers have nectar.
Most flowers have numerous stamens.
Most flowers have odor.
Most flowers have orange color.
Most flowers have organs.
Most flowers have outer petals.
Most flowers have patterns.
Most flowers have petals.
Most flowers have pigment.
Most flowers have pink petals.
Most flowers have pistils.
Most flowers have pleasant smell.
Most flowers have pleasant sweet smell.
Most flowers have pollen pistils.
Most flowers have purposes.
Most flowers have red petals.
Most flowers have red pigment.
Most flowers have reproductive organs.
Most flowers have round petals.
Most flowers have same color.
Most flowers have scent.
Most flowers have seeds.
Most flowers have sex organs.
Most flowers have shapes.
Most flowers have showy petals.
Most flowers have similar taste.
Most flowers have single pistils.
Most flowers have slight scent.
Most flowers have special features.
Most flowers have stamens.
Most flowers have stigma.
Most flowers have strong scent.
Most flowers have structures.
Most flowers have style.
Most flowers have subtle smell.
Most flowers have surfaces.
Most flowers have sweet aroma.
Most flowers have sweet scent.
Most flowers have sweet smell.
Most flowers have terrible taste.
Most flowers have thin leaves.
Most flowers have thin stalks.
Most flowers have toxic pollen.
Most flowers have tubular shapes.
Most flowers have types.
Most flowers have unpleasant odor.
Most flowers have unpleasant smell.
Most flowers have velvety surfaces.
Most flowers have white petals.
Most flowers have white varieties.
Most flowers have yellow petals.
Most flowers have yellow stamens.
Most flowers help grow plants.
Most flowers help insects.
Most flowers help plants.
Most flowers look like flowers.
Most flowers look like plants.
Most flowers look like thistle flowers.
Most flowers make pollen.
Most flowers make scent.
Most flowers make seeds.
Most flowers occur on plants.
Most flowers plant in containers.
Most flowers possess leaves.
Most flowers possess petals.
Most flowers produce blossoms.
Most flowers produce brown oval seeds.
Most flowers produce capsules.
Most flowers produce different scent.
Most flowers produce fiber.
Most flowers produce nectar just to attract pollinators.
Most flowers produce nectar.
Most flowers produce nutrients.
Most flowers produce oblong seeds.
Most flowers produce petals.
Most flowers produce pollen.
Most flowers produce ripe seeds.
Most flowers produce scent.
Most flowers produce seed capsules.
Most flowers produce seeds.
Most flowers produce smell.
Most flowers produce sugary nectar.
Most flowers produce sweet smell.
Most flowers produce tasty seeds.
Most flowers protect buds.
Most flowers protect flower buds.
Most flowers provide nectar.
Most flowers provide pollen.
Most flowers range in color.
Most flowers range in size.
Most flowers reach height.
Most flowers release pollen.
Most flowers require pollinators.
Most flowers resemble flowers.
Most flowers resemble hollyhocks.
Most flowers resemble lovely orchids.
Most flowers resemble orchids.
Most flowers secrete enzymes.
Most flowers secrete nectar , a sugary, scented liquid to help attract insects to the flower.
Most flowers secrete nectar.
Most flowers seen are blue, but can also be pink and white.
Most flowers shed petals.
Most flowers shed pollen.
Most flowers shed viable pollen.
Most flowers show color.
Most flowers show intense color.
Most flowers sprout from seeds.
Most flowers stem foliage.
Most flowers surround bright flowers.
Most flowers surround bright yellow flowers.
Most flowers surround brown disk flowers.
Most flowers surround flowers.
Most flowers surround petals.
Most flowers surround yellow flowers.
Most flowers survive climates.
Most flowers survive cold climates.
Most flowers take up water.
Most flowers undergo reproduction.
Most flowers undergo sexual reproduction.
Most flowers vary in color.
Most flowers yield pollen.
Most flowers yield seeds.
Some flowers add flavor.
Some flowers add spicy flavor.
Some flowers also attract insect visitors with fragrances.
Some flowers also fluoress under UV light allowing insects to locate nectar reservoirs.
Some flowers appear in months.
Some flowers appear in summer months.
Some flowers appear on lilacs.
Some flowers appear on trees.
Some flowers appear on vines.
Some flowers are a lot more attractive than others.
Some flowers are annuals, some are prennial.
Some flowers are complex or multiple as in the dandelion.
Some flowers are dependent upon the wind to move pollen between flowers of the same species.
Some flowers are easier to preserve than others, such as roses, orchids, lilies and irises.
Some flowers are harder to appreciate than others.
Some flowers are heliotropic, facing the sun as it moves for increased heat.
Some flowers are male, some are female and some are both.
Some flowers are more sensitive than others.
Some flowers are much more eatable than others.
Some flowers are part of anemones.
Some flowers are part of angiosperms.
Some flowers are part of bluebottles.
Some flowers are part of carnation.
Some flowers are part of daisies.
Some flowers are part of dicotyledons.
Some flowers are part of helianthuses.
Some flowers are part of marigolds.
Some flowers are part of monocots.
Some flowers are part of orchids.
Some flowers are part of poppies.
Some flowers are part of snapdragons.
Some flowers are part of snowdrops.
Some flowers are part of sunflowers.
Some flowers are part of vanillas.
Some flowers are part of wildflowers.
Some flowers are pollinated by bats, fish, etc.
Some flowers are pollinated by beetles.
Some flowers are pollinated by birds, such as hummingbirds, or even bats such as the fruit bat.
Some flowers are pollinated by moths.
Some flowers are produced all alone, while others are produced in clusters called inflorescences.
Some flowers are quite fancy with long extensions, called spurs, which curl back.
Some flowers are radially symmetrical like the lily flower above.
Some flowers are self-pollinating.
Some flowers are slightly scented.
Some flowers are so popular they run out, so think ahead.
Some flowers are trumpet-like and some are more full.
Some flowers are very useful for regenerating the life force.
Some flowers are wholly irregular, showing no sort of symmetry.
Some flowers attract bats.
Some flowers attract herbivores.
Some flowers attract other such predators.
Some flowers attract predators.
Some flowers attract sorts.
Some flowers attract with scent, some with color.
Some flowers become capsules.
Some flowers bloom in autumn.
Some flowers bloom in early autumn.
Some flowers bloom in late winter.
Some flowers bloom in spring fall winter.
Some flowers bloom in the spring while others bloom in the summer.
Some flowers bloom in winter.
Some flowers bloom well in full light, others in the shade.
Some flowers can last as long as three weeks in arrangements.
Some flowers can produce both male and female gametes.
Some flowers cause death.
Some flowers come in contact.
Some flowers consist of seeds.
Some flowers consist of sepals.
Some flowers contain chemicals.
Some flowers contain female ovaries.
Some flowers contain florets.
Some flowers contain more nectar thereby increasing their attractiveness to butterflies.
Some flowers contain more nectar, and are more attractive to butterflies.
Some flowers contain ovaries.
Some flowers contain ovules.
Some flowers contain ray florets.
Some flowers contain single ovules.
Some flowers contain sugar.
Some flowers depend largely on small birds for pol- hnation and show corresponding adaptations.
Some flowers depend on the wind to take the pollen from one flower to another flower.
Some flowers develop a pink or purple tinge as they age.
Some flowers develop at forks.
Some flowers develop berries.
Some flowers develop fruit.
Some flowers develop into bananas.
Some flowers develop into cones.
Some flowers develop into grapes.
Some flowers develop into seeds.
Some flowers develop into tiny seeds.
Some flowers emerge from centers.
Some flowers emerge in afternoons.
Some flowers emerge in late afternoons.
Some flowers fade to sepia tones.
Some flowers fill baskets.
Some flowers fill pollen baskets.
Some flowers fill rooms.
Some flowers follow transformation.
Some flowers form catkins.
Some flowers form fruit.
Some flowers form red fruit.
Some flowers form silvery catkins.
Some flowers form tubes.
Some flowers grow best in the fall.
Some flowers grow extremely quickly, such as foxglove or delphinium, while others grow more slowly.
Some flowers grow from axils.
Some flowers grow from flowers.
Some flowers grow from leaf axils.
Some flowers grow from upper axils.
Some flowers grow from upper leaf axils.
Some flowers grow in clusters, some bloom alone.
Some flowers grow in mass.
Some flowers grow in pockets.
Some flowers grow in pools.
Some flowers grow in rings.
Some flowers grow in tops.
Some flowers grow in water.
Some flowers grow into berries.
Some flowers grow on bushes.
Some flowers grow on plants.
Some flowers grow on trees.
Some flowers have a great smell and taste.
Some flowers have a heavier aroma, and a higher yield of essential oil, at sunset.
Some flowers have a white fringe around the outside edge of the petal.
Some flowers have abundances.
Some flowers have activities.
Some flowers have advantage.
Some flowers have areas.
Some flowers have arrangements.
Some flowers have bases.
Some flowers have berries.
Some flowers have blotches.
Some flowers have both female and male reproductive organs, and are identified as perfect flowers.
Some flowers have bright colors.
Some flowers have characteristics.
Some flowers have color-intensive stamens.
Some flowers have cotyledons.
Some flowers have dark blotches.
Some flowers have delicate flavor.
Some flowers have delicate floral flavor.
Some flowers have different fields.
Some flowers have disks.
Some flowers have distinct characteristics.
Some flowers have electric fields.
Some flowers have fields.
Some flowers have flavor.
Some flowers have floral flavor.
Some flowers have fruit.
Some flowers have grape berries.
Some flowers have green sepals.
Some flowers have guides.
Some flowers have impact.
Some flowers have importance.
Some flowers have instinct.
Some flowers have lemon flavor.
Some flowers have many distinct characteristics.
Some flowers have many pistils that are partially or wholly fused.
Some flowers have meanings, check out some common ones here.
Some flowers have mild flavor.
Some flowers have mild onion flavor.
Some flowers have modification.
Some flowers have onion flavor.
Some flowers have only male parts, and some have only female parts.
Some flowers have patterns, called nectar guides , that show pollinators where to look for nectar.
Some flowers have patterns, called nectar guides, that show pollinators where to look for nectar.
Some flowers have petals that make dihedral groups.
Some flowers have platforms.
Some flowers have potent odors to attract beetles and flies.
Some flowers have purple sepals.
Some flowers have ranges.
Some flowers have rays.
Some flowers have red centers.
Some flowers have red spots.
Some flowers have religious importance.
Some flowers have sepals and petals that look the same.
Some flowers have sepals.
Some flowers have sex.
Some flowers have similar characteristics.
Some flowers have simple guides.
Some flowers have small fruit.
Some flowers have spines.
Some flowers have spiral arrangements.
Some flowers have spots.
Some flowers have twigs.
Some flowers have ultraviolet markings that can only be seen by insects.
Some flowers have very pretty blossoms attached along the length of a long and straggly stem.
Some flowers have yellow blotches.
Some flowers have yellow central disks.
Some flowers hold liquids.
Some flowers hold sugary liquids.
Some flowers increase capacity.
Some flowers just taste bad but others are downright poisonous.
Some flowers lack one or the other reproductive organ and called imperfect or unisexual.
Some flowers lack petals.
Some flowers lack pistils.
Some flowers lack sepals.
Some flowers last for months.
Some flowers last longer than others.
Some flowers lend themselves to pressing more than others.
Some flowers live for a whole season while others live a week.
Some flowers live for many years.
Some flowers live for several years.
Some flowers live for years.
Some flowers look and stink like rotten meat.
Some flowers look best if dried upside down.
Some flowers look like bananas.
Some flowers look like diagrams.
Some flowers look like explode fireworks.
Some flowers look like fingers.
Some flowers look like fireworks.
Some flowers look like moth wings.
Some flowers look like pinecones.
Some flowers look like popcorn.
Some flowers look like they belong at a funeral.
Some flowers look like wings.
Some flowers make arrangements.
Some flowers make beautiful arrangements.
Some flowers make covers called fruits.
Some flowers make flavor.
Some flowers make fruit.
Some flowers make plants.
Some flowers make soup.
Some flowers occur on sporophytes.
Some flowers occur on trees.
Some flowers only live a short amount of time.
Some flowers open and close depending on the time of day.
Some flowers open and close every day.
Some flowers open at certain times of the day.
Some flowers pollinate by insects while others pollinate by wind.
Some flowers possess anthers.
Some flowers practically dry on the plant, such as hydrangeas.
Some flowers precede berries.
Some flowers prefer shadow to sunshine.
Some flowers produce beans.
Some flowers produce berries.
Some flowers produce blackberries.
Some flowers produce fluid.
Some flowers produce fruit.
Some flowers produce grain.
Some flowers produce green berries.
Some flowers produce mangrove trees.
Some flowers produce oil.
Some flowers produce pollen grain.
Some flowers produce raspberries.
Some flowers produce trees.
Some flowers produce vanilla beans.
Some flowers produce yellow fruit.
Some flowers produce young mangrove trees.
Some flowers produce young trees.
Some flowers protect flowers.
Some flowers provide a nutritional boost as well as flavor.
Some flowers provide butterflies.
Some flowers provide food.
Some flowers provide opportunity.
Some flowers provide resources.
Some flowers rely of the wind to carry pollen grains others rely on insects.
Some flowers require special attention prior to conditioning.
Some flowers resemble claws.
Some flowers resemble daisies.
Some flowers resemble fingers.
Some flowers resemble irises.
Some flowers resemble lilacs.
Some flowers resemble lilies.
Some flowers resemble meat.
Some flowers resemble mouths.
Some flowers resemble open mouths.
Some flowers resemble raw meat.
Some flowers resemble snapdragons.
Some flowers resemble tulips.
Some flowers show a high degree of adapta- tion for particular visitors.
Some flowers stand in clover.
Some flowers store food.
Some flowers survive for many years.
Some flowers survive for years.
Some flowers survive icy winter.
Some flowers survive winter.
Some flowers turn into edible fruit.
Some flowers turn into fruit.
Some flowers turn into weeds.
Some flowers use the wind to carry pollen.
Some flowers use wind for pollination.
A flowerbed is a bed
Flowerbeds are beds.
Flowerbeds are gardens.
Flowerbeds can look exceptionally pretty when planted in big tractor tires, painted white.
Flowerbeds display flora from sub-tropical areas such as South Africa and Australia.
Flowerbeds make perfect digging ground, and a pretty pond makes a great swimming pool.
Flowered comforters add to the cheery ambience of the room.
Flowered coronets are popular with the young.
Flowerings are development.
A flowerpot is a container
Flowerpot holds junk from bottom and saucer goes on top of flowerpot to seal top.
Flowerpot isa container.
Flowerpots have (part) sections.
Some flowerpots are made of porcelain.
Flowers buds drop off.
Many flowers flowers are grouped together to form a flower-like structure .
Many flowers flowers are grouped together to form a flower-like structure.
Flowers petals are thick and sturdy.
Flowing is events.
Flowing is fluid movement.
Flowthrough balances are available for propulsion tests.
Flowthrough blocks make possible the simultaneous purification of multiple samples.
FLSA rate is calculated by week one and week two.
FLSA status is driven by position for classified staff.
Flu epidemics happen in the winter months because that's when the virus spreads across the country.
Flu epidemics have a tremendous potential for killing people.
Flu epidemics kill hundreds of thousands of people a year and cause millions of cases of illness.
Flu epidemics occur in the late fall and winter.
Flu jab cuts hospital admissions by two thirds.
Flu season begins every year mainly in late fall and early winter and in a widespread fashion.
Flu season can vary considerably from year to year.
Flu season is also cold season.
Flu season is definitely in full swing.
Flu season is here again.
Flu season is here.
Flu season is underway and has been epidemic in some places in the southeastern United States.
Flu season requires lots of rest and liquids.
Flu season sucks.
Flu shot cuts death risk for elderly.
Flu shot is located in doctors.
Flu shots are a good idea for anyone who has asthma, and pregnant women are no exception.
Flu shots are also available by appointment at clinics and other health care providers.
Flu shots are appropriate for anyone who wants to reduce the risk of catching the disease.
Flu shots are available at minimal cost in many places throughout the community.
Flu shots are available at the health center any time.
Flu shots are available for homebound citizens.
Flu shots are available for students worried about contracting the virus.
Flu shots are available in season for adults.
Flu shots are available through private physicians and local public health departments.
Flu shots are available upon request at a minimal cost.
Flu shots are available, wih pre-registration.
Flu shots are available.
Flu shots are common.
Flu shots are especially important to get for seniors and persons with chronic health conditions.
Flu shots are for most people.
Flu shots are generally widely available.
Flu shots are most effective at preventing severe influenza with complications.
Flu shots are once again available.
Flu shots are particularly important for the elderly.
Flu shots are probably a good idea, too.
Flu shots are safe and effective.
Flu shots are still available for faculty, staff and students.
Flu shots are the best prevention against flu.
Flu shots are the first line of defense against influenza.
Flu shots are usually available in the fall of each year.
Flu shots are vitally important in reducing their risk of respiratory infections.
Flu shots become available for faculty and staff.
Flu shots Call the hospital information desk for complete details.
Flu shots can help many people when taken far enough in advance.
Flu shots can prevent infection with influenza or reduce symptoms even if infection occurs.
Flu shots can prevent the flu.
Flu shots do help.
Flu shots hold illness at bay for about three months.
Flu shots take about two weeks to become fully effective.
Most flu shots are boosters that include several strains of flu viruses.
Flu vaccination is important.
Flu vaccinations are available at the scheduled immunization clinics.
Flu vaccinations are now available at the scheduled immunization clinics.
Flu vaccinations are pretty effective.
Flu vaccinations are still the best available means for preventing influenza.
Flu vaccinations are very safe.
Flu vaccinations protect against flu.
Flu vaccine causes the flu.
Flu vaccine contains no live virus and only parts of killed viruses.
Flu vaccine contains no live virus, and only parts of killed virus.
Flu vaccine helps prevent other upper respiratory infections.
Flu vaccine is available in special clinics each fall.
Flu vaccine is available through a formal consent process.
Flu vaccine is made from dead viruses, so no one can get influenza from a flu vaccination.
Flu vaccine is made from killed influenza viruses.
Flu vaccine is safe.
Flu vaccine is still available.
Flu vaccine is very effective when the vaccine viruses and circulating viruses are well matched.
Flu vaccines are available at little or no cost.
Flu vaccines are available in the fall.
Flu vaccines are currently available to faculty and staff.
Flu vaccines contain no live virus, so it's impossible to get the flu from a flu shot.
Flu vaccines contain the ingredients from three different strains of flu virus.
Flu vaccines do prevent serious illness and death.
Flu vaccines provide protection.
Most flu vaccines provide protection.
Some flu vaccines have mercury.
Flu viruses are airborne and lodge themselves in nasal passageways.
Flu viruses can enter the body through the mucous membranes of the eyes, nose or mouth.
Flu viruses can enter the body through the mucous membranes of the eyes, nose, or mouth.
Flu viruses change all the time.
Flu viruses change every year, so it is advisable to receive a new vaccination each year.
Flu viruses enter the body through the eyes, nose or mouth.
Flu viruses evolve rapidly.
Flu viruses have a high mutation rate and evolve much more rapidly than higher plants and animals.
Flu viruses tend to live longer on surfaces than cold viruses do.
Many flu viruses exist and are passed from an infected person to the nose or throat of others.
Some flu viruses are caught from animals .
Some flu viruses are caught from animals.
Flu affects people who are at high risk more severely.
Flu again halts several parties.
Flu also causes muscle aches and tiredness.
Flu also tends to come in waves, while colds are fairly constant.
Flu can affect people of any age.
Flu can be devastating, even for people who are healthy.
Flu can be especially dangerous to the elderly.
Flu can cause fever, and fever is dehydrating.
Flu can cause vomiting, as well as food poisoning.
Flu can lead to other complications.
Flu can lead to pneumonia and death.
Flu can sweep through a barn, leaving horses with runny noses, wheezing and coughing.
Flu causes fever, chills, cough, and muscle aches.
Flu causes most people to be ill for only a few days.
Flu comes on quickly and attacks the upper respiratory system.
Flu exacerbates the problem, but it's the health-care system and loss of nursing staff.
Flu has (part) coughs.
Flu has serious symptoms.
Flu has stature.
Flu has symptoms.
Flu infects millions of people every year, and it can cause death.
Flu infects up to one hundred million people in the Northern Hemisphere every year.
Flu is a big problem in our school.
Flu is a common contagious respiratory infection caused by a virus.
Flu is a family of viral infections.
Flu is a folk illness.
Flu is a great read, although following the machinations of the swine flu episode can be slow.
Flu is a highly contagious disease caused by one or more strains of influenza virus.
Flu is a lower-respiratory viral infection and is highly contagious.
Flu is a potentially serious disease which can be life threatening to the chronically ill and aged.
Flu is a respiratory illness.
Flu is a viral disease.
Flu is a virus and thus antibiotics are useless against it.
Flu is a winter-time respiratory disease caused by influenza virus, and it can be fatal.
Flu is actually short for influenza and is caused by a virus that infects the respiratory tract.
Flu is also responsible for millions of lost workdays, the scientists say.
Flu is an acute and contagious infection of the respiratory tract.
Flu is an impressive, informative and sobering read.
Flu is an infectious disease caused by a virus found in birds and mammals.
Flu is caused by a virus.
Flu is caused by viruses that infect the respiratory tract.
Flu is contagion
Flu is contagious diseases.
Flu is definitely a hands-on kind of experience.
Flu is extremely contagious.
Flu is fairly common, often dangerous in kids.
Flu is highly contagious.
Flu is influenza, an illness caused by a virus.
Flu is influenza.
Flu is merely a nuisance.
Flu is often worse in children with chronic lung or heart diseases.
Flu is one of the leading causes of death in elderly people during the winter months.
Flu is particularly risky for seniors and kids.
Flu is predictable.
Flu is short for influenza, a highly contagious virus that infects the respiratory system.
Flu is short for influenza.
Flu is spread from person to person through droplets that are coughed or sneezed into the air.
Flu is spread through sneezing, coughing or direct contact with the infected individual.
Flu is spread trough airborne droplets.
Flu is treated by providing children with plenty of fluids and rest.
Flu is treated with rest and fluids.
Flu is treated with rest, fluids and paracetamol.
Flu is very common.
Flu is very infectious and can be passed easily from person to person.
Flu is viruses.
Flu isa disease.
Flu occurs most often in the winter.
Flu Provides the latest information on the virus, drugs, and even includes a test about flu facts.
Flu seems to be the culprit.
Flu spreads across Europe .
Flu spreads through the air from sneezing and coughing or through close physical contact.
Flu still has more than a foot in the door onboard.
Flu strikes people with weak immune systems the hardest.
Flu strikes within one to three days after exposure to the virus.
Flu always mutates at least slightly each year.
Flu frequently causes chills, headaches and muscle pains.
Flu usually brings on aches and pains.
Flu usually is a mild disease in healthy children, young adults, and middle-aged people.
Flu usually is more severe.
Every flu is packed together into a hurricane.
Most flu has serious symptoms.
Most flu has symptoms.
Some flu includes headaches.
Fluctuating asymmetry correlates with lower survival and growth rates, and fewer offspring.
Fluctuating asymmetry indicates levels of competition in an even-aged poplar clone.
Fluctuating asymmetry indicates levels of competiton in an even-aged poplar clone.
Fluctuating asymmetry is a measurement of non-directional deviation from bilateral symmetry.
A fluctuation is irregularity
Fluctuation can occur, but visual improvement is almost immediate following surgery.
Fluctuation is a concept incorporating notions of freedom and dissipation.
Fluctuation is negligible even when the single phase loads are unbalanced.
Fluctuation is significant due to the formation of new bands, the dissolution or renaming of bands.
Fluctuation isa motion.
Fluctuation varies according to the extent of surgery, degree of correction, and patient age.
Fluctuations affect density.
Fluctuations affect men s cognitive cycles.
Fluctuations allow evolution.
Fluctuations alter habitats.
Fluctuations are due to shocks to the aggregate supply curve.
Fluctuations are irregularity.
Fluctuations are much greater in the highlands where temperatures are lower.
Fluctuations are of a statistical rather than market nature.
Fluctuations are of the order of a few tenth of .
Fluctuations are perfectly normal.
Fluctuations are situations.
Fluctuations are to be minimized within a range of ten points.
Fluctuations are waves.
Fluctuations begin to appear in the direction of the wider parts of the horn.
Fluctuations can be a result of various activities and factors.
Fluctuations can cause cut-off date movement to slow, stop, or even retrogress.
Fluctuations come from variation.
Fluctuations damp nearly exponentially as the diffusion length overtakes the wavelength.
Fluctuations do occur but they are minimal.
Fluctuations have growth.
Fluctuations increase the average utility and a rational behaviour is generally more rewarding.
Fluctuations is mean size and in age structure also occured.
Fluctuations lead to problems.
Fluctuations occur from month to month, but over a longer period the statistics are comparable.
Fluctuations occur from year to year, but ordinarily there is no continuous increase.
Fluctuations occur in properties along all directions.
Fluctuations occur in the number of convictions for different offences from year to year.
Fluctuations occur on yearly, seasonal, daily and hourly basis.
Fluctuations occur partly because companies make money, or lose money.
Fluctuations play a central role in the dynamics of self-maintenance.
Fluctuations play a key role in many physical processes.
Fluctuations represent variation.
Fluctuations seem to represent effects of mutations in the virus or episodic immune reactions.
Fluctuations take places.
Fluctuations tend to affect durable manufactured goods more than services.
Fluctuations always occur during the winter.
Any fluctuation can be profitable.
Most fluctuations affect density.
Most fluctuations come from variation.
Most fluctuations have growth.
Most fluctuations lead to problems.
Most fluctuations represent variation.
Most fluctuations take places.
Some fluctuations affect output.
Some fluctuations affect performance.
Some fluctuations affect size.
Some fluctuations are caused by drought.
Some fluctuations are caused by severe drought.
Some fluctuations are tolerable, but they want less risk than the overall stock market.
Some fluctuations cause exhaustion.
Some fluctuations cause premature exhaustion.
Some fluctuations create habitats.
Some fluctuations increase chances.
Some fluctuations increase diversity.
Some fluctuations indicate movement.
Some fluctuations involve deposition.
Some fluctuations involve erosion deposition.
Some fluctuations occur in plants.
Some fluctuations occur in variation.
Some fluctuations result in extinction.
Some fluctuations result in fragmentation.
Some fluctuations result in habitat fragmentation.
Flue channel is laid out on precast oven ceiling.
A flue pipe is a pipework
Flue pipes carry the exhaust gases from the appliance flue collar to the base of the chimney.
A flue is a conduit
Flue isa conduit.
Flues have (part) readsides.
Flues have (part) sections.
All flues are respiratory tract infections.
A fluency is style
Fluency builds one's confidence as a reader and influences comprehension.
Fluency comes slowly for bilingual students in certain English-only programs.
Fluency depends on a balance between difficulty and gratification.
Fluency indicates higher level learning, which allows application to new technologies.
Fluency involves a linking between technology and the curriculum.
Fluency inwritten and oral English is required.
Fluency is a major goal.
Fluency is a natural by-product of the achievement of the therapeutic goals.
Fluency is a very rapid flow of ideas, so there's never more than a moment of silence.
Fluency is achieved without actual sound through a visual simulation of speech.
Fluency is assumed.
Fluency is defined as the number of spoken words per minute.
Fluency is dependent on a sense of keeping up with a forward motion.
Fluency is language is helpful.
Fluency is more impressive than speed.
Fluency is more than fluent speech.
Fluency is one critical factor necessary for reading comprehension.
Fluency is one of the major components tested.
Fluency is only one aspect of good communication.
Fluency is possible for the first time for many deaf individuals.
Fluency is required for certain projects.
Fluency is required in the language of the host country.
Fluency is simply a natural by-product of the speaking system functioning automatically. .
Fluency is the ability to come up with many ideas.
Fluency is the ability to generate a large number of ideas or alternate solutions to a problem.
Fluency is the ability to generate many ideas.
Fluency is the ability to identify words so swiftly that comprehension and enjoyment result.
Fluency is the ability to read smoothly, easily, and quickly.
Fluency is the Holy Grail, with no tolerance for imperfection.
Fluency refers to technical freedom on the instrument.
Fluency requires time and study, along with immersion in the culture.
Fluent bilingualism provides life-long social, cultural, economic, and intellectual advantages.
Some fluent individuals develop neurologic compromise and become stutterers.
Fluent movement requires knowledge of start and stop points in order to preplan the movement.
Fluent movement requires preplanning, from start to finish, before movement begins.
Fluent performance is the icing on the cake.
Fluent readers participate in leterature circles, paired reading, or individual reading.
More fluent readers can read the story aloud to partners.
Fluent reading is fast reading.
Fluent reading sounds like talking.
Fluent software is used to simulate the mixing process which shows the effectiveness of the mixing.
All Fluent software includes full postprocessing capabilities.
Fluent speakers produce voicing as the basic element in overt speech production.
Fluent speakers seem to utter long messages with ease and grace.
Fluent speech flows easily and is usually made without effort.
Fluent speech is dependent on a steady flow of air.
Fluent speech is smooth, forward flowing, unhesitant and effortless speech.
Fluent speech looks easy and effortless in two ways.
All Fluent users have access to comprehensive training.
Fluent writing has cadence, power, rhythm, and movement.
Flufenamic acid causes release of calcium from intracellular stores.
Fluff pulp is used primarily in the manufacture of disposable diapers and other sanitary items.
Fluff cows for use as pillows.
Fluff ends if desired.
Fluff is a material
Fluff is blunder.
Fluff is located in beds.
Fluff is materials.
Fluff isa material.
Fluff isa stuff.
Fluff pillows regularly.
Fluff starts to shiver and shake and look around to see if it is time to get up.
Fluffies are devoutly loyal to their friends and intensely vengeful with their enemies.
Fluffies are thus sworn to raise 'em, rescue 'em, and nurture 'em 'til do they part.
Fluffies are, by nature, fluffy.
Fluffy bedding is dangerous for hamsters.
Fluffy clothing is a cheap source of cushioning for less fragile items.
Fluffy comforters rest on either king, queen, or full beds and promise a peaceful night's sleep.
Some fluffy cotton has air.
Fluffy dogs have expectancy.
Fluffy dogs have life expectancy.
Most fluffy dogs have expectancy.
Most fluffy dogs have life expectancy.
Fluffy feathers serve dual purposes.
Fluffy feathers serve purposes.
Most fluffy feathers serve dual purposes.
Most fluffy feathers serve purposes.
Fluffy little dogs have expectancy.
Fluffy little dogs have life expectancy.
A fluffy omelet is an omelette
Fluffy omelets rise higher because the whites are first whipped then folded into the yolks.
Fluffy pancakes made from scratch are as good a way as any to start the day on the island.
Fluffy plumage makes their flight almost soundless.
Fluffy plumage makes their flight nearly soundless.
Fluffy robes provided as private bathroom is just down the hall.
Fluffy seeds float through the air.
Fluffy snowflakes can be the seeds of a deadly blizzard.
Fluffy toys are welcome.
A flugelhorn is brass
Flugelhorns have a short, wide mouthpiece, valves and a flared bell.
Fluid absorption occurs slowly, allowing the gel to interact with the wound exudate.
Fluid accumulation is primarily intracellular.
Some fluid accumulation causes pressure.
Fluid acrylics remain strong in colour intensity and binding strength.
Fluid administration attenuates the hemodynamic effect of frusemide in running horses.
Fluid administration is a crucial part of the treatment of pediatric shock.
Fluid athlete has potential to play left tackle.
Fluid balance is maintained by the use of carefully calculated amounts of the required fluids.
Fluid boards are very nice.
Fluid buttermilk sold on the retail level is generally cultured.
Fluid capacity is given for reference only.
Fluid change is central in the picture.
Fluid changes account for the rest of the body composition changes.
Fluid changes are cheap insurance against big-bucks repairs.
All fluid checks are readily accessible and easy to make.
Fluid communication is the essential objective of drawing.
Fluid consumption includes all liquids plus water in foods.
Fluid contact is limited to chemically inert thermoplastics and elastomers.
Fluid couplings are subject to severe stress, due to their high speed and great-transmitted power.
Fluid culture is helpful in determining appropriate antibiotic therapy.
Fluid density is measured using a simple mud balance.
Fluid diarrhoea mixed with mucus and blood, it floats on the water.
Some fluid discharge is also common.
Fluid drag causes the particle to move because of horizontal force and vertical lift.
A fluid drive is a coupler
Fluid drives are safer than mechanical drives, yet they are less efficient.
Fluid dynamics describes how liquids and gases move and aims to limit the effects of drag.
Fluid dynamics is a business of solving the general equations of motion for fluids.
Fluid dynamics is obvious, as blood a fluid medium flows within a restraint, the blood vessel.
Fluid dynamics is one of the broadest and most difficult fields of study in all of science.
Fluid dynamics is the science of motion of anything that flows, liquid or gas.
Fluid dynamics plays a key role in the anthropogenic and natural processes of the interface.
Fluid ergot is an opalescent, amber-colored liquid, possessing a peculiar musty odor.
Fluid extracts are more concentrated than tinctures.
Fluid fade is the second type of brake fade.
Fluid fertilizers offer ease of use.
Most fluid fertilizers contain the same basic ingredients as dry fertilizers.
Fluid flow can be rotational or irrotational.
Fluid flow is blocked to and from the cylinder until a new control system input is initiated.
Fluid flow is everything.
Fluid flow is facilitated by the high porosity of the upper ca .
Fluid flow is measured with a wide variety of instruments.
Fluid flow is relatively easy to predict in random materials.
Fluid flow is represented as large arrows.
Fluid flow occurs perpendicular to the isolines of hydraulic head.
Fluid flows are usually basaltic.
Fluid force consists of pressure and momentum components.
Fluid friction is observed in the flow of liquids and gases.
Fluid friction occurs when an object moves across or through a fluid.
Fluid friction offers resistance.
Most fluid friction offers resistance.
Some fluid friction involves fluid.
Some fluid governors work like small rotating pumps.
Fluid inclusions are highly saline and sodium-rich.
Fluid inclusions are microscopic cavities within minerals where fluid has become trapped.
Fluid inclusions are tiny bubbles of gas and water trapped in the minerals.
Fluid ingestion replaces fluids 'borrowed' from tissues.
Fluid ink bears a freefalling wash of unsanitary grudges.
Fluid intake helps prevent heat illness, particularly during the summertime.
Fluid intake is adequate when the urine is pale yellow in color.
Fluid intake is also critically important.
Fluid intake is also essential.
Fluid intake is very important because it is easy for a child with diarrhea to become dehydrated.
Fluid intake is very important in the treatment of urethritis and other urinary track disorders.
Fluid intake is very important.
Fluid intake needs to be monitored.
Fluid intake starts today.
Fluid intelligence is important to psychologists as it relates to the study of aging.
Fluid intelligence is related to general problem solving capacity.
Fluid intelligence is seen in reasoning, memory and information processing.
Fluid intelligence refers to the flexible and rapid processing of information in the brain.
Fluid intrusion plays a key role in partial melting.
Fluid lavage helps flush out loosened calculus and leaves a cleaner subgingival area.
Fluid layouts are significantly preferred to both centered and left-justified layouts.
Fluid level is fine.
Fluid levels determine the viscosity of our blood as well.
All fluid levels are to be checked and are to be at normal operating levels.
Fluid loss accounts for the temporary weight reduction.
Fluid loss can attract other insects to further irritate the wound.
Fluid loss can cause numerous problems in the body.
Fluid loss can occur from common conditions such as diarrhea or vomiting .
Fluid loss causes blood flow to decrease in the vital organs, resulting in a form of shock.
Fluid loss causes blook flow to decrease in the vital organs, resulting in a form of shock.
Fluid loss is likely to be greater with lower-body work.
Fluid loss leads to increased core temp., leading to more fluid loss, etc.
Any fluid loss is a potential problem.
Fluid magma allows gasses to escape and therefore are less explosive.
Fluid management is one of the fundamentals of a board-certified plastic surgeon's training.
Fluid management is very important in snake bite cases.
Fluid management is very important in snakebite cases.
Fluid masses roil in turbulent frenzy.
Fluid mechanics are mechanics.
Fluid mechanics can be mathematically complex .
Fluid mechanics can be mathematically complex.
Fluid mechanics deals with the motion of fluids such as water, air and blood.
Fluid mechanics deals with the study of all fluids under static and dynamic situations.
Fluid mechanics includes applications to sprinkler design, suppression systems, and smoke movement.
Fluid mechanics is a subdiscipline of continuum mechanics , as illustrated in the following table .
Fluid mechanics is a subdiscipline of continuum mechanics, as illustrated in the following table.
Fluid mechanics is developed using the general energy principle equations.
Fluid mechanics is divided into statics and dynamics.
Fluid mechanics is largely an experimental science.
Fluid mechanics is math intensive.
Fluid mechanics is studied both with experimental techniques and numerical methods.
Fluid mechanics is the study of the effects of forces and energy on liquids and gases.
Fluid mechanics is the study of the forces and motions of liquids and gases.
Fluid membranes are suitable for rougher surfaces.
Some fluid membranes cover spines.
Fluid milk can replace water.
Fluid milk is an exception to the general pattern of growth for exports of most U.S. dairy products.
Fluid milk is fortified with vitamin D and rich in calcium.
Fluid milk is likely to be the most highly concentrated, easily absorbed source of growth hormones.
Fluid milk is used as a 'football' item in grocery stores.
Fluid motion driven by thermal gradients is a common and important phenomenon in nature.
Fluid motion is caused by external forces.
Fluid motion is caused by forces.
Fluid motions occur in the magnetosphere , atmosphere , ocean, mantle and core .
Most fluid motion is caused by external forces.
Most fluid motion is caused by forces.
Fluid movement contributes to stamina during sustained exercise.
Fluid movement depends greatly on compaction.
Fluid movement keeps the joints flexible.
Fluid movement occurs as a result of angular acceleration.
Fluid movements are easier to perform than their counterparts on land.
Fluid ounce is an imperial and U.S. customary volume unit.
Fluid output is greater that fluid intake.
Fluid overload can manifest itself by reducing both lung and chest wall compliance.
Fluid overload is a common cause in infants.
Fluid overload is a distinct but avoidable hazard in the treatment of asphyxiated infant.
Fluid overload is a type of fluid poisoning.
Fluid overload is considered life threatening.
Fluid pain occurs when there is phlegm accumulation placing pressure in the upper abdomen and chest.
Fluid particles can interact with other principal particles.
Fluid particles move anticyclonically around elliptical orbits.
Fluid particles move in a series of eddies or whirls.
Fluid particles move in series of eddies or whirls.
Fluid particles rotate around the horizontal and vertical axis of the central particle.
Fluid power includes hydraulics, which involves liquids, and pneumatics, which involves gases.
Fluid power is treated.
Fluid power uses water and other liquids.
Fluid pressure applies in all directions.
Fluid pressure forces the ram outward and lifts the elevator.
Fluid pressure increases with depth.
Fluid pressure is often due to gravity and the weight of the fluid above.
Fluid pressure is transmitted to either the undogging or dogging side of the hydraulic cylinders.
Fluid pressure is used to make the cells open and close the stoma.
Fluid pressure produces the erection.
Fluid pressure stabilizes the lockout piston and holds the mechanical input lever.
Fluid pressures tend to be highest in clay-rich zones.
Fluid prices are firm in the East.
Fluid processes are also central to many practical problems in engineering and medical science.
Fluid processing integrates programmable logic as a coprocessor in a mainstream computing system.
Fluid production ceases after the first day.
Fluid properties can be strong, weak, or independent function of pressure.
Fluid pumps are available in various types.
Fluid pumps can often overcome the resistance created by positional changes.
Fluid quarks are capital that immediately engages and sustains progress.
Some fluid reabsorption occurs in the ascending limb.
Fluid relations replace rigid ones.
Fluid removal works a bit differently with peritoneal dialysis.
Fluid replacement drinks like cytomax or powerade work well.
Fluid replacement is a good idea, because diarrhea can cause dehydration.
Fluid replacement is a major concern.
Fluid replacement is a special concern for children involved in sports activities.
Fluid replacement is by far the most important aspect of treatment.
Fluid replacement is critical for exercising individuals.
Fluid replacement is crucial in any weather, but especially in hot and humid conditions.
Fluid replacement is important before, during, and after the event.
Fluid replacement is needed if dehydration is a problem.
Fluid replacement is probably the most important nutritional concern for athletes.
Fluid replacement is the common therapy.
Fluid replacement remains the mainstay of management.
Fluid replenishment is a two-part process.
Fluid requirements vary for children based on their size, activity level, and temperature.
Fluid restriction can be harmful.
Fluid restriction is a primary treatment for ascites.
Fluid restriction is the rule because of potential brain edema.
Fluid resuscitation is a mandatory first step in the treatment of septic shock.
Fluid resuscitation is detrimental in a blast injury model.
Fluid resuscitation is indicated in cases of hypotension due to sepsis or hemorrhage.
Fluid resuscitation is the first step in therapy.
Fluid retention accompanies estrogen replacement without progesterone.
Fluid retention can also show itself as an increase in weight.
Fluid retention can cause feet to be wider at the end of the day.
Fluid retention causes edema, transient weight gain, oliguria, and breast fullness and pain.
Fluid retention causes feet to be wider at the end of the day.
Fluid retention is a sign of liver damage, definitely.
Fluid retention is alleviated as stored water is lost.
Fluid retention is another common symptom of congestive heart failure.
Fluid retention is commonplace as is tachycardia.
Fluid retention is reversible within several days following discontinuation.
Fluid retention is the main cause of swelling of feet during pregnancy.
Fluid retention puts additional strain on the heart.
Fluid retention serves to keep high blood volumes to buffer the loss due to injury.
Fluid secretion is associated with the active transport of chloride.
Fluid sensitivity is an issue due to presence of bentonite beds.
Fluid shifts occur to lungs and brain.
Fluid status is maintained by adequate IV fluid and electrolyte replacement.
Fluid status is monitored and adequate intake ensured.
Fluid supplies are adequate to increasing in Southern states.
Fluid supplies are lighter and manufacturing plants are nearly idle.
Fluid supplies are seasonally tight.
Some fluid surrounds develop fetuses.
Fluid therapy includes replacement of various electrolytes, especially potassium.
Fluid therapy is based on an assessment of the degree of dehydration present.
Fluid therapy is essential.
Fluid therapy is important to keep circulation to the kidneys adequate and help prevent failure.
Fluid therapy is indicated if dehydration is a problem.
Fluid therapy is most effective when given aggressively and early in the course of disease.
Fluid therapy is of paramount importance.
Fluid therapy is very important.
Fluid turbidity is increased by incorporating vane-like structures on either side of pore spaces.
Fluid turbulence has much less of an effect on bacteria which are much smaller in physical size.
Fluid viscosity is defined as the ratio of shear rate to shear stress.
Fluid volume has nothing to do with oxalates nor with goitrogens and hypothyroidism.
Fluid volumes represent workloads, corresponding to virtual waiting times in queueing parlance.
Fluid weight is eliminated and the potential for a fluid spill is eliminated.
Fluid weight is managed in a different way.
Fluid absorbs heat.
Fluid also can seep into surrounding tissues, causing swelling.
Fluid also leaks from the blood vessels into the surrounding tissue.
Fluid also tracks on the right side below the liver, between it and the right kidney upper pole.
Fluid appears as a lighter area in the lungs on the film.
Fluid bathes the outer and inner surfaces of the cell membrane.
Fluid begins to collect between the cells, and an inner cavity or blastocyst appears.
Fluid builds up between the cells and they begin to lose their strength.
Fluid builds up in the ear.
Fluid builds up in the glands around the urethra.
Fluid builds up in the lungs, making it difficult to breathe.
Fluid builds up in the lungs. .
Fluid builds up in the lungs.
Fluid builds up, causing swelling in feet, ankles and legs.
Fluid builds up, limiting motion and causing pain.
Fluid burns skin.
Fluid can be clear, or infected.
Fluid can move around it in the partly closed shaped.
Fluid can now flow from the cylinder through the valve and out the exhaust port to the atmosphere.
Fluid can now flow to the patient.
Fluid captured between each tooth and the casing at the inlet port is carried to the outlet port.
Fluid comes from the eyeball.
Fluid comes in various colors and temperatures, with varying bubbles and other complications.
Fluid contains blood plasma.
Fluid contains chemicals.
Fluid contains electrolytes.
Fluid contains excess water.
Fluid contains excretory substances.
Fluid contains infectious organisms.
Fluid contains materials.
Fluid contains matter.
Fluid contains organisms.
Fluid contains particles.
Fluid contains plasma.
Fluid contains substances.
Fluid contains such substances.
Fluid contains water.
Fluid continues to accumulate in the antrum until the follicle is ready to ovulate.
Fluid covers surfaces.
Fluid dissolves salt.
Fluid drains back into the abdomen, making the bird bottom-heavy.
Fluid enters the lungs, causing acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Fluid exists as liquids.
Fluid fails to be carried along and seeps from the vessels into tissues and body cavities.
Fluid fills body cavities.
Fluid fills cavities.
Fluid fills the area and a vesicle is formed.
Fluid fills the kidney, and pain to the flank on the effected side is created.
Fluid fills the lungs and the alveoli collapse.
Fluid fills the synovial joint.
Fluid flows from high temperature locations.
Fluid flows from locations.
Fluid flows from regions.
Fluid flows through collect ducts.
Fluid flows through ducts.
Fluid flows through hose.
Fluid goes from the abdomen into the blood, and is then excreted by the kidneys.
Fluid hardens to solid, solid rushes to fluid.
Fluid has bitter taste.
Fluid has capacity.
Fluid has functions.
Fluid has high resistance.
Fluid has immune functions.
Fluid has properties.
Fluid has resistance.
Fluid has smell.
Fluid has taste.
Fluid helps to assure looser stools that are easier to pass.
Fluid helps to soften bowel movements so they are easier to pass.
Fluid includes water.
Fluid influences salt gland secretion.
Fluid influences secretion.
Fluid interferes with exchanges.
Fluid interferes with gas exchanges.
Fluid irritates eyes.
Fluid is a substance
Fluid is absorbed faster if small amounts are drunk regularly.
Fluid is always in sight with a direct reading in gpm, lpm, scfm, and slpm.
Fluid is as important as food.
Fluid is for use in very low temperature environments.
Fluid is free to flow from the inlet port through the cylinder to the actuating unit.
Fluid is full and clean.
Fluid is full and cooler clear.
Fluid is full.
Fluid is grossly bloody.
Fluid is important to prevent over heating and dehydration.
Fluid is incompressible, round window bulges and relieves pressure so oval window can vibrate.
Fluid is just no where near a good enough word to use to describe the movement of the players.
Fluid is located in containers.
Fluid is lower density than water.
Fluid is more likely to build in the middle ear.
Fluid is moved by action of stapes.
Fluid is part of the cartilage matrix.
Fluid is primarily intercellular.
Fluid is secreted by seminal vesicles.
Fluid is secreted by vesicles.
Fluid is substances.
Fluid is under constant high temperature and extreme hydraulic pressure.
Fluid isa matter.
Fluid moves from places.
Fluid never crosses the surface of a stream tube.
Fluid overflowing the dam is drained via a vacuum line to waste.
Fluid passes into collect ducts.
Fluid passes into ducts.
Fluid passes out of the epithelium of glomerular capillaries through openings called fenestrae.
Fluid passes through ileums.
Fluid promotes diffusion.
Fluid promotes excretion.
Fluid provides energy.
Fluid provides nourishment.
Fluid reduces friction.
Fluid reduces the flexing of tires.
Fluid regulates blood pressure.
Fluid regulates pressure.
Fluid removes heat.
Fluid serves functions.
Fluid surrounds joints.
Fluid tends to accumulate causing increasing sinus and facial pain and pressure.
Fluid tends to accumulate in tissues.
Fluid transfers energy.
Fluid transfers internal energy.
Fluids also become hotter if their path is obstructed in any way.
Fluids also can exhibit time dependent or directional viscosity characteristics.
Fluids also dilute toxins and hasten their excretion from the body.
Fluids also have density.
Fluids also help relieve congestion and a dry cough.
Fluids also help to bring a child's temperature down and help prevent dehydration.
Fluids also play a role in diet.
Fluids also play a vital role in keeping all body systems functioning properly.
Fluids are a vital part of pregnancy.
Fluids are administered using a catheter, which is placed directly into the jugular vein.
Fluids are all foods and drinks that are liquid at room temperature.
Fluids are also extremely important and water is the most beneficial, especially during exercise.
Fluids are also very important to remain hydrated.
Fluids are amounts of matter composed of molecules and atoms weakly bonded together.
Fluids are an important agent of metamorphism.
Fluids are any food that is liquid or anything that melts into a liquid.
Fluids are as important as they are in summer.
Fluids are available that have special inhibitors to minimise leaching.
Fluids are clear till mixed with each other.
Fluids are composed of molecules that collide with one another and solid objects.
Fluids are different than solids in that they have a flexible shape.
Fluids are essential in getting rid of all the tobacco residues.
Fluids are essential to performance.
Fluids are essential, meaning eight glasses, including fruit and vegetable juices and water.
Fluids are essential, so wear a fanny pack with a small water bottle .
Fluids are fuel too.
Fluids are given intravenously or subcutaneously to correct the dehydration.
Fluids are given to keep blood pressure normal until the fluid can be drained from around the heart.
Fluids are important to maintain healthy cell function and circulation.
Fluids are important to prevent dehydration.
Fluids are in plastic bags or glass bottles.
Fluids are liquid or gaseous and therefore have no stable shape or structure.
Fluids are lost through sweat created by the body's unique cooling system.
Fluids are materials that can flow and they consist of both gases and liquids.
Fluids are more important than solid food.
Fluids are more important.
Fluids are much easier to consume than solids.
Fluids are much more important than food.
Fluids are one of our most valuable fitness tools.
Fluids are particularly important in the metamorphism of carbonate rocks.
Fluids are particularly important.
Fluids are shapeless.
Fluids are subject to turbulence .
Fluids are substances that flow .
Fluids are the basis of Christian life.
Fluids are thus unable to transform into breast milk.
Fluids are very important during pregnancy.
Fluids are very important, but water is just fine and easy to tolerate and balance is crucial.
Fluids begin building up in the lungs, causing shortness of breath.
Fluids being studied include castor oil, clove oil, eugenol and silicone oil.
Fluids build up in the breast tissue and feels tight.
Fluids build up in the cavities, causing pressure and pain.
Fluids build up in the lower limbs and abdomen when the right side of the heart is weak.
Fluids can be compressible or incompressible.
Fluids can flow steadily, or be turbulent.
Fluids can help climbers acclimatize.
Fluids can include juice, milk, broth, milkshakes, gelatin and other beverages.
Fluids can include water, fruit juices, vegetable juices, milk and soup.
Fluids can loosen up a dry, hard cough and help expel phlegm.
Fluids can lubricate fault surfaces making it easier for an earthquake to occur.
Fluids can move up or down within the phloem, and are translocated from one place to another.
Fluids can simultaneously control and record parameters of deformation.
Fluids carry a great deal of material from one site to another within the earth's crust.
Fluids circulate through a healthy eye.
Fluids commonly escape through chimneys at the top of the structures and from the flange pools.
Fluids Courses A number of courses are offered in fluid dynamics, both graduate and undergraduae.
Fluids differ from solids in that they flow in response to an applied force.
Fluids drain from the legs to the upper body, muscles atrophy and bones weaken.
Fluids Drink at least six eight-ounce glasses of water, milk or juice every day.
Fluids Drink plenty of fluids, especially water.
Fluids Drink plenty of water.
Fluids enter and exit the bloodstream by a very different mechanism than solutes.
Fluids enter the lmyphatic capillaries.
Fluids expand when heated and become less dense.
Fluids flow and exhibit viscous behavior.
Fluids flow in the same direction, but in tubes that are perpendicular to each other.
Fluids flow through rock and soil in pore spaces that are on the order of microns.
Fluids flush out harmful impurities, and help in the production of mucus.
Fluids form structures with high durability and enormous energy e.g. in the shape of tornadoes.
Fluids have a flexible shape and somewhat take the shape of their containers.
Fluids have a number of interesting properties.
Fluids have many functions in the body.
Fluids have minimal internal cohesion.
Fluids have no ability to hold a shape independent of their surroundings.
Fluids have to go IN the body.
Fluids having different densities behave quite independently.
Fluids heal themselves almost as soon as punctured.
Fluids help keep mucus thin and easier to cough up.
Fluids help loosen mucus.
Fluids help loosen secretions and carry the virus out of the body.
Fluids help lubricate the digestive system and are essential to almost all bodily functions.
Fluids help remove uric acid from the body.
Fluids inserted are added to the top.
Fluids keep nasal and throat secretions thin and prevent dehydration.
Fluids keep saliva flowing.
Fluids keep the normal lung mucus from becoming sticky.
Fluids lose energy through dissipation in both types of flow.
Fluids move basically from lower body up into the upper body.
Fluids moving around sharp pipe bends undergo changes in momentum that result in forces on the pipe.
Fluids pass through the body before they can be absorbed in the intestine.
Fluids pass through, while at the same time mud and dust are prevented from rising to the surface.
Fluids play a secondary role of reducing friction between particles until the flow is well underway.
Fluids prevent dehydration.
Fluids preventing clotting are injected into the host,causing the host to yield more blood.
Fluids Push the liquids.
Fluids reach their maximum temperature in the high-temperature reaction zone near the heat source.
Fluids refer to all drinks taken per day.
Fluids rise as they are heated and fall as they cool down.
Fluids run down over the lip and excoriate.
Fluids seep in and leak out and the cells burst and die.
Fluids seep in and leak out, and the cell bursts.
Fluids spill out from the torso.
Fluids spur digestion and help keep stools soft enough to pass comfortably.
Fluids stagnate on every surface they meet.
Fluids stay down better when taken in frequent sips.
Fluids take on vexing new properties at the microscopic level.
Fluids tend to conform to the shape of a container.
Fluids tend to rise.
Fluids tend to wander away from their birthplaces, interacting with rocks elsewhere.
Fluids then pool in the legs.
Fluids therefore shape themselves according to their surroundings, ie.
Fluids transfer to the unwrapped leg, where they accumulate and cause swelling.
Fluids vaporize at low temperatures, separating the tissue planes and facilitating dissection.
Fluids veer right in the northern hemisphere, left in southern hemisphere.
Fluids always have the property of acquiring the shape of the container that holds.
Fluids always help rehydrate.
Fluid often accumulates in the peritoneal space, a condition known as ascites.
All fluids are compressible.
All fluids are infinitely compressible at the critical point.
All fluids listed below are available in the bus box, as well as in the shop, for after hours use.
Any fluid can advect any substance or conserved property.
Any fluids aspirated into the lungs can cause pneumonia and lung lesions.
Any fluids can flow out of the zone and into the well.
Every fluid is checked and changed or topped up.
Many fluids solidify with a drop in pressure.
More fluid is pumped per heartbeat at work or at rest.
More fluid is sucked past check valve B and into the small cylinder.
More fluid then covers and suffocates the insect which is then digested by the plant.
Most fluid has bitter taste.
Most fluid has capacity.
Most fluid has functions.
Most fluid has high resistance.
Most fluid has immune functions.
Most fluid has properties.
Most fluid has resistance.
Most fluid includes water.
Most fluid is secreted by seminal vesicles.
Most fluid is secreted by vesicles.
Most fluid provides energy.
Most fluid provides nourishment.
Most fluids contain a certain amount of suspended solids.
Some fluid becomes urine.
Some fluid builds up in abdomens.
Some fluid builds up in alveoluses.
Some fluid builds up in lungs.
Some fluid contains acid.
Some fluid contains blood.
Some fluid contains rubber.
Some fluid contains seawater.
Some fluid contains urine.
Some fluid contains viruses.
Some fluid flows out of legs.
Some fluid flows out of vaginas.
Some fluid has degrees.
Some fluid has electrical charge.
Some fluid has friction.
Some fluid has low sodium.
Some fluid has milky texture.
Some fluid has pressure.
Some fluid has sodium.
Some fluid has sufficient pressure.
Some fluid has texture.
Some fluid has tubes.
Some fluid has viscosity.
Some fluid helps peristalsis.
Some fluid is better than no fluid.
Some fluid is drawn off into a syringe and examined under a microscope.
Some fluid is excreted by glands.
Some fluid is excreted by kidneys.
Some fluid is excreted by sweat glands.
Some fluid is expelled from abdominal glands.
Some fluid is expelled from glands.
Some fluid is produced by accessory glands.
Some fluid is produced by anal glands.
Some fluid is produced by flowers.
Some fluid is produced by glands.
Some fluid is produced by kidneys.
Some fluid is produced by livers.
Some fluid is produced by nymph.
Some fluid is produced by prostate glands.
Some fluid is produced by salt glands.
Some fluid is produced by sweat glands.
Some fluid is produced by wind.
Some fluid is released by kidneys.
Some fluid is removed and a strong salt solution is injected.
Some fluid is removed to relieve pressure on the baby's brain.
Some fluid is secreted by anal glands.
Some fluid is secreted by digestive stomachs.
Some fluid is secreted by glands.
Some fluid is secreted by joints.
Some fluid is secreted by livers.
Some fluid is secreted by mammals.
Some fluid is secreted by mammary glands.
Some fluid is secreted by stomachs.
Some fluid is secreted by sweat glands.
Some fluid is surrounded by membranes.
Some fluid makes up semen.
Some fluid produces urine.
Some fluid provides nutrients.
Some fluid requires frequent replacements.
Some fluid requires replacements.
Some fluids adversely affect the voice.
Some fluids now being tested can transport oxygen.
Fluidic elements allow incubation times of many hours without refilling.
Fluidity comes from balance and grace, from practice.
Fluidity is a body
Fluidity is affected by cholesterol molecules in the plasma membrane.
Fluidity is an emergent quality, and to simulate it accurately requires and underlaying randomness.
Fluidity is an important characteristic of biological membranes.
Fluidity is at the heart of it.
Fluidity is key in cycling.
Fluidity is quantitatively variable.
Fluidity is the key.
Fluidity means identities become less static.
Fluidized beds suspend solid fuels on upward-blowing jets of air during the combustion process.
Fluidized combustion is inherently efficient.
A fluke is a platyhelminth
Fluke colonizes human with eating of poorly cooked fish.
Fluke isa phenomenon.
Fluke prefer eel grass beds and wharf pilings because of the protection they offer.
Fluke strive to celebrate the counter-culture of which they are both part and parcel.
Flukes are barbs.
Flukes are flatworms.
Flukes are part of anchors.
Flukes are part of cetaceans.
Flukes are projections.
Flukes are tails.
Flukes cause destruction.
Many flukes are parasitic on fishes and invertebrates, and many can infect mammals.
Many flukes have immature stages that live in other animals.
Some flukes affect sheep.
Some flukes cause human diseases.
Some flukes cause pain.
Some flukes cause severe diseases.
Some flukes enter bile ducts.
Some flukes enter ducts.
Some flukes have oral suckers.
Some flukes have sex.
Some flukes have suckers.
Some flukes lose heat.
Some flukes occur in regions.
Some flukes produce irritation.
Some flukes produce mechanical irritation.
Flulike symptoms are likely to occur.
Flulike symptoms worsen until a number begin to die.
A flume is a gorge
Flumes are also available in stainless steel when required.
Flumes are conduits built such as the sides constrict the flow.
Flumes are slightly more complex devices.
Flumes are watercourses.
Flumes can operate accurately over a wide range of flows.
Flumes can operate in a flat ditch and require a pool upstream to reduce the approach velocity.
FluMist delivery is convenient and less painful than needle injection.
Flummoxed readers can find solutions at the book's end.
A flunky is a servant
Flunkies are totaly incapable of independt thought or unspuervised actions.
Fluoboric acid is much more common in plating baths.
Fluoresced light is detected by a silicon photodiode detector.
Fluorescein angiogram reveals blockage of choroidal fluorescence by the vitelliform lesion.
Fluorescein angiography can be very useful in certain degenerative and inflammatory conditions.
A fluorescein is a dyestuff
Fluorescein is a yellow coloring agent that glows when a blue light is shone on it.
Fluorescein is a yellow dye which glows in visible light.
Fluorescein is an inexpensive, nontoxic, highly fluorescent compound.
Fluorescein is clearly the tracer to choose for an experiment in conditions of low light.
Fluorescein is inexpensive, suffers much less from background, but decays rapidly in sunlight.
Fluorescein is instilled into the cornea by drops or iontophoresis.
Fluorescein is the coloring agent used to make the blood vessels visible within the eye.
Fluorescein labeled probes are slightly less sensitive than digoxigenin probes.
Fluoresceins are chemical compounds.
Fluoresceins are dye.
Fluorescence anisotropy provides a tool for measuring local motion.
Fluorescence lidar provides another powerful tool for air pollution studies.
Fluorescence microscopes are normally very expensive.
Fluorescence microscopy is a major asset to clinical and research laboratories.
Fluorescence microscopy is a rapidly expanding and invaluable tool of investigation.
Fluorescence microscopy is a specialized technique, but invaluable when it can be used.
Fluorescence microscopy is research
Fluorescence microscopy is used to examine staining.
Fluorescence polarization assays for the detection of proteases and their inhibitors.
Fluorescence are very suitable for small seedlings or clones.
Fluorescence indicates probes that have entered the cells.
Fluorescence is common with aromatic compounds with several rings joined together.
Fluorescence is light
Fluorescence is light.
Fluorescence is nothing more than a variation on the very same simple theme.
Fluorescence is present in cilia and largely absent from the cell body, axon, and dendrite.
Fluorescence is valuable only when there is a fluorochrome used in the material.
Fluorescence is weak to none.
Fluorescence occurs only while energy is being absorbed by the fluorescing material.
Fluorescence occurs only while the material is being activated by the UV rays.
Fluorescence occurs when samples of some materials are exposed to a. visible radiation.
Fluorescence produces no toxic waste.
Fluorescence remains strong and color-true over extended time.
Most fluorescence is blue, but other colors such as yellow, orange and green can appear.
Most fluorescent ballasts contain a capacitor integral to the ballast housing.
Fluorescent bead adds further attraction on dull days.
Fluorescent bulbs are an excellent diffuse light for machine vision.
Fluorescent bulbs are available in various wattages, sizes and shapes.
Fluorescent bulbs are better sources of light for houseplants.
Fluorescent bulbs are more efficient than incandescent lamps.
Fluorescent bulbs are the coolest.
Fluorescent bulbs are the light of choice in most buildings simply because they are cheap and cool.
Fluorescent bulbs are used for illumination.
Fluorescent bulbs can last several years, but do lose intensity over time.
Fluorescent bulbs consume energy.
Fluorescent bulbs consume less energy.
Fluorescent bulbs contain mercury, which can contaminate ground water when disposed of in landfills.
Fluorescent bulbs generate light.
Fluorescent bulbs generate stronger fields than incandescent lamps.
Fluorescent bulbs generate visible light.
Fluorescent bulbs have a bluish tint and are the most energy efficient.
Fluorescent bulbs make light.
Fluorescent bulbs produce light in the yellow and green part of the light spectrum.
Fluorescent bulbs produce light.
Fluorescent bulbs provide considerably more light than incandescents.
Fluorescent bulbs provide light from the blue spectrum, which helps keep plants short and bushy.
Fluorescent bulbs use less energy and last much long than incandescent bulbs.
Most fluorescent bulbs consume less energy.
Most fluorescent bulbs generate light.
Most fluorescent bulbs generate visible light.
Most fluorescent bulbs make light.
Most fluorescent bulbs produce light.
Some fluorescent bulbs have output.
Some fluorescent bulbs produce heat.
Fluorescent colors are also available.
Fluorescent colors are brighter, and research shows they are much more conspicuous to the human eye.
Fluorescent colors are effective on crankbaits in many conditions.
Fluorescent colors attract quite a bit of attention.
Fluorescent colors glow in the park, beware of graveyards in the dark.
Fluorescent colors make copy paper harder to recycle.
Fluorescent detection is convenient and cost effective.
Fluorescent diamonds are nothing new.
Fluorescent dye is a dyestuff
Fluorescent dye passes out of the capillary mouth and into the cuvette.
Fluorescent dyes are used to label cellular compartments for a similar purpose.
Fluorescent dyes are used to sort living and dead sperm.
All fluorescent dyes are trade secret.
Many fluorescent dyes attach to biological components such as cellular membranes.
Some fluorescent dyes are readily susceptible to photobleaching while other are relatively stable.
A fluorescent fixture is a lighting fixture
Fluorescent fixtures are also non-directional, so they tend to flood the area more evenly.
Fluorescent fixtures produce more light per watt and give off less heat than incandescent bulbs.
Fluorescent image is represented in a pseudo color scale.
Fluorescent ink is mandatory for metered postage on letter-size mail.
Fluorescent labels provide for exceptionally sensitive detection.
A fluorescent lamp is a lamp
Fluorescent lamps are bulky and of relatively low brightness.
Fluorescent lamps are common in the workplace and are often used in the home.
Fluorescent lamps are good for the environment because they are long lasting and energy efficient.
Fluorescent lamps are great for shelf gardening.
Fluorescent lamps are hazardous because they contain mercury.
Fluorescent lamps are lamps.
Fluorescent lamps are low UV emitting - red meats are enhanced in faithful color.
Fluorescent lamps are low-pressue mercury discharge lamps that require ballast to start the lamp.
Fluorescent lamps are much more efficient than incandescent bulbs and last six to ten times longer.
Fluorescent lamps are much more efficient than incandescent lamps in using energy to create light.
Fluorescent lamps are roughly three times more intense than ordinary light bulbs.
Fluorescent lamps are roughly three times more intense than ordinary lightbulbs.
Fluorescent lamps are the main source of such noise.
Fluorescent lamps are the most commonly used light source in public facilities.
Fluorescent lamps become more efficient when supplied with high frequency power.
Fluorescent lamps can be more efficient using a high-frequency power supply.
Fluorescent lamps contain mercury, a toxic chemical that can be an environmental and health hazard.
Fluorescent lamps contain mercury.
Fluorescent lamps contain small quantities of mercury, cadmium and antimony.
Fluorescent lamps contain the toxic heavy metal mercury.
Fluorescent lamps do use gases though.
Fluorescent lamps don t require high temperatures to produce light, like incandescent bulbs do.
Fluorescent lamps emit light in all directions from the tube, including up into the fixture.
Fluorescent lamps find widespread use in homes, industry and commercial settings.
Fluorescent lamps give off very little heat.
Fluorescent lamps give the best results.
Fluorescent lamps help seedlings and low-light plants start earlier and grow stronger.
Fluorescent lamps produce about four times as much light per watt as incandescent bulbs.
Fluorescent lamps produce much less heat than incandescent lamps and are more energy efficient.
Fluorescent lamps project a more diffuse light, but do it without wasting energy on heat.
Fluorescent lamps provide a highly diffuse, cool, white source of light.
Fluorescent lamps provide lighting for most schools, office buildings, and stores.
Fluorescent lamps provide uniform, even light that is beautiful for cosmetics and accessories.
Fluorescent lamps reduce energy consumption that saves users money.
Fluorescent lamps reduce energy consumption, saving users money.
Fluorescent lamps use ballasts to start the lamp and regulate the current flow to the lamp.
All fluorescent lamps contain mercury.
Fluorescent light can distort the true color of the foundation.
Fluorescent light feeds it.
Fluorescent light gives a more greenish tone.
Fluorescent light is available for everyday use.
Fluorescent light is from a linear source which means it is spread out.
Fluorescent light is generated as a result of electrical current traveling through a charged gas.
Fluorescent light is harsher than incandescent.
Fluorescent light is more energy efficient than incandescent light, and the bulbs last longer.
Fluorescent light is nearer to natural light than incandescent lights.
Fluorescent light is the light of poor people.
Fluorescent light is the most harmful to beer.
Fluorescent light is very unsuitable for colour matching.
Fluorescent light makes the image flat, and only gives the eye a few distinct colors to work with.
Fluorescent lights are a boon to the orchid grower.
Fluorescent lights are a particular problem for professional installers.
Fluorescent lights are available in a range of colors.
Fluorescent lights are better because it is cooler and consumes less electricity.
Fluorescent lights are cold compared to really hot stars.
Fluorescent lights are cooler and use less energy.
Fluorescent lights are four to five times more efficient than incandescent bulbs.
Fluorescent lights are good to use for a number of reasons.
Fluorescent lights are high energy lights and can be very damaging to material.
Fluorescent lights are ideal because they don t produce as much heat, which dries out seedlings.
Fluorescent lights are more economical than incandescent bulbs.
Fluorescent lights are never a good way to look at fine artwork find a better light source.
Fluorescent lights are never a problem.
Fluorescent lights are now available in bulbs.
Fluorescent lights are often the culprits, imparting a greenish hue to the scene.
Fluorescent lights are perhaps the best suited light source for cuttings.
Fluorescent lights are quite different from incandescent lights.
Fluorescent lights are sort of greenish.
Fluorescent lights are the most available, efficient and affordable lights to supplement plants.
Fluorescent lights are the worst, giving out large amounts of color-sapping ultraviolet light.
Fluorescent lights are three to four times more energy-efficient.
Fluorescent lights buzz overhead.
Fluorescent lights can also induce an annoying buzz in audio.
Fluorescent lights can severely fade dolls and their features.
Fluorescent lights can severely fade many antiques and their features.
Fluorescent lights conserve energy.
Fluorescent lights consume less energy than incandescent bulbs to give the same amount of light.
Fluorescent lights contain very small quantities of mercury.
Fluorescent lights create a green bias and tungsten light bulbs create an orange bias.
Fluorescent lights die because their electrodes burn out, even though gas and phosphors remain.
Fluorescent lights dim in favor of lamps and natural light.
Fluorescent lights disperse light evenly without shadows over a wide area.
Fluorescent lights enter the workplace.
Fluorescent lights have their own wacky set of circumstances.
Fluorescent lights perform best when positioned very close to plants.
Fluorescent lights pro- vide adequate lighting for office use.
Fluorescent lights provide strong, cool, inexpensive light to plants.
Fluorescent lights require a special, much larger and more expensive dimmer.
Fluorescent lights save energy and last longer but cast a greenish glow.
Fluorescent lights tend to be used more hours per day than incandescent lights.
Fluorescent lights tend to be very white and harsh on the eyes.
Fluorescent lights tend to bring out the blue more, as do overcast skies.
Fluorescent lights use less electricity and provide more light.
Fluorescent lights use much less electricity then incandescent lights.
Fluorescent lights vary according to the amount of phosphorus used by the manufacturer.
Fluorescent lights vary according to the phosphorus used by the manufacturer.
Fluorescent lights work best.
Fluorescent lights work better than incandescent bulbs.
Most fluorescent lights are very green.
Most fluorescent lights contain mercury.
Some fluorescent lights generate Infrared light in addition to visible light.
Fluorescent lighting comes in a variety of soft colors.
Fluorescent lighting depends on the electrical excitation of mercury vapor.
Fluorescent lighting disperses a blue-white light evenly and without shadows over a wide area.
Fluorescent lighting has a high start up cost, but minimum running costs.
Fluorescent lighting immersed in the ponds mythicalizes the night scene.
Fluorescent lighting is about four times as efficient as incandescent lighting.
Fluorescent lighting is also highly undesirable from an aesthetic standpoint.
Fluorescent lighting is beneficial too.
Fluorescent lighting is cost effective, uniform lighting results in maximum flexibility.
Fluorescent lighting is great for indoor photo taking.
Fluorescent lighting is hidden within each niche, so the entire wall is self-lighted.
Fluorescent lighting is ideal.
Fluorescent lighting is more economical and energy efficient.
Fluorescent lighting is more economical and produces less heat and glare.
Fluorescent lighting is more economical than incandescent lighting.
Fluorescent lighting is one of the more common sources of electrostatic noise.
Fluorescent lighting is preferred over that of incandescent.
Fluorescent lighting is preferred to incandescent lighting.
Fluorescent lighting is provided as an integral part of the upper storage modules.
Fluorescent lighting is recommended.
Fluorescent lighting is softer than regular lighting.
Fluorescent lighting is still an environmentally responsible choice.
Fluorescent lighting is suitable for most applications and is inexpensive to buy and operate.
Fluorescent lighting is the best light source.
Fluorescent lighting is unhealthy.
Fluorescent lighting is used mostly for interior lighting, but more and more for outdoor lighting.
Fluorescent lighting is very annoying to most netherworldly creatures.
Fluorescent lighting washes out a screen image.
Fluorescent materials are most effective to daylight conditions.
Fluorescent materials contain substances.
Fluorescent materials contain toxic substances.
Fluorescent materials show up in daylight and at dusk.
Most fluorescent materials contain substances.
Most fluorescent materials contain toxic substances.
Fluorescent microscopy confirms that lucigenin is concentrated by mitochondria.
Fluorescent molecules absorb light at one wavelength and emit light at another, longer wavelength.
Fluorescent molecules relax shortly after excitation and emit light.
Fluorescent orange is required for all hunters and any persons who accompany a hunter.
Fluorescent probes help find toxic algal species.
Fluorescent proteins find in tissue.
Fluorescent proteins visualize the cell cycle progression.
Most fluorescent proteins find in tissue.
Fluorescent tones are also very safe because they are highly visible from a distance.
Fluorescent tubes are more efficient than traditional incandescent bulbs.
Fluorescent tubes are rich in ultraviolet light which is very destructive to color.
Fluorescent tubes are the most economical and convenient in limited areas.
Fluorescent tubes are the way to go.
Fluorescent tubes can cause noticeable flicker.
Fluorescent tubes can give a white light, which some people prefer to other colours of light.
Fluorescent tubes come close to duplicating the color spectrum of sunlight.
Fluorescent tubes have no filament to glow.
Fluorescent tubes listed as white or daylight are less desirable for indoor plant growth.
Fluorescent tubes lose intensity with age.
Fluorescent tubes make white light in two stages.
Fluorescent tubes produce a more natural light and much less heat.
Fluorescent tubes provide one of the best artificial light sources available for plants in the home.
Fluorescent tubes provide the best artificial light sources available for plants in the home.
Fluorescent tubes provide the light source, which comes from behind the crystal layer.
Fluorescent tubes vary in red-blue output.
Most fluorescent tubes contain mercury and are regulated as a federal universal waste.
Some fluorescent tubes produce energy.
Some fluorescent tubes produce less energy.
Some fluorescent tubes use electricity.
Some fluorescent tubes use static electricity.
Fluorescent wattage includes both lamp and ballast wattage.
A fluorescent is a lighting fixture
Fluorescent is superior to tungsten.
Fluorescent refers as to whether a mineral glows under ultraviolet light.
Fluorescents are a good retrofit for incandescent lamps that operate a significant number of hours.
Fluorescents are another category of specialty inks that necessitate careful planning.
Fluorescents are definitely out.
Fluorescents are much more efficient than incandescent lamps.
Fluorescents are shocking shades in normal light and have super radiance in blacklight.
Fluorescents are the cheapest and most readily available.
Fluorescents can do much to enhance or detract from a diamond's overall appearance.
Fluorescents go from a single control ballast to other dimmable ballasts in an area.
Fluorescents have other advantages in high-bay applications as well.
Fluorescents produce more light with less electricity and last longer too.
Fluorescents work well in closets and laundry rooms.
Some fluorescents are heavier than traditional bulbs because they require a ballast.
Fluoridated compounds are also extremely effective in killing bugs.
Fluoridated sealants are one of the many treatments used for more advanced sensitivity conditions.
Fluoridated water allows exchange in the teeth of fluoride ions for hydroxyl groups in apatite.
Fluoridated water helps provide whiter, brighter, cleaner, and healthier teeth.
Fluoridated water increases the cellular uptake of toxic heavy metals.
Fluoridated water is an effective way to reduce the problem of dental decay.
Fluoridated water is so convenient.
Fluoridated water is the only consumer drug that is unregulated.
Fluoridated water is very effective in reducing tooth decay.
Fluoridation of water dictates that it is in food and processed beverages.
A fluoridation is addition
Fluoridation cuts treatment costs and saves money.
Fluoridation gives a big bang for the public health buck.
Fluoridation increases cavity-fighting protection for our citizens.
Fluoridation increases the incidence of dental fluorosis.
Fluoridation is effective in reducing cavities.
Fluoridation saves billions of dollars for industries with fluoride pollution problems.
Fluoridations are addition.
All fluoride activity is local .
All fluoride activity is local, mainly at the bone.
Fluoride ions are acutely and chronically toxic.
Fluoride ions are both acutely and chronically toxic.
Fluoride ions are in fluorine compounds.
Fluoride ions are somewhat toxic.
Fluoride ions can be in toothpaste.
Fluoride ions migrate through and destroy tissue until eventually sequestered in the bones.
Fluoride ions migrate through the body destroying tissue until lodging in the bones.
Fluoride ions penetrate and form insoluble salts with calcium and magnesium.
Fluoride rinses are most effective if used at bedtime.
Fluoride supplements are the alternative.
Fluoride supplements can increase bone density.
Fluoride supplements can lead to overuse, causing white lines and spots on teeth.
Fluoride supplements require long-term compliance on a daily basis.
Fluoride toxicity is characterized by a variety of signs and symptoms.
Fluoride toxicity is when large amounts of fluoride are ingested during a short period of time.
Fluoride treatments are a covered benefit for children.
Fluoride accumulates throughout the body, overan individual's lifetime.
Fluoride analyses in the Northwest Atlantic Ocean.
Fluoride collects in the aorta, skin, skeleton, and cataracts.
Fluoride depresses thyroid activity.
Fluoride depresses thyroid function.
Fluoride destroys muscle structure, muscle function and depletes muscle energy.
Fluoride is a halide
Fluoride is chemical compounds.
Fluoride is elements.
Fluoride is located in dentists.
Fluoride stimulates cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator cl- channel activity.
Fluoride strengthens enamel and helps prevent tooth decay.
Fluoride strengthens tooth enamel and decreases mouth bacteria.
Fluoride strengthens tooth enamel and supporting bone and helps repair minor decay damage.
Fluoride works best on the smooth surfaces of teeth.
Fluorides accumulate in the brain over time to reach neurologically harmful levels.
Fluorides accumulate in the soil.
Fluorides are compounds that combine fluoride with some positively charged counterpart.
Fluorides are present in some electrodes and in flux.
Fluorides are released into the air in wind-blown soil.
Fluorides are violent poisons to all living tissue because of their precipitation of calcium.
Fluorides cause premature aging of the human body.
Fluorides diminish the intelligence capability of the human brain.
Fluorides dissolve easily and can be absorbed easily from the stomach and intestines.
Fluorides do occur naturally in water.
Fluorides have a disruptive effect on various tissues in the body.
Fluorides have little or no effect on decay prevention in humans.
Some fluoride is deposited in the teeth while they are calcifying.
Fluorinated activities continue to evolve favorably.
Fluorinated materials have low values of critical surface energy.
Fluorinated methanes can go into one another via several isodesmic reactions.
Fluorinated mica has the unique property of binding itself under heat and pressure.
Fluorine compounds have excellent properties typified by high durability.
Fluorine compounds have many uses.
Fluorine gas is extremely corrosive and toxic.
Fluorine gas is released in the industries.
Fluorine groups stabilize intermediate nitrene.
Fluorine adds to the strength and rigidity given to bones by calcium.
Fluorine also plays a role in the composition of glass for optical fibers.
Fluorine being a cumulative bone-seeking mineral, the resultant skeletal changes are progressive.
Fluorine can be a deadly to animals after an eruption.
Fluorine combines with phosphorus quite readily.
Fluorine entering the body rapidly moves to the hard tissues.
Fluorine forms diatomic molecules that are gaseous at room temperature.
Fluorine has (part) atoms.
Fluorine increases the bioavailability of calcium and helps to buffer acids present in the mouth.
Fluorine is a colorless gas in it's elemental state .
Fluorine is a corrosive pale yellow gas.
Fluorine is a gas
Fluorine is a gaseous element which in the form of fluorides is fairly widely distributed in nature.
Fluorine is a halogen .
Fluorine is a halogen element.
Fluorine is a halogen
Fluorine is a highly reactive element which likes to bond with other elements.
Fluorine is a highly reactive gaseous substance.
Fluorine is a highly reactive pale yellow gas, and found in igneous and sedimentary rock.
Fluorine is a light yellow diatomic gas.
Fluorine is a member of group VIIa of the periodic table .
Fluorine is a pale yellow gas that reacts with practically all organic compounds.
Fluorine is a pale yellow, diatomic, highly corrosive, flammable gas, with a pungent odor.
Fluorine is a pale, yellow-green gas that has a strong, sharp odor.
Fluorine is a very reactive, poisonous gas.
Fluorine is a yellowish, poisonous, highly corrosive gas.
Fluorine is about one and one-third times, as heavy as air.
Fluorine is also a common substitute for the hydroxyl in the brucite-like sheets.
Fluorine is also poisonous.
Fluorine is an element with highly toxic and can eat away at any substance.
Fluorine is an element
Fluorine is an enzyme poison.
Fluorine is an essential element in the chemical ion of fluoride.
Fluorine is an extremely reactive pale yellow gas .
Fluorine is available commercially in cylinders but is very difficult to handle.
Fluorine is chemical elements.
Fluorine is considered the most active of all of the elements.
Fluorine is derived from the early use of fluospar as a flux, thus the Latin fluor , to flow.
Fluorine is essential for healthy dental and bone formation.
Fluorine is essential for the maintenance of solidity of our bones.
Fluorine is extremely corrosive to the skin, causing damage similar to second-degree thermal burns.
Fluorine is flammable gas, with a nasty smell.
Fluorine is found in tap water and toothpaste, which have benifical effects on the teeth.
Fluorine is gases.
Fluorine is halogens.
Fluorine is high, As are others nearby.
Fluorine is highly toxic and corrosive.
Fluorine is known to have thirteen isotopes.
Fluorine is one of the most reactive elements.
Fluorine is so electronegative that it makes a very poor leaving group.
Fluorine is so reactive it is produced by electrolysis.
Fluorine is the most active element, so it combines with almost anything.
Fluorine is the most active halogen.
Fluorine is the most active of all the elements.
Fluorine is the most electronegative and reactive of all elements.
Fluorine is the most electronegative atom.
Fluorine is the most electronegative element .
Fluorine is the most electronegative element.
Fluorine is the most electronegative of all elements.
Fluorine is the most negatively charged and most chemically active of all elements on earth.
Fluorine is the most powerful oxidizer known.
Fluorine is the most powerfully oxidizing element.
Fluorine is the most reactive and the most electronegative of all the elements.
Fluorine is the most reactive and the most electronegative.
Fluorine is the most reactive element.
Fluorine is the most reactive of all the elements .
Fluorine is the most reactive of the halogens and extremely dangerous to handle.
Fluorine is the most reactive, while iodine is the least reactive.
Fluorine is the smallest, lightest, and most reactive member of the halogen group.
Fluorine is too reactive.
Fluorine is used by the body in dental and bone formations.
Fluorine is used in rocket fuels, glass, enamel, and bricks.
Fluorine is used in the production of uranium.
Fluorine is used in tooth paste.
Fluorine is used to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons.
Fluorine is used to produce many chemicals , including several high-temperature plastics.
Fluorine is very difficult to isolate.
Fluorine is very electronegative and bonds very tightly to the carbon.
Fluorine is very poisonous.
Fluorine isa element.
Fluorine isa fluid.
Fluorine isa halogen.
Fluorine isolate from everything.
Fluorine joins with carbon to form a class of compounds known as fluorocarbons.
Fluorine liberates energy when it condenses.
Fluorine makes the compound more stable in an acid environment.
Fluorine occurs naturally in the earth's crust where it can be found in rocks, coal and clay.
Fluorine only forms hypofluorous acid.
Fluorine pollutes agricultural land.
Fluorine reacts explosively with hydrogen in a manner similar to that of alkali metals.
Fluorine reacts vigorously with water liberating oxygen as ozone and forming hydrogen fluoride.
Fluorine reacts violently and decomposes to hydrofluoric acid on contact with moisture.
Fluorine reacts with many materials normally recommended for handling compressed gases.
Fluorine reacts with most inorganic and organic compounds.
Fluorite deposits are found in many locations around the world.
Fluorite elements are very sensitve to condensation.
Fluorite minerals display a great variety of spectacular colors and shapes.
A fluorite is a mineral
Fluorite isa mineral.
Fluorites have characteristics.
Fluorites have optical characteristics.
Fluorites use goes back thousands of years.
Most fluorites have characteristics.
Most fluorites have optical characteristics.
Some fluorite is colored violet in contact with arsenides.
Some fluorite is violet at the contacts with nickel arsenides.
Fluoro pages remade and updated.
Fluoroacetic acid is highly toxic to animal life.
Fluoroantimonic acid is so strong that it protonates otherwise inert compounds like hydrocarbons.
Fluorocarbon anesthetics reduce the hazard of flammability with diethyl ether and cyclopropane .
Fluorocarbon leaders are tough and have low visibility but are extremely expensive.
Fluorocarbon line is virtually invisible to fish.
Fluorocarbon liquids have medical applications as oxygen carriers.
Fluorocarbon wax is great for warmer, wetter snow.
Fluorocarbon is a halocarbon
Fluorocarbon is halocarbons.
Fluorocarbon is more expensive, but it is also invisible.
Fluorocarbons also offer low compression set and excellent aging characteristics.
Fluorocarbons are example.
Fluorocarbons are more nearly inert to chemicals and solvents than all other polymers.
Fluorocarbons have much smaller cohesive energy density than hydrocarbons, but are more hydrophobic.
Fluorocarbons offer unique properties for cleaning and carrier fluid applications.
A fluorochrome is a dyestuff
Fluorochromes differ in how much intensity they are capable of producing.
Many fluorochromes are stable for a long time.
Fluorophosphate esters are among the most potent neurotoxins known.
A fluoroscope is apparatus
Fluoroscopes use X-rays to allow physicians to observe internal parts of the body.
Most fluoroscopes also have spot film capability.
Fluoroscopic exam confirms correct location of the needle.
Fluoroscopic guidance is invaluable when using translaminar or transforaminal approaches.
A fluoroscopy is radiology
Fluoroscopy allows identification of any disease in the coronary arteries.
Fluoroscopy also is used to assist in guiding catheter placement.
Fluoroscopy can help patients regain lost functions.
Fluoroscopy can improve the safety of other procedures.
Fluoroscopy can show obstructive emphysema, decreased diaphragmatic movements and mediastinal shift.
Fluoroscopy delivers larger doses of x-ray than that used in standard films.
Fluoroscopy has two magnification modes and image capture.
Fluoroscopy involves using x-rays to examine tissues and guide the biopsy.
Fluoroscopy involves using x-rays to examine tissues deep within the body and guide the biopsy.
Fluoroscopy is a video x-ray that images the esophagus, stomach, and intestines at work.
Fluoroscopy is also useful in studying the esophagus.
Fluoroscopy is done in an office or the radiology section of a hospital.
Fluoroscopy is invaluable to identify interspace location and helps confirm depth.
Fluoroscopy is mandatory during injection to prevent over distention of the duct systems.
Fluoroscopy is necessary to confirm visceral position in women with pelvic organ prolapse.
Fluoroscopy is required for the very important and accurate placement of the catheters.
Fluoroscopy is used to guide the needle and prevent complications from the needle.
Fluoroscopy is used to visualize boundaries of the stomach.
Fluoroscopy lights up extremely well for viewing radioactive seeds.
Fluoroscopy makes a moving X-ray picture of internal organs.
Fluoroscopy produces a moving x-ray image of internal organs.
Fluoroscopy provides additional confirmation of catheter position.
Fluoroscopy provides guidance for the catheter to pass through the artery to the heart.
Fluoroscopy reveals less detail than a standard still x-ray.
Fluoroscopy shows whether it moves properly.
Fluoroscopy uses continuous x-rays to create a moving image.
Fluoroscopy uses either continuous or pulsed X-ray beam.
Fluoroscopy uses x-rays to show movement.
Fluoroscopy views better than ultrasound.
A fluorosis is pathology
Fluorosis can lead to spinal canal stenosis.
Fluorosis is a cosmetic defect that occurs when more than an optimal amount of fluoride is ingested.
Fluorosis is a non-curable disease and fluoride a deadly chemical.
Fluorosis is a preventable crippling disease.
Fluorosis is an excessive level of fluoride in the body.
Fluorosis is an ireversible process causing early aging and death.
Fluorosis is characterized by white or brown stains on teeth.
Fluorosis is most evident in permanent teeth that develop during high fluorine intake.
Fluorosis occurs due to ingestion of fluoride in abnormal quantities.
Fluorosis only occurs when more than the optimal daily amount of fluoride is ingested.
Fluorosises are pathology.
Fluorotic teeth have to be repaired prior to filling placement and orthodontics.
Fluorous reactions are highly suited for combinatorial chemistry and parallel synthesis.
Fluorpolymer resins provide a state of the art finish.
A fluorspar is a mineral
Fluorspar continues to be extracted on a commercial basis.
Fluorspar fluoresces brightly.
Fluorspar is a mineral composed of calcium and fluorine.
Fluorspar is a source of hydrofluoric acid used in many industrial applications.
Fluorspar is mined nowhere else in the United States.
Fluoxetine treatment decreases territorial aggression in a coral reef fish.
A fluoxetine is an antidepressant drug
Fluoxetine alters the effects of cocaine on vigilance taskperformance of rats.
Fluoxetine alters the effects of intravenous cocaine in humans.
Fluoxetine attenuates alcohol intake and desire to drink.
Fluoxetine improves emotional incontinence.
Fluoxetine is available as capsules for oral administration.
Fluoxetine is available as capsules or liquid on prescription only.
Fluoxetines are drugs.
Flurometric assays have excellent sensitivity and lower false negative rates.
A flurry is a disturbance
Flurries are a light snow which falls for a short time.
Flurries have (part) diamond dust.
Flurries have (part) flakes.
Flurries have (part) frost mist.
Flurries have (part) frost snow.
Flurries have (part) ice crystal.
Flurries have (part) ice needles.
Flurries have (part) snow mist.
Flurries have (part) snowflakes.
Flurries indicate snow.
Flurry isa snow.
Flurry isa snowfall.
Most flurries indicate snow.
Flush construction minimize media spill when the door is open.
Flush cutting is a no-no.
Flush doors are flat and smooth on both faces, as their name suggests.
Flush doors are practical, but pretty ugly.
Flush floor drains on a regular basis and repair plumbing leaks and seepage.
Flush ground edges.
Flush items clear the figure column.
Flush leaves have a characteristic red color, as seen in the photo.
Flush messages are useful is certain distributed system applications.
Flush mount gripping system requires only that the protrusion of the stud be equal in diameter.
Flush procedure is complete.
Flush sump pumps weekly.
A flush toilet is a pot
Flush toilets are a problem.
Flush toilets are also available here.
Flush toilets are available in the campground.
Flush toilets are available in the west unit of the park.
Flush toilets are available year-round at the park office and interpretive center.
Flush toilets are available year-round at the park office.
Flush toilets are available year-round at the visitor center and the trail center.
Flush toilets are available year-round in the visitor center.
Flush toilets are available.
Flush toilets are much more convenient.
Flush toilets are nearby.
Flush toilets are open for the season.
Flush toilets are the largest inside user of water.
Flush toilets are toilets.
Flush toilets are within walking distance.
Flush toilets serve both the primitive area and the covered picnic shelters nearby.
Flush trim is available, or a border, with a clear area outside the paper edge.
Flush units are also available.
Flush valve allows high flow of oxygen to flush system.
Flush water is recovered and reused.
A flush is good health
Flush isa motion.
Flushes are a very individual experience.
Flushes can happen at any time during the day or night.
Flushes catheter and suction tubing until clear.
Flushes goldfish down the toilet for fun.
Flushes toxins from the liver.
Flushs are flow.
Flushs are poker hands.
Flushs cause runs.
Every flush uses five to seven gallons of water.
Every flush uses three and one half to seven gallons of water.
Some flushes relate to therapy.
Flushable liners can also add convenience on outings.
Flute choir is open to any flute player by audition.
Flute music is a reminder to Native American people, of who they are and where they come from.
Flute music is said to be a very relaxing form of relaxation.
Flute music plays softly and sweetly.
A flute is wood
Flute crusts to seal.
Flute edges and cut several slits near center.
Flute edges and cut slits in top crust.
Flute edges and cut vents in the top crust.
Flute edges and make a few slits in the top.
Flute edges and make top slits.
Flute edges and refrigerate until dough chills.
Flute edges and vent top to allow steam to escape.
Flute edges as desired.
Flute edges by pinching two halves together tightly.
Flute edges high.
Flute edges if desired.
Flute edges with fingertips, if desired.
Flute isa woodwind.
Flute presents main melody which varied and expanded form.
Flute presents main melody, varied and expanded.
Flute resides in the Boston area.
Flute stands, and recorded music.
Flutes also come in different sizes .
Flutes also vary greatly in back pressure,' or the resistance to the air moving through the flute.
Flutes are able to play music that was too technically demanding for pre-Boehm instruments.
Flutes are also better for playing music which needs many chromatic notes.
Flutes are among the most ancient of instruments and are found at many prehistoric sites.
Flutes are available at a very low cost to students.
Flutes are decorative vertical grooves placed in a wood surface such as a baluster or newel.
Flutes are either silver plated, or nickel-plated.
Flutes are fascinating instruments.
Flutes are good for playing music which has a large range of notes.
Flutes are grooves.
Flutes are instruments.
Flutes are located in bands.
Flutes are located in cabinets.
Flutes are located in orchestras.
Flutes are located in stores.
Flutes are located in symphonies.
Flutes are popular instruments.
Flutes are solids.
Flutes are used for music.
Flutes are wind instruments.
Flutes are wineglasses.
Flutes are woodwind instruments.
Flutes are woodwinds.
Flutes begin with a flowing melodic passage soon joined by the clarinets.
Flutes blend perfectly with sounds of wind, water and wildlife.
Flutes can give microtonal music by using special fingering.
Flutes come with white satin bows.
Flutes consist of slightly higher, more stony stripes a few m in width.
Flutes float in an atmosphere of cymbals bound by the gravity of drums.
Flutes have (part) finger holes.
Flutes have (part) sections.
Flutes have a clear sound, much like the flute in an orchestra and few overtones.
Flutes play a simple Asian melody as Vietnamese commoners mill about the stage.
Flutes produce generally higher frequencies, and thus shorter wavelengths , than French horns.
Flutes range from to the length of the blade.
Flutes vary in size from eight inches to two and one-half feet.
All flutes are of two different types.
All flutes behave differentely.
All flutes come with a cloth carrying case and an instruction sheet.
All flutes come with a cloth case.
Every flute includes a free instruction book and audio tape set - including fingering charts.
Every flute includes book and audio tape set.
Most flutes are capable of achieving more than one octave by over blowing.
Most flutes are made of silver.
Some flutes are made of bamboo.
Some flutes even offer a convertable C to B foot to have the best of both worlds.
Some flutes have a sliding metal reed which are extremely hard for the amateur to adjust properly.
Some flutes respond to very little air volume or air speed, while others require a great deal.
Fluted cap resembles a fan.
Fluted columns grace the front facia of the building.
Fluted coulters provide more loose soil for better seed coverage.
Fluted coulters slice the sod ahead of each plow leg.
Fluted edges keep the discs fused together and the sauce and cheese from leaking into the toaster.
Fluted jacket ensures optimum expansion upon impact.
Fluted lines create a visual interplay against raised beading.
Fluted molding gives a little something extra to each home.
Fluted pole stand.
Fluticasone attacks asthma symptoms by reducing inflammation in the airways.
Fluting is added on all four sides, while a panel appears on the front and back sides only.
Fluting is especially likely when the motor runs at a constant speed.
Fluting provides fullness to the body of the gown and the sleeves.
A flutist is a musician
Flutists are musicians.
Flutists have widely varied and inconsistent musical needs.
Most flutists are saxophonists who play it as a second instrument, known as doublers.
Some flutists recommend bananas.
Flutter kick is kicking
Flutter kick is used during the stroke.
Flutter kicks are a four-count exercise.
Flutter studies determine theoretically the speeds at which aircraft can fly to avoid flutter.
Flutter suppression is a particularly important problem.
Flutter wings create sound.
Most flutter wings create sound.
Flutter is movement
Flutters are Atrial in origin.
Fluttering strings return.
A fluvastatin is statin
Fluvastatin is currently the least expensive statin.
Fluvastatin is used to lower elevated cholesterol and to slow or prevent hardening of the arteries .
Fluvastatin is used to lower high levels of cholesterol found in the blood.
Fluvastatins are drugs.
Fluvastatins are statin.
Fluvial channels show a large variability from single straight to large outflow channels.
Fluvial deposits are sediments deposited by the flowing water of a stream.
Fluvial deposits tend to be less calcareous and often exhibit fining-upward sequences.
Fluvial erosion is common making mushroom rocks and shifting dunes.
Fluvial erosion is due to streams and rivers.
Fluvial erosion is seen on the Red Planet again for perhaps the first time in a billion years.
Fluvial geomorphology is the science of how moving water shapes the land.
Fluvial geomorphology is the study of landforms and processes associated with rivers.
Fluvial input occurs in areas of groundwater flow, where rivers and streams feed the bay.
Fluvial landscape is the landscape formed by rivers.
Fluvial processes are numerous.
Fluvial sediment is the term used to describe the case where water is the key agent for erosion.
Fluvial terraces are remnants of the former floodplain of a stream or river.
Fluvial transport reworks the sediment.
Fluvial transport varies over the hydrological year.
Some flux combinations cause virtually no change.
Flux density is concentration.
Flux density is density
Flux density is the flux per unit frequency interval.
Flux density is the physical unit used for point sources.
Flux density is the ratio of flux to the area through which the flux passes.
Flux lines repel each other if their direction of flow is the same.
Flux lines show the direction of movement towards the electrode.
Most flux materials contain significant quantities of various alcohols.
All flux numbers are in watts per square meter.
Flux tubes have radii.
Most flux tubes have radii.
A flux unit is magnetic flux
Flux units are arbitrary.
Flux counts with the blue fiber cable.
Flux is a rate
Flux is chemicals.
Flux is flow.
Flux is pathology.
Flux is rates.
Flux is states.
Flux isa rate.
Fluxes are also available in powder form.
Fluxes are available in various ratios and with special additive packages to satisfy customer needs.
Fluxes are large due to internal cycling.
Fluxes is now available.
Fluxes Let be an oriented patch of area, .
Fluxes reduce the firing temperature of the body.
All fluxes are acids which allows the metals to bind.
All fluxes can be positive or negative, except for the x-directed momentum flux.
More fluxes takes a long time.
Most flux breaks down quickly and begins to hinder more than it helps.
Most fluxes contain zinc chloride that is harmful to the skin and eyes, and toxic if ingested.
Some fluxes are oxide-saturated and take more than rinsing to remove.
A fluxion is flow
Fluxion is dead.
Fluxions is a computer-generated tape piece.
Fluxions is a sectional piece.
Fluxions now looks something like the rest of the web site, got rid of annoying javascript errors.
FLWFed opinions are in slip opinion format.
A fly ball is a hit
Most fly balls are caught, most infield grounders are outs.
Some fly balls have energy.
Fly bats have eyes.
Fly birds belong to families.
Fly birds have chest muscles.
Fly birds have large breast muscles.
Fly birds have large muscles.
Fly birds have muscles.
Fly birds have sterna.
Some fly birds give notes.
Some fly fishermen get ideas.
Some fly fishermen prefer to use nymphs.
Some fly fishermen use patterns.
Fly fox bats have eyes.
Fly foxes disperse seeds.
Fly foxes reach maturity.
Some fly foxes eat seeds.
Some fly foxes eat trees.
Some fly foxes have lists.
Some fly foxes reside in homes.
Fly insects have wings.
Fly larvae have heads.
Fly larvae have small point heads.
Fly lemurs eat diets.
Fly lemurs have heads.
Fly lemurs have legs.
Some fly lemurs have patches.
Many fly lines have a tapered section and then a long, thin tip.
Fly mammals eat types.
Fly mammals live in habitats.
Most fly mammals live in habitats.
Some fly mammals have wings.
Some fly patterns imitate clusters of midges instead of individuals.
Fly predators have legs.
Fly predators have powerful legs.
A fly rod is a fishing rod
All fly rods come with a color matching cordura case.
Fly squirrels eat insects.
Fly squirrels eat nuts.
Fly squirrels eat pecans.
Fly squirrels eat truffles.
Fly squirrels have belly fur.
Fly squirrels have fur.
Fly squirrels have glide membranes.
Fly squirrels have membranes.
Fly squirrels have skin.
Fly squirrels have stretchy skin.
Fly squirrels have whiskers.
Fly squirrels live in deciduous woodlands.
Fly squirrels live in woodlands.
Fly squirrels make homes.
Fly squirrels move from trees.
Fly squirrels use broad tails.
Fly squirrels use tails.
Most fly squirrels eat insects.
Most fly squirrels eat nuts.
Most fly squirrels eat pecans.
Most fly squirrels eat truffles.
Most fly squirrels have belly fur.
Most fly squirrels have fur.
Most fly squirrels have glide membranes.
Most fly squirrels have membranes.
Most fly squirrels have skin.
Most fly squirrels have stretchy skin.
Most fly squirrels have whiskers.
Most fly squirrels live in deciduous woodlands.
Most fly squirrels live in woodlands.
Most fly squirrels make homes.
Most fly squirrels move from trees.
Most fly squirrels use broad tails.
Most fly squirrels use tails.
Some fly squirrels become food.
Some fly squirrels live up to years.
Some fly squirrels rely on truffles.
Some fly squirrels use cavities.
Some fly squirrels use hollow cavities.
Some fly squirrels use hollow tree cavities.
Some fly squirrels use tree cavities.
A fly is an insect
Flies actually do things other than mate, contaminate and irritate.
Flies actually transfer pollen from one flower to another.
Flies also appear to look at the world they inhabit differently based on sex.
Flies also become a terrible problem and can cause dogs health and skin problems.
Flies also destroy our food, especially grains and fruits.
Flies also have a pair of transparent wings.
Flies also look differently to fish on bright day than on cloudy day.
Flies also spread disease and parasites to animals.
Flies also tend to hang around, hence the name.
Flies annoy horses, too.
Flies apparently are as fond of a chilled glass of bone-dry sherry as anyone.
Flies appear to be more active in hot weather and add to horses' discomfort.
Flies are a huge problem for herders.
Flies are a particular problem in the summer.
Flies are a problem in most eating establishments.
Flies are a problem.
Flies are a real hazard and can easily spread disease.
Flies are a simple matter.
Flies are abuzz everywhere.
Flies are active carriers of infection.
Flies are adapted for aerial movement and typically have short and streamlined bodies.
Flies are already gettin' stuck in the blood.
Flies are also a little more exotic than they're given credit for.
Flies are also disease spreaders, as they also prefer to land and dine on feces and rotting things.
Flies are also great information processors, taking in visual information much faster than humans.
Flies are also interesting because they are only active during the day.
Flies are amongst the most prolific breeders.
Flies are an even greater threat to human health than cockroaches.
Flies are another matter.
Flies are attracted by odor.
Flies are attracted to the UV rays, and once inside, they get zapped.
Flies are available at the lodge.
Flies are capable of flies.
Flies are capable of great manoeuvrability during flight due to the presence of the halteres.
Flies are capable of rapid, coordinated flight through complex environments.
Flies are carriage.
Flies are certainly favourites, particularly for first broods.
Flies are common in most horse country.
Flies are complex life forms, in spite of their high level of irritability.
Flies are easy to dispose of when they die compared with other specimens.
Flies are eaten by other animals at all stages of their development.
Flies are ethnically clean because they've never found anybody else to sleep with.
Flies are everywhere, of course.
Flies are everywhere, often perching on patients' eyes, ears, mouths and lips.
Flies are everywhere.
Flies are expendable.
Flies Are Fascinating.
Flies are generally common and can be found all over the world except Antarctica.
Flies are good for both inner and outer pecs.
Flies are great opportunists and as adults they also eat a great variety of foods.
Flies are hits.
Flies are household pests, but they are primarily associated with livestock stables.
Flies are important pollinators, second only to the bees and their Hymenopteran relatives.
Flies are insects with two wings.
Flies are insects.
Flies are just disgusting.
Flies are known carriers of pinkeye.
Flies are located in garbage.
Flies are located in skies.
Flies are located in trash.
Flies are more of an nuisance to llamas and go with the territory.
Flies are most active in wet kitchen scraps.
Flies are most susceptible to pyrethroid poisoning shortly before dawn.
Flies are notorious for defecating wherever they land.
Flies are often pollinators of simple, bowl or cluster blossoms.
Flies are OK today.
Flies are one of the most diverse groups of insects.
Flies are openings.
Flies are part of garments.
Flies are part of pants.
Flies are personal.
Flies are pests of cattle mainly during the warmer months of the year.
Flies are pests of pets kept outdoors.
Flies are pests.
Flies are predominantly symbols of satanic beings.
Flies are pretty scarce on the North Dakota hockey team as well.
Flies are primarily an annoyance.
Flies are responsible for carrying the causative bacteria.
Flies are scarce but butterflies, beetles, and grasshoppers are abundant.
Flies are scavengers.
Flies are smalls.
Flies are soft-bodied, and go through complete metamorphosis.
Flies are space.
Flies are the major food for sub-adult fish, while adults feed primarily on caddis flies.
Flies are the most active of all insects.
Flies are the most numerous and economically important species of marine insects.
Flies are the only insects that have only two.
Flies are the only major group of insects that have only one pair of wings.
Flies are the primary transmitters of the bacteria from herd to herd as well as from eye to eye.
Flies are too light to cast with spinning tackle.
Flies are tough.
Flies are used for records.
Flies are used for swattings.
Flies are vectors, unsanitary conditions, etc.
Flies are vermins.
Flies are wonderful to look at, great to collect and to give as unusual gifts.
Flies arrive in the house, rising from hibernation after the first warm days.
Flies attack the new calf and feast with noisy greed.
Flies balloon across the Atlantic.
Flies Be Gone fly trap protects all outdoor areas.
Flies belong to the class of Insecta and make up the order Diptera .
Flies bite harder and are more persistent on approaching storms.
Flies bite more before a rain.
Flies bite more before a storm.
Flies bite more before the start of a rain.
Flies breed in moist areas with rotting organic material.
Flies breed in moist decaying organic matter.
Flies breed on fourth graders following recess.
Flies breed when the weather is warm enough, and there is food for their larvae.
Flies build up in high numbers on cattle.
Flies Buy quality fly packs online with instructions and get a free fly box with each pack.
Flies buzz about over the mutilated remains of the newly departed.
Flies buzz around the light.
Flies buzz around.
Flies buzz through the unscreened window.
Flies can also cause mastitis in heifers.
Flies can also spread the disease.
Flies can also transmit anaplasmosis.
Flies can also transmit other diseases from one animal to another.
Flies can be a menace to public health.
Flies can be a nuisance.
Flies can be a problem in summer.
Flies can be horrific.
Flies can be problematic for Iowa s beef producers.
Flies can be problematic for Iowa's beef producers.
Flies can breed in infected feces and contaminate food.
Flies can breed in infected feces and then contaminate food.
Flies can breed in infected feces and then contaminate the food.
Flies can bring to the surface and distribute amoebae spores or typhoid bacilli.
Flies can carry disease from one pen to another.
Flies can carry diseases.
Flies can carry the bacteria from feces to food.
Flies can come in and land on our food and everything, just like the great outdoors.
Flies can discourage people from remaining in or visiting certain areas.
Flies can get athlete's foot.
Flies can queue up in an orderly manner to consume resources.
Flies can see behind their head.
Flies can serve as carriers of the amebic cysts.
Flies can spread disease from contact with infectious sources.
Flies can spread disease from excrement to uncovered food.
Flies can spread ringworm.
Flies can taste with their feet and smell with their antennae.
Flies can transmit enough of the bacteria from waste products to infect items of food.
Flies carry germs that cause diseases.
Flies carry many bacteria on their bodies.
Flies carry many different diseases which can affect humans as well.
Flies carry many serious diseases.
Flies carry more than typhoid fever.
Flies cause discomfort and stress in cattle, resulting in production losses.
Flies cause floats.
Flies cause little or no problem in gravity-flow systems.
Flies cause stress and also carry mastitis causing bacteria from teat end to teat end.
Flies cause two main problems in dogs during the warm months.
Flies choose the tuna.
Flies circle around one end of the heap.
Flies cluster on the warm sides of buildings in late summer during the day.
Flies coach instead of first class, despite a charismatic cast.
Flies come in all shapes and sizes.
Flies come in all varieties, dry flies, nymphs, streamers, saltwater, etc.
Flies come into the brain every last inkling into swarm, into arias of amnesia and treble thoughts.
Flies constitute a major economic and health problem in the animal husbandry industry.
Flies containing functional circadian genes did become sensitized to cocaine.
Flies contaminate humans food by walking over it.
Flies continue to lay eggs and are attracted to no-till situations.
Flies cover the pile, and a portion of a cow's head juts from beneath some broken branches.
Flies crawl on kids with empty bowls.
Flies create problems when they bite.
Flies deposit eggs in moist soil containing decaying plant material.
Flies deposit eggs under the skin of apples.
Flies deposit stomach worm larvae in skin lesions and some body areas, thus causing summers sores.
Flies develop in overripe fruit and become abundant in homes.
Flies disperse the spores.
Flies display signs of hyperactivity and incoordination followed by sedation and hypnosis.
Flies display signs of hyperactivity, incoordination, followed by sedation and hypnosis.
Flies do like honey.
Flies do very well with their single pair of fore wings.
Flies emerge earlier from light sandy soils than from heavy or wet soils.
Flies end with lands.
Flies enter the trap from below and move into secondary traps on the top of the box.
Flies enter through holes punched in the bottom or base of the Z fold.
Flies exhibit complete metamorphosis .
Flies expressing such mutant proteins show a dose-dependent loss of photoreceptors.
Flies feed and breed in the dry system.
Flies feed during the day.
Flies feed on the plant secretions caused by oviposition, and also on natural exudates.
Flies feeding on faeces are responsible for much transmission of disease.
Flies feeding on lesions are potential mechanical vectors.
Flies flourish due to lack of insecticides.
Flies fly across the line.
Flies fly up and also toward the light, which comes from the outside.
Flies fly via straight sequences of movement interspersed by rapid turns called 'saccades'.
Flies follow the odors, fly under the cap and down into the trap.
Flies gather fast and thick on a prime piece of poo.
Flies generally engage in courting or mating behavior, after which they copulate.
Flies get the germs from garbage and sewage.
Flies go into diapause during food shortages.
Flies go right to quick strike and drop dead.
Flies groom frequently and carefully.
Flies hate a well-watered pot of basil.
Flies have a daily rhythm.
Flies have a very simple life cycle with a fast maturity rate.
Flies have all that plus two wings and halteres.
Flies have compound eyes.
Flies have great powers of dispersal and they rapidly discover bodies, usually ahead of beetles.
Flies have hairs that appear as reproducable patterns from one individual to another.
Flies have hooks on their feet and sticky pads.
Flies have large compound eyes but bees have simple eyes.
Flies have mouthparts formed like a sponge to soak up liquids.
Flies have mouthparts modified for sucking or piercing, and the mouthparts often form a proboscis.
Flies have one pair of normal wings.
Flies have only one pair of wings.
Flies have only the front pair of wings .
Flies have only the front pair of wings.
Flies have the highest wing-beat frequency of any living animal.
Flies have wings.
Flies have wings.
Flies have wonderfully large, banded chromosomes.
Flies help to spread the eggs, as does the wind.
Flies hover hungrily over each living being, thirsty for sweat and blood.
Flies ingest only liquid food.
Flies jump up and backwards when taking off.
Flies Keep all food and rubbish covered and clean the rubbish bin regularly.
Flies kill sheep by laying eggs anywhere and everywhere they can in sheep.
Flies lacerate the skin and suck blood.
Flies land on the waste and spread disease.
Flies lay eggs in the soil near the seedling or plant.
Flies lay eggs on plant stems or near the ground level.
Flies lay eggs on the hamburger, and containers are collected so eggs can be incubated.
Flies lay eggs on wet, decaying material.
Flies like to lay their eggs in fruity things lightly covered with yeast.
Flies live in the humid earthen burrows of rodents and other small mammals.
Flies make up a third.
Flies mutant for dachsous exhibit a tissue polarity phenotype.
Flies mutant for zpg are viable but sterile with very small gonads.
Flies never visit an egg that has no crack.
Flies normally have two copies of the trp gene.
Flies normally live only about a month.
Flies occur almost anywhere and are attracted by foods and breeding sources.
Flies only have two wings, so count the wings.
Flies own designed piston twin Boomerang .
Flies play a variety of symbolic roles in different cultures.
Flies pollinate a few specialized flowers.
Flies possess only one pair of functional wings, the hind pair being greatly reduced in size.
Flies prefer to breed in the center of a room.
Flies prefer to stick with dirty areas such as fecal matter or garbage bins for egg laying.
Flies produce flies, dogs produce dogs, and seeds from maple trees produce maple trees.
Flies react the same way, with the same small body movements.
Flies recognize male and female members of their species, just like people do.
Flies rest on the treated surfaces and absorb the insecticide.
Flies resting on the cards leave brown regurgitation and fecal spots.
Flies retch to racism.
Flies scamper to allow clear passage.
Flies search low for food sources.
Flies see everything in slow motion.
Flies seeking shelter in early autumn are harbingers of frosty mornings and cold storms.
Flies seem to be the main issue after moisture overload.
Flies seem to love the seafood more than the UV light hanging high up behind the display.
Flies serve as mechanical vectors.
Flies show a selectivity of response to sugars based on molecular size and structure.
Flies smell with special cells in olfactory hairs on their antennae and palps.
Flies smell with their antennae Finally, one last fact.
Flies soon die in the trap sides and fall to the bottom of the trapping boxes.
Flies spread disease.
Flies start out with the screen to themselves.
Flies suppress fire ants.
Flies swarm about there.
Flies swarm around leftover food.
Flies take a high proportion of their meals from people using watering places and river points.
Flies take off backwards.
Flies taste better with a little honey.
Flies taste food with specific cells on their tarsal hairs.
Flies taste with their feet.
Flies tend to build up immunity to a single product, which reduces the effectiveness of the control.
Flies tend to cross fences and move between their feeding periods.
Flies tend to fly up.
Flies tend to lay their eggs first in moist places in the body like the eyes and mouth.
Flies thrown at right angles are difficult for the fish to eat, even if they wanted to.
Flies transmit leishmaniasis, and African sleeping sickness.
Flies truer and catches easier than foam footballs.
Flies unmask evolutionary warfare between the sexes.
Flies Use mint as a fly repellent.
Flies use their feet for many purposes.
Flies use vision more than most insects do.
Flies visit trash piles and pick up a lot of germs.
Flies vomit on their food.
Flies walk freely on a glass surface covered with a thin layer of red laser light.
Flies work best in evenings.
Flies work good on calm evening.
Flies work well early in the season when cast to rising fish.
Flys are factory seam-taped.
Flies often lay their eggs in garbage, animal droppings, and other smelly places.
Flys often are dirty and carry plague.
Flies usually spend most of their lives as a larva or a pupa.
All flies look the same, no matter what their mutations.
All flies undergo complete metamorphosis , i.e., a four-stage development.
All flies undergo egg, larval, pupal and adult stages.
All flies undergo egg, larval, pupal, and adult stages.
Any fly breeding hazard in the city is declared to constitute a public nuisance.
Any fly can consume any resource in the jar.
Every fly represents a lifetime of fish stories.
Many flies also have a calypter or membranous lobe at the base the wings.
Many flies are harmful either as carriers of disease or as destroyers of crops.
Many flies are parasitic, feeding on moth caterpillars, beetle grubs, and other pest species.
Many flies are representative of the food that fish eat.
Many flies are very small, light, and fluffy .
Many flies do most of their feeding as larvae.
Many flies have a very short life cycle because they often breed in unstable environments.
Many flies lap their food with sponging mouthparts .
Many flies mate in flight while swarming.
More flies gather, including house flies .
Most flies are active during the day and so have large compound eyes on the sides of their heads.
Most flies are deaf.
Most flies are single-hooked and the hooks are usually smaller.
Most flies have green eyes.
Most flies live less then a year.
Most flies prefer to lay eggs in meat but are happy with veggies too, especially fruit flies.
Some flies act as parasites for other pest species, keeping their numbers down.
Some flies also eat grasshopper eggs.
Some flies are beneficial.
Some flies are only active during the day, others at night.
Some flies breed on apple fruits other breed on hawthorn fruits.
Some flies build up rapid resistance to the active ingredient in many insecticides.
Some flies can transmit disease by contaminating human food.
Some flies come in different colors but have a specific characteristic and name.
Some flies even mate in mid-air.
Some flies have both at a circus for heckling the performers.
Some flies produce predatory maggots that feed on other maggots.
Some flies require a slight unevenness to their tips.
Flyball pitchers are the most likely to profit from the new strike zone.
Flycatcher surveys monitor passerine populations in response to management change.
A flycatcher is a bird
Flycatcher isa bird.
Flycatchers are birds.
Flycatchers are quite variable is size and color.
Flycatchers are somewhat similar but have darker, browner crowns and unforked tails.
Flycatchers catch and eat flies and many other insects, particularly flying ants, bees and wasps.
Flycatchers eat mainly insects and spiders, sometimes berries.
Flycatchers feed on insects.
Flycatchers have (part) air sacs.
Flycatchers have (part) bird's feet.
Flycatchers have (part) brains.
Flycatchers have (part) breasts.
Flycatchers have (part) cell membranes.
Flycatchers have (part) cells.
Flycatchers have (part) chest cavities.
Flycatchers have (part) chests.
Flycatchers have (part) corpi.
Flycatchers have (part) cytoplasm.
Flycatchers have (part) ears.
Flycatchers have (part) faces.
Flycatchers have (part) flight feathers.
Flycatchers have (part) heads.
Flycatchers have (part) lips.
Flycatchers have (part) mouths.
Flycatchers have (part) nuclei.
Flycatchers have (part) plasma membranes.
Flycatchers have (part) quill feathers.
Flycatchers have (part) rib cages.
Flycatchers have (part) second joints.
Flycatchers have (part) sections.
Flycatchers have (part) skulls.
Flycatchers have (part) sterna.
Flycatchers have (part) talons.
Flycatchers have (part) vacuoles.
Flycatchers have (part) wishbones.
Flycatchers have fluffy heads, good eyesight, and funny bristles around their nostrils.
Flycatchers occupy ranges.
Flycatchers prey on insects as do swallows and many others.
Flycatchers sit in treetops.
Many flycatchers fly similar routes.
Many flycatchers pass through.
Many flycatchers use sound to recognize a member of their own species.
Most flycatchers are rather drab, but the vermilion flycatcher is a striking exception.
Most flycatchers build open-cup nests in the branches of trees or shrubs.
Most flycatchers feed on insects.
Most flycatchers occupy ranges.
Most flycatchers sit in treetops.
Some flycatchers have impact.
Some flycatchers have large ranges.
Some flycatchers have little impact.
Some flycatchers have ranges.
Some flycatchers nest in habitats.
A flyer is an advertising
Flyer announces a school event.
Flyer connotes the speed associated with sledding.
Flyer describes free magazine available in braille and cassette.
Flyer isa ad.
Flyer isa advert.
Flyer isa advertisement.
Flyer rides on leather bearings, no distaff.
Flyer rides on leather bearings.
Flyer tries to be an entertaining and amusing read, as well as conveying facts and opinions.
Flyers also help attract new volunteers and raise the profile of a group.
Flyers announce a party and list a phone number.
Flyers are a great way to get customers of any type of business.
Flyers are a single flat sheet printed one or two sides.
Flyers are also a great promotion technique and are sometimes more effective than newspaper ads.
Flyers are also available at the extension office.
Flyers are also available at the library.
Flyers are also good if mailed earlier enough.
Flyers are always at the announcer's booth, and in many vendor booths.
Flyers are an inexpensive and effective way of attracting new patients.
Flyers are available at all library locations giving a complete listing of the hours of operation.
Flyers are available at local businesses.
Flyers are available at Pub Games.
Flyers are available at the back of the sanctuary.
Flyers are available at the bookshelf.
Flyers are available for all of the games.
Flyers are available free of charge.
Flyers are available in Acrobat reader.
Flyers are available in all libraries with instructions on how to sign on and use the system.
Flyers are available in our foyer.
Flyers are available in the flyer stand.
Flyers are available in the foyer.
Flyers are available in the information displayers.
Flyers are available in the library.
Flyers are available in the office.
Flyers are available in the school office.
Flyers are available in the Shelter, so grab some to give to friends.
Flyers are available opposite the newspaper racks on the first floor.
Flyers are available or call the office for more info.
Flyers are available.
Flyers are cheap and easy to hand out.
Flyers are dead.
Flyers are free of charge.
Flyers are in each student's mailbox.
Flyers are in the bike shops.
Flyers are in the mail.
Flyers are informative.
Flyers are located in conferences.
Flyers are much cheaper than postage.
Flyers are now available in handy .PDF format.
Flyers are now available in the library.
Flyers are now available.
Flyers are on the roll rack at the bottom of the stairs.
Flyers are on the youth board.
Flyers are one-page promotions.
Flyers are out.
Flyers are prepared for employers and potential employers.
Flyers are ready and distributed.
Flyers are single sheets of paper printed on one or both sides.
Flyers are stubborn.
Flyers are stupid, their brains go all to feathers.
Flyers are subject to availability.
Flyers are the best method of advertisement.
Flyers are the most common method used for event publicity.
Flyers are there virtually every day.
Flyers are to be designed by a crew member assigned by the senior manager.
Flyers are to be posted on campus advertising the time and place of the event.
Flyers are to be posted onl designated bulletin boards only.
Flyers are word documents saved in rich text format.
Flyers break scoreless tie early in second, limits Buffalo's scoring chances.
Flyers come in a celo pouch for easy distribution.
Flyers containing further information on the Fellowship are available at the back of the church.
Flyers describe the story as a sado-masochistic, sexual and psychological encounter.
Flyers describing additional properties are also available on request.
Flyers describing the rules and deadlines are available in the office.
Flyers do it on top, upside down, or rolling.
Flyers go on the chase for another power play goal after a penalty on Ottawa.
Flyers hae a quick overview of the classes.
Flyers have characters.
Flyers have registration information.
Flyers listing related local resources or explaining terms or jargon are also useful.
Flyers look after kids going through the change.
Flyers occasionally drop dead for no apparent reason.
Flyers operate every half hour before and continuing a half hour after event hours.
Flyers provide specific dates, topics and times.
Flyers reach public, school, university and corporate libraries.
Flyers tend to love to fly, so they approach their birds with anticipation and a light heart.
Flyers zip about and leave little contrails from their engines.
All flyers are with preview.
Most flyers have characters.
Some flyers are available online .
Some flyers are odd shapes or fold open like a book.
Some flyers describe contests.
Some flyin lodges can accommodate large groups while others cater to smaller groups.
A flying bird is a bird
Flying birds are located in skies.
Most flying birds have hollow bones.
Most flying birds have short, sharp beaks for picking up seeds and carrying nesting material.
Most flying birds have thinner layers of short feathers.
A flying field is a facility
Most flying fields have a bulletin board with used planes for sale.
More flying hours means more maintenance time on the aircraft.
A flying school is a school
Flying schools are another option.
Most flying schools offer discounts when hours are block booked.
A flying squirrel is a possum
Most flying squirrels are nocturnal, other squirrels are nocturnal or diurnal.
Flyover country gets short shrift.
A flyover is flight
Flyovers really seem to pass overhead, rather than down the sides of the theatre.
Flyrod spinners rank among the top choices.
A flytrap is a trap
Flytrap is the first range of commercial insect killers to be designed around the glue board.
Flytrap isa device.
Flytraps are most effective where insects are routinely detained and given more time to respond.
Flytraps are traps.
Flytraps can rot if constantly waterlogged in an un-drained container.
Flytraps grow well in the partial shade cast by the taller Sarracenia.
Flytraps have (part) decoys.
Flytraps have (part) sections.
Flytraps love the sun and turn a beautiful golden tinge.
Flytraps spin when no creatures can be infected.
Flytraps thrive in a mix of one part sand to one part peat.
Some flytraps produce flowers.
Some flytraps produce white flowers.
Flyway isa route.
A flyweight is a boxer
Flyweight explains when and how State objects can be shared.
Flyweights are boxers.
Flyweights are wrestlers.
Flywheel batteries are a cleaner and more economical source of battery power than chemical models.
Flywheel batteries are batteries.
Flywheel batteries are cleaner and more economical than chemical models.
Flywheel batteries are disks rotating at high speed to store energy.
Flywheel batteries store and release energy on a continuous basis.
A flywheel is a regulator
Flywheel is on the left before the center of town.
Flywheel maintains momentum between foot strokes.
Flywheel receives five smileys.
Flywheels act alternately as generators and as motors.
Flywheels are governors.
Flywheels are heavies.
Flywheels are used for storage of kinetic energy .
Flywheels are used for storage of kinetic energy.
Flywheels are wheels.
Flywheels can maintain consistent power quality for sensitive electronic equipment.
Flywheels come balanced and assembled for easy installation.
Flywheels come in all shapes and sizes.
Flywheels create torque to help with the satellite's attitude control.
Flywheels have an inertia called the moment of inertia and thus resist changes in rotational speed.
Flywheels have large moments of inertia to smooth out mechanical motion.
Flywheels serve as solar-powered generators.
All flywheels are bead blasted, machined, surface ground and dynamically balanced.
Many flywheels function as beltwheels, for they can be belted to other machines.
FMJ units are very high quality hi-fi electronics.
FMT template is the default.
Most FMV games are hard to play or less satisfying than the non-FMV counterparts.
FNAC complications are rare or mild.
Every foal crop is a new challenge, and new faces.
Foal inspection includes judgement and scoring of conformation and gaits.
A foal is a young mammal
Foals acquire infective ascarid eggs from feces that other horses have passed.
Foals also have a higher heart rate than adult horses.
Foals are able to walk and run a few hours after birth.
Foals are always color of sire.
Foals are as talented as their sire.
Foals are available each spring and a few bred mares are available each year.
Foals are available for sale.
Foals are beautiful.
Foals are born in the spring.
Foals are born with brown and white striping, with the brown stripes darkening as they grow older.
Foals are born with reddish-brown stripes and, gradually, their coats darken to black.
Foals are comparatively easy to raise.
Foals are dun and have the sire's gentle disposition.
Foals are eligible for life.
Foals are especially active in the evenings, often running beside their mother.
Foals are for sale both on the ground as well as in-utero.
Foals are good natured.
Foals are great minded and have size and balance.
Foals are here.
Foals are horses.
Foals are large with lots of action.
Foals are part of horses.
Foals are particularly susceptible to stomach worms.
Foals are quite susceptible to lungworms.
Foals are very receptive to learning.
Foals are vet-checked and are guaranteed to be sound and free from contagious diseases.
Foals are young animals.
Foals are young horses.
Foals are young mammals.
Foals arrive with thick, curly coats, curls inside their ears and curly eyelashes.
Foals become depressed, lose their appetites and normally have a fever.
Foals begin to get teeth at a few months of age.
Foals born in the high country often lose the tips of the ears due to frostbite.
Foals born in the years indicated are eligible to show.
Foals can be reg.
Foals can contract bacteria in utero or through the umbilical stump, intestinal tract, or lungs.
Foals can easily aspirate milk into their lungs, setting up a severe pneumonia.
Foals can focus their eyes almost as soon as they are born and cut their first teeth within a week.
Foals can focus with their eyes almost as soon as they are born.
Foals can run less than an hour after birth.
Foals can stand up within one hour of being born.
Foals can trot within an hour after birth.
Foals come in contact with a number of opportunistic microorganisms in nature.
Foals deteriorate rapidly.
Foals easily can learn to lead when they are young.
Foals experiencing difficulty in passing the meconium have specific symptoms.
Foals get a series of shots and then begin on the yearly schedule.
Foals have a better prognosis for physeal fractures and transverse fractures.
Foals have a natural appetite for salt.
Foals have small stomachs, so divide the daily ration into two to three feedings.
Foals have sweet and intelligent dispositions.
Foals learn to trust humans and tolerate handling if the handling is consistent and frequent.
Foals mature quickly.
Foals normally stand and nurse within three hours of birth.
Foals now have more bloom and plenty of healthy bone.
Foals produced on the farm are progeny of stallions maintained on the or of area stallions.
Foals remain with their dams until the fall when they are weaned at four to six months of age.
Foals seem to have little difficulty finding their mothers.
Foals spend the next several months beside their mother.
Foals Visit the mares page to see pictures, and links to dam's pedigree's.
Foals year around.
Foals often begin to nibble at grass when they are only a few days old.
Foals often have orthopedic problems, too.
Foals usually are able to be taught to drink from a pail.
Foals usually stay close to their mothers.
Foals usually survive to discharge.
All foals are lead trained at a very early age.
All foals have a lot of expression and excellent mouvements.
Every foal is imprinted and handled from birth.
Every foal is trained and handled from birth.
Many foals begin life with weak legs.
Many foals display curling, rounding of the back, bucking, head shaking etc.
Many foals have some degree of immunity to the disease that they acquire from their dams' colostrum.
Many foals require corrective rasping of their hooves at two months of age or earlier.
More Foals Coming View the mares page and the sales page to see pictures and pedigree's.
Some foals are soft and furry and other have a wiry coat.
Some foals prefer the taste of goat's milk over cow's milk.
Foam boards are fastened together using plastic ties.
Foam boards are light and buoyant.
Foam boards are more buoyant and better suited for deep water.
Foam boards are the type that are most commonly used by surf schools.
Foam boards are very popular on the west coast and in Hawaii where skimboarders ride waves more.
Foam cakes have a very delicate egg protein structure.
Foam cells are one of the key cell types involved in the process of atherosclerosis.
Foam cells play an important role in preventing heart disease progression.
Foam core can be bent and worked much like cardboard.
Foam core comes to the edge Adds stability and support.
Foam core expanded versions make light and rigid displays.
Foam core is easier to work with.
Foam core is the easiest to cut, but it is also a soft material that can be dented easily.
Foam core is used to reflect light directly onto an object.
Foam core mounting adds stability and durability.
Foam core mounting or gator board are available by quote.
Foam cores are lighter than wood cores, while wood cores give a smoother ride and a more even flex.
All foam cores are pre-cut, with level lines in place for proper alignment.
Foam flower works well with ferns in a shady, moist garden with slightly acid soil.
Foam insulation can attract insects.
Foam insulation has excellent thermal qualities, making it a good choice for energy conservation.
Foam insulations are also widely available.
Most foam insulations emit very noxious fumes during a fire.
Foam latex is soft and 'breathable', for a comfortable and realistic look.
Foam mattresses are available for additional people.
Foam rubber helps isolate the camera from engine vibration.
Foam rubber is foam
Foam rubber is rubber
Foam rubber makes the best tongue lining, but it is important to get good quality foam rubber.
Foam backing absorbs vibrations and absorbs noise.
Foam compresses too much to absorb crash impact to child's head.
Foam creates cushions.
Foam crushes and breaks down as a result of bottom flexing as rocks slam into the boat.
Foam exists everywhere - in the quantum froth, the cappuccino, the wave, and the galactic swirls.
Foam expands and moisture cures to form a semi-rigid closed cell mass.
Foam flows into drum.
Foam forms a chemical barrior over entrance to uterus.
Foam handle with slip rings for attaching reel.
Foam handle with strap for easy handling.
Foam is a bubble
Foam is bubbles.
Foam is colloids.
Foam is located in fire extinguishers.
Foam is located in waterfalls.
Foam is materials.
Foam isa bubble.
Foam lined cases are ideal for regular shaped items close to the size of the case.
Foam mounting strips protect vehicle s paint.
Foam padded backside and knuckles protect hands from glass and debris.
Foam reaches almost all the areas of equipment thus making it easy for soil removal from corners.
Foam reduces combustion by cooling, moistening and excluding oxygen.
Foam reduces the contact between the cooland and the workpiece by introducing air to the system.
Foam reduces the risk of getting some sexually transmitted diseases.
Foam roll all muscles on the body above the plantar.
Foam sanding blocks work well on rounded surfaces.
Foam separates the opposing steel tubes, preventing thermal bridging.
Foam stabilizing pads conform to the camera's dimensions and hold it in place.
Foam stops sperm from getting into the egg.
Foam tends to collect on the lee side of waves.
Foam transmits less vibration through to the angler than a harder material.
Foam weighs more than people realize in the volumes needed.
Foam works better.
Foams also burn, producing smoke and poisonous gases such as carbon monoxide.
Foams are an appropriate choice for managing wounds with moderate to heavy drainage.
Foams are available in traditional thickness versions and in extra thin versions.
Foams are multiple density.
Foams are neither solid, liquid, nor gas, but they exhibit properties of all three states.
Foams are one class of wildfire control chemicals.
Foams are probably the most effective since they spread more evenly to coat the vagina and cervix.
Foams come in aerosol containers with an applicator to insert the product into the vagina.
Foams create a moist environment and provide thermal insulation to the wound.
Foams provide barrier protection.
Foams vary greatly between beer styles.
Foams work well in cats that are frightened by spray bottles.
All foam is a combination of foam ingredients and air.
All foam is eliminated.
All foam is replaceable because of zippers in the construction.
Many foams are used for cushions or bumpers, however, most have poor energy absorbing capability.
More foam is added to the bottom of the daggerboard.
Most foam creates cushions.
Most foam is a product of nature.
Most foam is natural.
Most foam is scored in blocks to allow bending.
Some foam has insulate values.
Some foam has values.
Some foams contain plasticizers which can degrade adhesive bond.
Foamy bark rot better describes the symptoms observed on citrus.
Foamy bubbles are a normal part of having a hot tub.
Foamy macrophages replace lymphoid cells.
Foamy oil interferes with fuel injection, which reduces engine power.
Foamy planes are very forgiving.
Foamy silk reveals clues about the structure of the protein.
Foamy urine is a strong sign of protein, but usually there are no visible symptoms.
Foamy viruses appear to occupy a unique niche quite distinct from all other groups of retroviruses.
Foamy viruses bud from both the endoplasmic reticulum membrane and the cell membrane.
Foamy viruses use multiple promoters.
A fob is chain
Fobs are available in a variety of colors and offer the choice of angled or straight shapes.
Fobs can have phases and weights.
Focaccia toppings are generally quite simple.
Focal adhesion kinase up-regulation and signaling in activated keratinocytes.
Focal attention is harp and clear.
Focal challenge is complexibility and scalability in wide-area information system.
Focal depth is estimated by inspecting broadband waveforms for the presence of depth phases.
Focal depths range from the near-surface sediments down to the base of the crust.
Focal disease causes focal deficits.
Focal disease has a better visual prognosis than more diffuse disease.
Focal disease is uncommon.
Focal distance is distance
Focal distance is distance.
Focal distance is measured from lens or mirror to focal point.
Focal distance is set by simply placing the magnifier on the page.
Focal distance represents the angle of aperture used to display perspective.
Focal edema is associated with hard exudate rings resulting from leakage from microaneurysms.
Focal flowers are usually bright, clustered, eye-catching blooms that create a focal point.
Focal inflammation occurs at sites.
Most focal inflammation occurs at sites.
Focal irradiation is given.
Focal ischemia is a local decrease in cerebral blood flow.
Focal length affects apparent distance.
Focal length determines the size of the projected image.
Focal length dictates the angle of view.
Focal length have an inverse relationship to both optical power and angle of view.
Focal length is basically the measurement in millimeters from the lens to the sensor.
Focal length is distance
Focal length is important when the task requires using tools with the object being viewed.
Focal length is the distance between the camera sensor and the center of the lens.
Focal length is the distance from the focal point to the lens.
Focal length is the distance from where the light is first bent till it meets in focus.
Focal length is the distance measured from camera lens to film.
More focal lesions mean that angioplasty or bypass can be more useful procedures.
Focal lighting draws the eye of the congregation while providing a varied luminous environment.
Focal mechanisms indicate location and faulting geometry of calibration events.
Focal neuropathy affects the eyes, facial muscles, hearing, pelvis, lower back, thigh and abdomen.
Focal neuropathy does improve over a period of time with no long-term damage.
Focal neuropathy occurs most often in older people with mild diabetes.
Focal planes shift, panel by panel, guiding the viewer through each image.
Every focal poet reveals aspects of their own that time forecloses from close study.
A focal point is a point
Focal point Extend and reflect the four rays and see where they meet.
Focal point is adjusted by using the brass nut.
Focal point is more on citrus peel.
Focal point is the brick fountain in the inner courtyard, a popular gathering spot on warm days.
Focal point is the hearth.
Focal points are often popular public spaces in the city, drawing in activity and people.
Focal points are the survivor's lap and the luminaria ceremony.
Focal points have a near or far nature, similar to a camera lens.
A focal ratio is a ratio
Focal ratio is simply the focal length divided by the diameter.
Focal reducers are positive lenses which do two things to the real image.
Focal reducers helps a lot.
Focal sclerosis can recur in the transplanted kidney.
A focal seizure is a seizure
Focal seizures are less common and, as the term implies, involve only a part of the body.
Focal seizures are more likely from secondary epilepsy than primary.
Focal seizures are seizures.
Focal seizures can also occur.
Focal seizures remain localized to one body region.
Focal symptoms are uncommon, chronic meningitis is common.
Focal themes are the construction of gender, sexuality, seclusion, and spirituality.
Focal treatment allows retreatment of local and new recurrences.
Focal vasculitis is present in the lesion.
Focus areas include child development.
Focus areas include development.
Focus groups allow for a general examination of the issues and problems in the lawsuit.
Focus groups are about trying to gauge how people feel as well as talk about commodities.
Focus groups are also a popular method to gather customer information.
Focus groups are also a primary step in the development of questionaire design.
Focus groups are also an option.
Focus groups are also important when the client needs to see and hear therespondents first-hand.
Focus groups are also useful for discovering and addressing barriers to communication.
Focus groups are best when it's hard to figure out the reason for student dissatisfaction.
Focus groups are big business.
Focus groups are close to worthless as a way to drive or evaluate design.
Focus groups are cruel.
Focus groups are depth interviews.
Focus groups are effective way of gathering customer feedback.
Focus groups are essential for obtaining design, marketing, and evaluation input.
Focus groups are great.
Focus groups are group interviews.
Focus groups are idea generators.
Focus groups are in-depth guided discussions among several individuals led by a trained moderator.
Focus groups are more meaningful if actual concept models or prototypes are presented.
Focus groups are neither a form of group interviewing nor serial interviewing.
Focus groups are often the first step in developing an answer to a set of research questions.
Focus groups are often useful to find out what the key issues are within a particular topic.
Focus groups are only as good as their moderators.
Focus groups are particularly useful in pre-testing.
Focus groups are perfect for word of mouth research.
Focus groups are popular amongst marketing professionals for good reason.
Focus groups are small group discussions that are moderated and led by professional facilitators.
Focus groups are useful in providing the researcher with qualitative data.
Focus groups are valuable to 'test' new ideas or products before implementation.
Focus groups ask people what skills they bring to the project.
Focus groups can also compare opin ions that are internal and external to an organization.
Focus groups can be a technique to help make the transition to facilitative leadership.
Focus groups can be an effective tool in an overall planning process.
Focus groups can be an effective way of adding substantial depth to questionnaire results.
Focus groups can be difficult to lead, and unsuccessful without careful planning.
Focus groups can be helpful, too, but alone they just don t provide a broad enough perspective.
Focus groups can be particularly helpful.
Focus groups can generate ideas and test concepts, programs, messages or products.
Focus groups can help get a peek into their minds.
Focus groups can help mission teams get a peek into the mind of the supporter.
Focus groups can often be directly misleading.
Focus groups can play an important role in determining advertising strategy.
Focus groups can provide advance feedback in advance.
Focus groups can take several forms.
Focus groups can work well with any particular population and with a diverse population.
Focus groups constitute another.
Focus groups create lines of communication.
Focus groups delve deeply into people's thoughts and feelings.
Focus groups encourage open dialogue that facilitates sharing information.
Focus groups involve asking a series of predetermined questions to a group of people.
Focus groups involve multiple respondents in an interview- type setting.
Focus groups Let small groups negotiate priorities.
Focus groups meet by cases and finalize plans.
Focus groups meet by cases.
Focus groups meet by expert areas.
Focus groups offer an excellent way to test different approaches.
Focus groups offer clients consistent, reliable data with fast turnaround.
Focus groups offer the palette with which to paint a deeper portrait of opinion in news stories.
Focus groups provide the intelligence required to fool the people at least some of the time.
Focus groups provide the opportunity to elicit a range of opinions.
Focus groups reveal perils and promises of managed care for nurse practitioners.
Focus groups show that individuals distrust the federal government.
All focus groups are audio taped, and video tapes can also be produced.
All focus groups offer programming at the annual conference and throughout the year.
Most focus groups have a dominant respondent who biases the other respondents.
Focus risk controls where they have maximum impact.
Focus causes focus.
Focus is clarity.
Focus is concentration
Focus is concentration.
Focus is magazines.
Focus is points.
Focuses is on embroidery and it uses in crazyquilting.
Focuses is on the material world of American society from the colonial era to present.
Focuses vary regionally depending on the relative roles of surface versus ground water.
Focuses work on molecular biology, cell biology, physiology, and neurobiology.
More focus Become better, more perfect.
More focus is needed on the African poor, both men and women.
More focus is placed on wellness, community health education, prevention and health promotion.
More focus is required on the utilization of material for crop improvement.
More focus needs to be given to state, local and international documents issues.
Much focus is placed on academic achievement .
Some focus is given to the common problems of each stage of development.
Some focus is on plant water relations - in the form of aquaporin analysis.
Some focus is placed on preventative medicine and practical application.
Focused action is necessarily co-ordinated action.
Focused action needs to supplement the data development activities.
Focused amendments improve the performance of the model, but the model still exhibits problems.
Focused anger is the key - anger that can be, in effect, hurled at the entities.
Focused attention fosters one's finest potential.
Focused attention is needed to help students build interpersonal relationship skills.
Focused attention is one of the first skills addressed as an injured individual emerges from coma.
Focused attention is the attention of the expert.
Focused attention slows the mind down and relaxes the body.
Focused blame connected to a political slogan is a potent situation of conflict.
Focused care is emphasized.
Focused commitment are the key determinants to success.
Focused communications carry much more weight than one long one.
Focused consciousness improves the quality of our lives.
Focused dedication is driven by inspiration and becomes the key to all accomplishment.
Focused dialogues are special opportunities to share specialized information with colleagues.
Focused dialogues yield two-way learning.
Focused energy minimizes collateral tissue effect.
Focused evaluation makes sure that the program intended to be delivered is really in place.
Focused instruction is designed to help students develop road reading skills and speed judgement.
Focused interviews have certain topics to cover in an unspecified order.
Focused intimacy produces friendships born of communal efforts to achieve shared goals.
Focused levels allow students to cycle through the prepared curricula.
Focused listing asks the students to generate words to define or describe something.
Focused living can result in a transformed church.
Focused living is the byproduct of strategic thinking applied to the life of a believer.
Focused living requires intentional efforts.
Focused marketing is to consistently combine both niche and target marketing.
Focused observation is the first step to learning the essential components of any motion.
Focused organisations are able to explain themselves to others.
Focused organizations can hold people accountable for results.
Focused organizations spend time talking about projects rather than talking about project tracking.
Focused organizations work on fewer things at one time, but get more done over time.
Focused power is much stronger than scattered power.
More focused priorities result in the reduction of the possible beneficiaries of the programmes.
Focused programs offer very rigid and specific activities.
Focused research is needed to investigate barriers to help seeking.
Focused searches are better.
Focused specifications help improve value to user and helps with business case.
Focused stars look round.
Focused strategies lead to better outcomes and lower costs.
Focused support can take many forms.
Focused systems deliver more value for less money.
More focused titles give information on specific fields.
Focused topics work best for hands-on workshops.
More focused training is needed in programme design and evaluation methods.
Focused Web provides an uncensored newsfeed.
Focused writing keeps the reader's interest.
Focusses are both educational and experiential.
Focussed Searches Get in, get the information and get out.
Focussed Students freewrite on a particular topic or in answer to a particular question.
Fodder beet is harvested before the natural onset of the reproductive phase.
Many fodder crops are conserved as hay, chaffed or pulped.
Some fodder crops are components of compound feeds.
Fodder grown on irrigated land also demands large quantities of water as do meat processing plants.
Fodder is a soldier
Fodder is balanced by protein-mineral content.
Fodder is expensive as it comes all the way from from Punjab.
Fodder is feed.
Fodder is just another term for forage or green silage.
Fodder is pet food.
Fodder isa food.
Fodder isa nutrient.
Fodder pulling time is here.
Some fodder contains plants.
Some fodder contains toxic plants.
Some fodder is consumed by cattle.
A foe is an antagonist
Foe calls it a stamp of approval .
FoE claims the government's trial program is now in chaos.
FoE seeks ban on alkyl phenols.
FoE welcomes local schools' participation and to promote young people's environmental awareness.
FOE works to support the transition away from pesticides to organic production.
Foes are mostly in the form of monsters from old time periods.
Foes are rivals.
Foes argue that's no reason to make others suffer effects of a new airport.
Foes call it mean-spirited sensationalism.
Foes call it mean-spirited.
Foes can see, hear, speak, interact with environments and co-ordinate actions with other characters.
Foes claim it indirectly threatens Roe v. Wade.
Foes contend vouchers help few children and drain money from public schools.
Foes decry how 'routine' it has become.
Foes fear a privacy invasion.
Foes hope lawsuit blocks initiative.
Foes increase teen parenthood by limiting access to abortion, contraception, and condoms.
Foes load the line of scrimmage, stacking against the run.
Foes say the law unconstitutionally privileges religion.
Foes say the proposed zoning change is too restrictive and is being rushed.
Foes Suffer a Fright.
Foes vow to continue battle.
Every foe is now under our feet.
Some foes appear to have voted with their pocketbook.
Some foes are more susceptible to specific magics.
Foehn winds occur near many mountain ranges and bring hot, dry conditions.
Foetal distress is an abnormality
Foetal distress is most commonly the consequence of maternal distress.
Foetal distress is often present.
Foetal fibroblasts are the preferred cell type for nuclear transfer in pigs and sheep.
Foetal haemoglobin shows different ultraviolet absorption than adult haemoglobin.
Foetal heartbeat is monitored during the procedure.
A foetal monitor is a monitor
Foetal monitors come in all shapes and sizes.
Foetal movement is movement
Foetal movements are more pronounced.
Foetal parts are difficult to be felt.
Foetal problems can develop in pregnant women.
A foetus is a vertebrate
Foetus is felt like a soft homogenous mass with undistinguished foetal parts.
Foetus is formed by the repeated division of embryo and differentiation.
Foetus is simply the Latin word for young or offspring.
Foetus is the unborn young one of a viviparous animal after it has taken form in the uterus.
Foetuses are most sensitive to dioxin exposure.
All foetuses burrow into the linings of their mothers' wombs, in search of nourishment.
All foetuses produce male and female precursor hormones.
Fog banks fill most of the valleys in the two photographs.
Fog City carries a complete assortment of inserts for motorsports helmets, goggles and windshields.
Fog City is the home of big plates and small plates.
Fog collection is a low-cost method of collecting drinking water from the clouds.
Fog collection produces potable water with no requirement for energy sources.
Fog drip is a possibility, but both the range, and the clinic location is sheltered.
Fog horns call out from across the bay.
Fog horns scream in the harbor.
Fog lamps operate with high beam of headlamp.
Fog lamps provide a very wide, high intensity short range beam designed for inclement weather.
Fog light is automotive products.
Fog light is car light.
Fog lights are now able to be turned on, independent of the headlights.
Fog lights are now standard in addition to clear taillight lenses in the rear.
Fog lights are readily available and simple to attach, for even better looks.
Fog lights are standard, as well.
Fog lights are usually separate buttons at different locations on the dashboard.
Fog machines accentuate the light beams.
Fog machines produce a very believable effect, and the fog produced is completely harmless.
Fog nozzles are preferred if water is used.
Fog of war is implemented in an unusual way.
Fog of war is implemented in several ways.
Fog signal sounds a three-second blast in a thirty second period.
Fog also costs framerate.
Fog also occurs when the air is cooled below a critical temperature called the dew point.
Fog appears suddenly and razor sharp volcanic reefs are abundant.
Fog begins to form when water vapor condenses into tiny liquid water droplets suspended in the air.
Fog blows through the forest at all times.
Fog brings the lowest of all ceilings and the greatest unpredictability.
Fog burns off into partly cloudy skies.
Fog can act like a brick wall to lasers.
Fog can also form over cold, snow-covered ground as warmer air moves in.
Fog can also form overnight within a region of higher pressure.
Fog can also occur preceding a warm frontal passage.
Fog can appear at any time of the year.
Fog can be a problem any season.
Fog can be a problem.
Fog can be equally dangerous.
Fog can be just another parameter for an object.
Fog can be the reel villain when tackling the long distances sometimes required.
Fog can completely block the reflector when other lights remain visible.
Fog can define limits of redwood groves, but fog also plays a key role in water use by the redwoods.
Fog can extend an otherwise high pressure morning into a top water bonanza.
Fog can form suddenly and can dissipate just as rapidly.
Fog can occur on the islands during any season producing cool, damp conditions.
Fog can pose a serious threat to motorists.
Fog carries sound and it was often foggy in the mornings.
Fog combined with smoke can cut visibility to nearly zero.
Fog comes from landward direction.
Fog comes from the direction of the ocean.
Fog contains very tiny liquid water particles, like a cloud, and floats, like a cloud.
Fog covers the top.
Fog creates a marbling or curling effect in beams of light, where haze creates a solid light beam.
Fog creeps up from the Alabama River and encircles a tall white tombstone.
Fog enables the programmers to build intricate environments, but only so far.
Fog envelops the ship.
Fog even rolls in on some courses, along with realistic shadows.
Fog happens frequently in the summer and blizzards and storms in the winter.
Fog happens when the water vapor condenses into particles as air temperatures cool.
Fog has a color field.
Fog has the curious effect of magnifying sounds.
Fog helps to define light beams and radiate colors, and can add an eerie ambiance to any scene.
Fog here is so dreamy.
Fog hides the mysterious attackers that are coming.
Fog imparts a lus hpainterly quality to pictures of lobster boats and sailboats.
Fog increases humidity.
Fog is a bit of an annoying problem with the game.
Fog is a classic example as it consists of very small water droplets dispersed in air.
Fog is a cloud based on the ground, rather than in the atmosphere.
Fog is a cloud in contact with the ground.
Fog is a cloud in touch with the ground.
Fog is a cloud near the ground.
Fog is a cloud on the ground.
Fog is a cloud that forms on the ground.
Fog is a cloud that has formed on the ground.
Fog is a cloud that touches the ground or the surface of a body of water.
Fog is a cloud that touches the ground, so the closest clouds get to the ground is to touch it.
Fog is a common factor off the California coast in winter.
Fog is a common sight .
Fog is a common sight.
Fog is a fragile spiderweb hanging in all directions.
Fog is a prime example.
Fog is a rare occurrence.
Fog is a stratus cloud in contact with the ground.
Fog is a variation that reaches the ground.
Fog is a very common occurrence here during the summer months.
Fog is a very difficult thing from several standpoints.
Fog is aerosols.
Fog is also an omnipresent concern.
Fog is also quite common on some of the mountain passes.
Fog is an aerosol
Fog is an example of a colloidal system in which a.
Fog is an example.
Fog is another major new landscape feature, adding more to the game than just atmosphere.
Fog is another, and very dangerous problem.
Fog is applied after color combining and before alpha blending.
Fog is atmospheres.
Fog is available upon request.
Fog is basically a cloud at ground level.
Fog is by no means uncommon in the area.
Fog is caused by air.
Fog is caused by changes in temperature and air pressure.
Fog is caused by moist air.
Fog is classified by the way it forms.
Fog is clouds.
Fog is common during summer months.
Fog is common during the summer months along the immediate coast and major river drainages.
Fog is common during the summer months.
Fog is common especially along the coast.
Fog is common in the cold air ahead of a warm front.
Fog is common in the cold air ahead of the front.
Fog is common in the evening and early mornings.
Fog is common in the morning throughout the year.
Fog is common in the summer, rain in the winter.
Fog is common in valleys on winter mornings, due to nocturnal raditional cooling and drainage flow.
Fog is common nearer the coast.
Fog is common on the coast.
Fog is commonplace, creating a moderate climate, with both winters and summers being quite mild.
Fog is composed of billions of tiny water droplets floating in the air.
Fog is controlled by the airlines and is used to delay flights.
Fog is cool.
Fog is drawn inland toward the warm Central Valley.
Fog is essentially very low clouds, consisting of water vapor cooling and beginning to condense.
Fog is expensive to do right.
Fog is films.
Fog is formed because the air within the chamber is cooled when the pressure is quickly dropped.
Fog is formed by five different cooling mechanisms.
Fog is frequent on the plains in the cold season.
Fog is frequent.
Fog is good, too.
Fog is introduced at ground level and propelled forward and upward.
Fog is just a cloud at ground level.
Fog is just a cloud that happens to be hanging around on the Earth's surface.
Fog is less common in the winter.
Fog is literally a cloud on the ground.
Fog is located in sea.
Fog is located in valleys.
Fog is located in waterfalls.
Fog is made of small water droplets suspended in the air that reduces visibility.
Fog is made of tiny liquid water droplets, lightweighted enough to remain suspended in the air.
Fog is made up of tiny water droplets or , in very cold conditions , ice crystals .
Fog is made up of tiny water droplets or, in very cold conditions, ice crystals.
Fog is merely a cloud at ground level.
Fog is mist.
Fog is more dramatic.
Fog is most common in the fall and spring.
Fog is most prevalent and thickest during the morning hours.
Fog is much heavier and thicker than haze and tends to block out the light.
Fog is negotiable, even if the spuds run out.
Fog is nice for dreaming.
Fog is non-existent.
Fog is often a prelude to large thunderstorms.
Fog is often present when drizzle falls.
Fog is often the answer to truly remarkable events.
Fog is often thickest in valleys and low-lying areas.
Fog is one of that large number of words whose origins are obscure.
Fog is only water trying to believe.
Fog is open air.
Fog is part of weather.
Fog is perhaps the best know atmospheric, but all air contains some amount of particulate matter.
Fog is perhaps the worst weather accouterment to northern Utah.
Fog is precipitation.
Fog is prevalent during summer months.
Fog is produced by vaporizing a special fog fluid under high heat.
Fog is rain before it collects together to form raindrops.
Fog is rare except in winter.
Fog is rare in Reading.
Fog is rare on the Bay during summer months.
Fog is simulated by blending the color of the fog with the color of each ray.
Fog is situations.
Fog is standard in the early morning as well as late afternoon and evening.
Fog is stinky.
Fog is the most dangerous condition to encounter shipping.
Fog is the visible aggregate of minute water droplets suspended in the atmosphere near the surface.
Fog is typically thicker in low places as the heavy air flows downward.
Fog is very rare, usually occurring early on winter mornings.
Fog is very rare.
Fog is weather.
Fog is wonderful stuff.
Fog isa aerosol.
Fog makes it very hard to see and be seen.
Fog occurs commonly.
Fog occurs during about one-third of summer days.
Fog occurs during periods.
Fog occurs in cold weather.
Fog occurs in weather.
Fog occurs more often than any single precipitation type at all temperatures.
Fog occurs occasionally at any time of the year.
Fog occurs when moisture is cooled and condenses in the atmosphere near the surface of the earth.
Fog occurs when stratus clouds are in touch with the ground surface.
Fog occurs when the air is saturated and the invisible water now becomes visible.
Fog partially compensates for the summer drought.
Fog permits only the peaks to be exposed.
Fog plays an important role in the plot, providing alibis for some and obscurity for others.
Fog presents another danger for cyclists.
Fog reduces visibility.
Fog represents the saturation of air near the ground surface.
Fog rolls off the mountaintops in southern West Virginia Come enjoy the beauty of Mercer County.
Fog sealing roads is a process of spraying a thin layer of oil onto a road surface.
Fog seems to want to lay flat in the lower areas of a scene.
Fog settles down toward the ground.
Fog soon rises from the warm earth and covers the natural orchestra, hiding it from sight.
Fog surrounds a well-kept dairy farm, then soon dissolves into sunlight.
Fog temporarily increases water potential in Florida scrub oaks.
Fogs are frequent along the coast, especially in summer.
Fogs are frequent on the lake, too.
Fogs are merely clouds on the surface of Earth.
Fogs are rare, and are usually confined to the early morning hours of midwinter.
FOGS can encourage and support, suggest and advise.
FOGs employ optical fiber wound on a spool.
Fogs form when moist air is cooled, or when cool air has water vapor added to it.
Fogs give by far the most atmospheric attenuation.
Fog frequently blankets both mountains and valleys, creating interesting views and vistas.
Fog frequently develops in winter.
Fog often appears in low-lying areas.
Fog often develops overnight and comes onshore during the morning.
Fog often envelops the park.
Fog often forms in low places because as the air cools it becomes heavier and flows downhill.
Fog often forms on cold,clear nights as the temperatures drop to the dew point temperature.
Fog often occurs near and ahead of front.
Fog sometimes can obscure the building across the street.
Fog sometimes disappears before mid-day.
Fog usually is a surface-based form of stratus.
Fog usually occurs in low areas such as valleys, canyons and craters.
More fog seems to occur in Autumn than any other season.
Most fog increases humidity.
Most fog is caused by air.
Most fog is caused by moist air.
Most fog occurs during periods.
Most fog occurs in cold weather.
Most fog occurs in weather.
Most fogs tend to be found under conditions of light wind.
Much fog prevails.
Some fog covers paths.
Some fog occurs during afternoons.
Some fog occurs on surfaces.
Some fog refers to clouds.
Fogged lenses make foggy photos.
Foggy events tend to stick in the memory.
Foggy goals mean wasted time and poor motivation to learn.
Foggy language helps to achieve an appearance of political consensus.
Foggy lenses are always a pain.
Foggy nights enhance the acid necessary for a properly balanced wine.
Foggy periods are the norm during most of the summer season.
Foggy weather is hazardous for shipping and drilling rigs, especially when icebergs are present.
Foggy weather prevails.
A foghorn is a signal
Foghorns bleat, bells clang, and lights flash.
Foghorns flare their warnings and go out.
A foglamp is a headlight
Foglamps add a sporty touch to the front end design.
All FOH circuits transfer.
FOH requirements are minimal but a saturation grid above the dance floor is desirable.
Foil bearings have strong potential in a number of applications.
Foil acts as reflectors.
Foil can be in bales, boxes, or coils.
FOIL can provide the study results to all groups.
FOIL computes Reynolds numbers based on water or air usage, chord length and a range of velocities.
Foil confetti in the shape of dollar signs can add to the design.
Foil contains fluquinconazole and prochloraz.
Foil cover no extra charge.
Foil emphasizes strong defense and fast, precise actions.
Foil goes over the dish, and the fish bakes for three to four minutes or until the fish is opaque.
Foil -Great for robots, astronauts and space creatures.
Foil has (part) sections.
Foil has low mass.
Foil has mass.
Foil has thickness.
Foil holds in heat, flavor and moisture.
Foil holds in natural liquids, and foods cook moist and tender.
Foil is a favourite for wedding invitations and for many special invitations and gift certificates.
FOIL is a process that is effective as a last resort.
Foil is a type of sheet metal, foil can mean thwart, and a foil is a sword.
Foil is a very thin metallic colored layer on cellophane.
FOIL is about our various ideas, so please get active.
Foil is also great to use in cleaning the grill.
Foil is attention.
Foil is available in gold, silver, white and black.
Foil is available.
Foil is easily, quickly cut with ordinary scissors and hand shaped to the desired outline.
Foil is metal.
Foil is sheet metal
Foil is sheet metal.
Foil is sheets.
Foil is sports equipment.
Foil is strong enough to go directly from the freezer to the oven.
Foil is swords.
FOIL is the equivalent New York State Law.
Foil is the most common starter weapon.
Foil is used to add highlights and contrast to a design.
Foil is usually gold or silver, but other metallic colors or wood grains are available.
Foil isa artifact.
Foil keeps fish from falling through the grill rack, but lets the fish get a grilled flavor.
Foil keeps food odors from transferring to other foods.
Foil keeps odors of foods from transferring to one another.
Foil keeps pans clean and prevents juices and flavors from mingling.
Foil produces a more steamed sandwich.
Foil provides good packaging material for a campers personal toilet articles.
Foil reflects rays.
Foil reflects sunlight to provide maximum uv and heat protection.
Foil represents a long overdue survey of a submerged high-risk culture.
Foil shows diffraction effects.
Foil shows effects.
Foil targets the torso area, which excludes the arms, head, neck and legs.
Foils are extremely portable for easy transport.
Foils are foils, that's all there is to it.
Foils are great, and It comes with two booms.
Foils are inkjet printable on foil side only.
Foils are large-font text pages suitable for overhead transparencies.
Foils are light enough, ordinarily, for any woman to handle, and can be made lighter if necessary.
Foils are soft kites that have no hard frame and are controlled with two or four lines.
Foils have reflective qualities.
Foils provide excellent barrier properties and are used for many packaging applications.
Foils use light diffraction to create effects that look different from various points.
All foils are subject to oxidation, although most only under elevated temperatures.
Most foil acts as reflectors.
Most foil has low mass.
Most foil has mass.
Most foil has thickness.
Most foil reflects rays.
Most foil shows diffraction effects.
Most foil shows effects.
Some foil acts as conduits.
Some foil blocks heat.
Some foils can be tricky to use, because they look different after application .
Folate catabolism is related to growth rate in weanling rats.
Folate cofactors are essential for life.
Folate consumption is a recipe for wellness.
Folate deficiency affects DNA synthesis in all mitotic tissues.
Folate deficiency can result in depression, apathy, fatigue, poor sleep, and poor concentration.
Folate deficiency is associated with an impairment in the number and lifetime of white blood cells.
Folate deficiency is characterized by megaloblastic anemia and low serum folate levels.
Folate deficiency is very common in vegetarians.
Folate levels are high in foods such as beans, greens, okra, sweet potatoes and squash.
Folate requirements are particularly high during pregnancy and for the elderly.
Folate supplement is found in multivitamins and fortified cereals and pastas.
Folate supplements are available at chemists, supermarkets and health foods stores.
A folate is a B vitamin
Folates are essential in the synthesis of DNA within cells.
Folates are necessary for DNA synthesis within the cells.
Folates enter the cell and are converted into polyglutamated forms.
Folates help prevent neural tube defects in the offspring.
Fold bicycles have tubes.
Most fold bicycles have tubes.
All fold lines are to be scored or crimped, with no perforations.
A fold is a form
FOLD only operates in the R memory.
Folds add strength to the card stock just as they do to the steel of a real helmet.
Folds appear around the main joints during movement.
Folds appear around the neck and the skin hangs.
Folds are a type of plastic deformation that occurs in rocks.
Folds are assymmetric, north vergent.
Folds are asymmetric, north vergent.
Folds are en echelon in each trend suggesting lateral component.
Folds are especially well defined in layered, or stratified rock.
Folds are examples of ductile rock deformation.
Folds are formed by tectonic forces that act to compress Earth's crust.
Folds are groups.
Folds are more precise and uniform.
Folds are most visible in rocks that contain layering.
Folds are pearly white - females have whiter cords than males.
Folds are pens.
Folds are present in the skin, which forms flaps along the lateral margins of the body.
Folds are structures.
Folds become the cornerstone of combat strategies.
Folds begin to appear beneath the chin and neck.
Folds can be small and subtle, or large and exaggerated.
Folds can occur on all scales.
Folds can place permanent creases within fabric that are impossible to remove.
Folds can result in differential pressure on the stomach as well as pinching of tissue.
Folds Consider the following problems.
FOLDs enhance pastoral care as folks know that they are cared for.
Folds formed as detachment folds differ fundamentally from fault-propagation folds.
Folds mainly go up and down.
Folds receive high marks for playfulness , affection , and grooming .
Folds receive high marks for playfulness, affection, and grooming.
Folds result from compressional stresses acting over considerable time.
Folds result from compressional stresses or shear stresses acting over considerable time.
Folds work best when either scored first or lightly perforated along the paper's grain direction.
All folds are solid with no pinholes or separations.
Many folds are conical rather than cylindrical.
Many folds offer the challenge of dividing the sides of a square into thirds.
Foldable design allows easy storage and transport.
Foldable liners dry quickly.
Foldback worms come in more varieties than previously.
Folded cardboard is unacceptable.
Folded ears seem to convey uneasiness, and a crouched posture is taken when defensive.
Folded puzzles are acceptable.
Folded size is important also.
Folded structures become unfolded and turn into random configurations.
Folded view is typical of weatherproof models.
Folder names are also case sensitive.
Folder names are case insensitive.
Folder names are case-sensitive and can include spaces so they can be very descriptive.
Folder names are case-sensitive.
Folder names show in dark text and file names show as grey text.
Folder names start and ends with forward slashes.
A folder is a book
Folder contains a photocopy of the inscription.
Folder contains a second copy for low voice, Pub.
Folder contains a second copy pub.
Folder contains a second copy without photo.
Folder contains a third copy pub.
Folder contains all information pertaining to a specific case.
Folder contains another edition.
Folder contains bibliographies of resources having to do with learner assessment .
Folder contains editions for medium and low voice.
Folder contains guidelines for local church mission leaders.
Folder contains information relating to the use of distance education technolgy in adult education.
Folder contains miscellaneous articles on alternative and informal methods of assessment.
Folder contains multiple copies.
Folder contains part for lst violin or mandolin.
Folder contains the saved Web page and a folder with image files due to design.
Folder contains the script, examples, and URL to author's website explaining more.
Folder contains three copies with varying covers.
Folder contains various articles and materials on using portfolios for learning and assessment.
Folder contains versions for high and medium voice.
Folder contains versions for high, medium and low voice.
Folder includes carbon copy of the report on onion skin paper.
Folder takes a long time to open.
Folders allows people to search for the content they want.
Folders also change when the number of items contained change.
Folders appear between slashes.
Folders appear on the left and content on the right.
Folders are a convenient means of collecting messages in unique groups.
Folders are a place where e-mail messages can be stored.
Folders are a simple way to organize SLCs.
Folders are alphabetical by first letter of first name.
Folders are also available at the Reserves Desk.
Folders are also logical units.
Folders are also organizational aids.
Folders are arrangedalphabetically by individual surnames.
Folders are collections of files.
Folders are collections of mail.
Folders are color coded to reflect one's class year.
Folders are container objects.
Folders are containers that help organize models, just like folders on a disk help organize files.
Folders are covering.
Folders are helpful for grouping like information together.
Folders are important means for helping both teachers and children see progress in writing skill.
Folders are in alphabetical order, chronologically arranged within.
Folders are just files in the filesystem.
Folders are located in briefcases.
Folders are located in cabinets.
Folders are located in file cabinets.
Folders are located in filing cabinets.
Folders are located in schools.
Folders are located in shelfs.
Folders are necessary to keep the papers together and in order.
Folders are places to store e-mail messages that are related to each other.
Folders are purely a navigational aid to locate information more easily.
Folders are roughly equivalent to chapters in a book.
Folders are simply files where messages are kept.
Folders are tattle-taped.
Folders are to be kept in the office file.
Folders are used for filing.
Folders are used for storage.
Folders are useful for organizing pages by topic.
Folders are yellow and look similar to manila folders.
Folders are yellow.
Folders attached to the bulletin board hold extra copies of information that is posted.
Folders beat hand folding hands down.
Folders can also confuse the automatic installation process for some software.
Folders can also contain other folders and so on.
Folders can also contain other folders.
Folders can be especially helpful for large bookmark collections.
Folders can be password-protected for added safety.
Folders can contain a number of mailboxes.
Folders can contain any number of separate departments and individual employees.
Folders can contain documents or other folders, and can represent documents themselves.
Folders can contain files, other folders, or in some cases, icons.
Folders can contain files, programs or other folders.
Folders can contain files, programs, and even other folders.
Folders can contain files, programs, and other folders.
Folders can contain individual bookmarks or subfolders.
Folders can contain other folders as well as bookmarks.
Folders can contain other folders as well as files.
Folders can contain subfolders that break a subject down even further.
Folders can contain subfolders, which, in turn, can contain subfolders, and so on.
Folders can fill one or more cabinets.
Folders can have scripts attached which execute when something is done with the folder.
Folders can have subfolders and files.
Folders can have sub-folders as well for further organization.
Folders can help.
Folders can look different depending upon their type or the current selection.
Folders can span cabinets.
Folders come with added functionality relating to the type of media stored in the folder.
Folders contain clippings unless otherwise specified.
Folders contain discussions.
Folders contain files and other folders.
Folders contain files or other folders.
Folders contain pages and other folders.
Folders contain precise historical information for each coin series.
Folders contain professionally published and printed sheet music.
Folders containing the general officers elected also have the yearly membership of that session.
Folders Correct each paper as soon as it is returned.
Folders Create new, rename, delete, copy or move.
Folders encourage students to experiment, draft, revise and edit their writing.
Folders exist only if they contain messages.
Folders expand to show arrays of newsgroups available.
Folders generally contain like types of information.
Folders give additional pathways to individual articles.
Folders hang front to back.
Folders have names which match the type of document contained in the folders.
Folders have names.
Folders have the icon of a manila folder.
Folders Hold documents, programs, etc.
Folders just make it easy to organize materials within a forum.
Folders just works with anything it can figure out.
Folders link directly to the corresponding pages on dmoz.org.
Folders load much more quickly and consume far less system resources when they are opened read-only.
Folders make it easy to organise mail by category.
Folders make it easy to organize messages, and messages can include links and attachments.
Folders mysteriously disappear at random.
Folders nearly spill their bulging contents onto the floor.
Folders now have a size column, and messages can be sorted by size .
Folders only exist if they contain messages.
Folders organize a collection of related pages.
Folders organize the conference.
Folders owned by a user are private folders.
Folders pop to wherever they want.
Folders provide an easy way to sort files by related topics.
Folders relate to the main index file.
Folders require no permissions.
Folders residing within the current folder are yellow.
Folders simply hold their contents.
Folders support drag and drop.
Folders support message sorting and selection based on various criteria.
Folders throw delicate shadows across the desktop and sport curved, translucent sliders and buttons.
Folders traditionally go from the largest to the smallest in scope.
Folders Use folders to store and organize incoming and outgoing items.
Folders work the same way, except that their path ends in a colon.
Folders often contain more than one case file.
Folders usually have a list of contents written on the front.
All Folders checkbox allows users to see the entries from all folders.
All folders contain equivalent content, formatted for easy viewing on each respective platform.
All folders contain the index.html file which is part of the system structure.
All folders have an additional slot to display the reverse of the coin.
All folders have just the name and no extender.
All folders reside in insect-proof steel cabinets.
Any folder is selected.
Every folder has a name.
Every folder has a title and a heading, which describes the folder.
Every folder has an e-mail assigned to it.
Every folder is saved into a series of small html documents, one html file per page.
Every folder now has an index file.
Many folders are interested in Origami folds using a dollar bill as the paper.
Many folders can have the same name.
Many folders exhibit a mixture of items and subjects.
Many folders have more than one case and are identified individually within each folder.
Most folders also contain a cvmbs.txt file with detailed instructions for that particular program.
Most folders fit in a suitcase or small carry bag.
Most folders have a personal set of self-imposed rules which they apply.
Some folders also require a verification worksheet and certain tax documents.
Some folders are mainly informational with little room for discussion.
Some folders contain even more sub-folders divided into more specific topics.
Some folders contain information on other aspects of Brazilian religious life.
Some folders contain several pages.
Some folders have a sub-folder for images.
Some folders have readme files inside.
Some folders slump out of sight.
Some folders use rulers or other flat tools to make sharper creases in the models.
Most folding furniture is wobbly, undersized, and uncomfortable.
Folding are collapsings.
Folding are geological processes.
Folding can also stretch the individual stitches and fibers within the quilt.
Folding can be multi-state.
Folding can stretch the carpet's delicate fibers.
Folding helps to maintain some of the airy texture.
Folding is also ideal for individuals who desire winter storage.
Folding is easy.
Folding is facilitated by the secretion of folding enhancers and molecular chaperones.
Folding is meant to preserve as much as possible the air beaten into the egg whites, so be gentle.
Folding is permitted for mailing.
Folding is used to hide the text that has no changes.
Folding means the perceived cost is too much to bear.
Folding produces various other types of land forms.
Folding reduces the lifetime of the map.
Folding stresses the paper fibers.
Some folding is assisted by molecular chaperones.
Foley artists are sound artists who add live sound to films.
Foley artists create manual sound effects to sync up with projected film or video images.
Foley catheter is inserted into the bladder.
Foley catheters allow families to go out without worrying where the bathroom is.
Foley catheters are too short to reach the bladder of male dogs.
Most foliage begonias grow from thick rhizomes that grow along or just beneath the soil surface.
Foliage damage is reflected in lower grain yields.
Foliage injury appears as dark stipples, light flecks, dead patches and general discoloration.
Foliage injury is usually in the form of numerous small holes.
Foliage injury occurs before tasseling.
Foliage plants feature leaves.
Foliage shape can vary from almost fern-like to the more familiar, broadly oblong.
Foliage time is when New England outshines any other place in the world.
Foliage also comes in shades and textures from fresh yellow greens to deep rainforest darks.
Foliage appears after bloom.
Foliage appears bronzed, dried and scorched.
Foliage appears bronzed, dried, and scorched.
Foliage appears during grow seasons.
Foliage appears during seasons.
Foliage appears mottled and can develop white or pale yellow spots which often turn red.
Foliage appears thinner and branches die back.
Foliage appears to be in tufts because of the very short internodes.
Foliage appears wilted and dark brown or black.
Foliage appears wispy from a distance and crown is pyramid-shaped.
Foliage arises from short shoots, where leaf scars are commonly visible.
Foliage arises from stems.
Foliage attracts pollinators.
Foliage becomes chlorotic or small.
Foliage becomes deformed, sticky, curled or yellow.
Foliage becomes dwarfed, crinkled, and curled.
Foliage becomes light green and finally a greenish yellow.
Foliage becomes pale.
Foliage becomes reddish brown in the fall for added interest.
Foliage becomes ruby-bronze in cool weather.
Foliage becomes stiff, brittle, and droops.
Foliage becomes thin and sickly.
Foliage becomes yellow-green to yellowish.
Foliage begins photosynthesis.
Foliage burn in hot dry soils.
Foliage can also add color.
Foliage can be upright or arching.
Foliage can be various shades of green or variegated in white and green.
Foliage can drown if planted too deep.
Foliage can fill a spot that seems dry or empty.
Foliage can provide varying shades of green or distinct contrast with yellow, red, or purple leaves.
Foliage can range from a waxy, broad shinny leaf to a hairy, dark green with spots or warts.
Foliage can remain evergreen in warmer climates.
Foliage can vary from narrow to wide to feathery in various shades of green and gold.
Foliage changes color and dies.
Foliage changes color from season to season.
Foliage changes colour from season to season.
Foliage closely resembles that of I. latifolia.
Foliage contains compounds that appear to have insecticidal and fungicidal properties.
Foliage continues to provide an interesting texture throughout the summer and fall.
Foliage covered by flood water is extremely damaging to the tree.
Foliage covers the mountains like green fur over the bones of a deadly beast.
Foliage Create fine foliage that can be used as a bush or tree texture.
Foliage creates barriers.
Foliage darkens to deep glossy green.
Foliage develops a golden autumn color which holds into early winter.
Foliage develops a very nice yellow color in the fall.
Foliage develops excellent fall coloration, ranging from orange, bright red to maroon.
Foliage dies away, composted for the next cycle of regeneration and growth.
Foliage dies back each winter, but basal portions of leaves and stems remain green.
Foliage dies back in fall, and new shoots emerge from roots in spring.
Foliage dies down and nothing is seen until foliage begins to grow again in late fall.
Foliage dies down in late spring.
Foliage dies to ground in fall.
Foliage disappears after flowering.
Foliage does come in many colors .
Foliage emerges coppery and matures to dark green.
Foliage emerges in early spring resembling crinkled parsley.
Foliage emerges in fall, spathes creamy yellow and fragrant.
Foliage emerges with yellow variegation fading to white as summer progresses.
Foliage exudes milky juice when broken.
Foliage finely divided, the flowers are very dark crimson and vary from single to semi-double.
Foliage gives light to a shady area.
Foliage goes dormant for a short winter rest.
Foliage grows in neat rosettes dark green in colouring with dark almost black stalks.
Foliage has (part) leaf shapes.
Foliage has (part) sections.
Foliage has burgundy tint in fall.
Foliage has chances.
Foliage has color.
Foliage has concentrate nutrients.
Foliage has delicate onion-like flavor.
Foliage has delightful peppermint fragrance.
Foliage has enough onion smell to keep deer at bay.
Foliage has heavier substance.
Foliage has lovely silver white meal underneath and a frosting on top.
Foliage has nutrients.
Foliage has odor.
Foliage has pungent odor when crushed.
Foliage has purple highlights.
Foliage has rank odor.
Foliage has rich purple tint.
Foliage has taste.
Foliage has white margins tinged with pink in spring.
Foliage is a beautiful blue-green color and widely used as an accent plant and edging.
Foliage is a bit sparse but clean, and the bush very open.
Foliage is a bluish gray.
Foliage is a deep, glossy green.
Foliage is a delightful contrast with other plants.
Foliage is a glossy dark-green.
Foliage is a good light yellow.
Foliage is a light green colour.
Foliage is a light green.
Foliage is a lovely deep glossy green.
Foliage is a lovely, ferny, narrow greyish-green.
Foliage is a medium green, narrow blades, creating a very fine texture.
Foliage is a medium green.
Foliage is a medium to bright green.
Foliage is a nice bright healthy green.
Foliage is a nice shiny dark green turning a clear, soft yellow in fall.
Foliage is a plant organ
Foliage is a pleasing silver color, ranging from white to bluish-green.
Foliage is a rich lively green.
Foliage is a rich lustrous green.
Foliage is a rich medium green.
Foliage is a rich medium-green color.
Foliage is a rich, dark green with contrasting silvery-blue lines on the upper leaf surface.
Foliage is a rich, deep green.
Foliage is a shiny bright green in summer and strikingly yellow in fall.
Foliage is a sparkling silvery-blue .
Foliage is a unique silver blue in tight clusters of soft short needles.
Foliage is a very attractive tiny leaf.
Foliage is a winkled, deep-green.
Foliage is a yellowish-green color.
Foliage is abundant, normal green, leathery and medium-small with good disease resistance.
Foliage is airy and delicate, turning purple, pink, bronze or red in winter as weather cools.
Foliage is almost evergreen and blooms appear intermittently throughout the season.
Foliage is almost white, fuzzy and very soft.
Foliage is also mahogany in color which slowly turns a deep green in late summer.
Foliage is also nice, and never wilts.
Foliage is always in the way, but even that can be circumvented by patience and perseverance.
Foliage is an added bonus.
Foliage is an attractive blue-green color.
Foliage is an attractive clean medium green and develops an outstanding clear yellow fall color.
Foliage is an important part of any arrangement.
Foliage is apple-scented.
Foliage is aromatic, fine and fernlike.
Foliage is aromatic.
Foliage is arranged in tufts on ends of branches.
Foliage is attractive and it makes a useful screen.
Foliage is attractive burgundy or tricolor.
Foliage is attractive but it deprives blooms from important hydration.
Foliage is attractive in Fall.
Foliage is bloomy and finely hairy beneath.
Foliage is blue green in color and is needle like less than an inch in length.
Foliage is blue to green in color and varies by seedling or variety.
Foliage is blue-gray and aromatic.
Foliage is bluish gray with white flowers during fall and winter.
Foliage is bluish green and taupe.
Foliage is bluish-green in color with a fine texture.
Foliage is bluish-green.
Foliage is bright glossy green in summer and fairly good yellow fall color.
Foliage is bright green in color, tending to cluster at branch ends.
Foliage is bright green in summer and turns rusty brown in autumn and then goes deciduous.
Foliage is bright green to bluish green .
Foliage is bright green turning orange, scarlet, and reddish purple in autumn.
Foliage is bright green.
Foliage is brilliant green in spring and yellow in the fall.
Foliage is bronze and teal.
Foliage is clean, glossy dark green.
Foliage is colorful in all witchhazels.
Foliage is composed of five leaflets, as are most of our modern roses.
Foliage is comprised of three leaflets of medium green color.
Foliage is conditioned for increased chemical absorption by prolonged cool periods.
Foliage is constricted above the base and is shed, leaving a relatively smooth twig.
Foliage is consumed by several small, spotted, caterpillar-like larvae.
Foliage is covered with a fine, light tomentum, making the leaves somewhat soft to the touch.
Foliage is covered with ground foam colored for the tree requested.
Foliage is covered with settled scales.
Foliage is covered with short to long spreading hairs that are at right angles to the surfaces.
Foliage is covered with sticky glandular hairs and has a foul odor .
Foliage is dark and glossy, but fragrance is only mildly sweet.
Foliage is dark and glossy.
Foliage is dark and leathery.
Foliage is dark green above and lighter beneath.
Foliage is dark green above and pale and smooth below.
Foliage is dark green above and pale beneath.
Foliage is dark green above and soft, hairy, and light green beneath.
Foliage is dark green above with a pale green underside, becoming brown and purplish during autumn.
Foliage is dark green all year round.
Foliage is dark green and changes to a brown to bright red in the fall.
Foliage is dark green and clean.
Foliage is dark green and disease resistant.
Foliage is dark green and fall color is yellow.
Foliage is dark green and generally healthy.
Foliage is dark green and glossy, pouch-like, twisted.
Foliage is dark green and glossy.
Foliage is dark green and quite glossy, turning yellow to red in the fall.
Foliage is dark green and rather glossy.
Foliage is dark green and shiny above and paler beneath.
Foliage is dark green and shiny above but paler on lower surface.
Foliage is dark green and the tree holds foliage late into the fall.
Foliage is dark green and very glossy.
Foliage is dark green covering lax, heavily thorned canes.
Foliage is dark green in color with red petioles.
Foliage is dark green in color.
Foliage is dark green in summer turning yellow in fall.
Foliage is dark green with a sparkle and unusually dense.
Foliage is dark green, and fragrance is slight.
Foliage is dark green, and growth habit is bushy and upright.
Foliage is dark green, and nicely disease resistant.
Foliage is dark green, and prone to the occasional sparring match with blackspot and mildew.
Foliage is dark green, arranged in rosettes of long, narrow leaves.
Foliage is dark green, glossy, and plentiful.
Foliage is dark green, leathery and glossy.
Foliage is dark green, red-purple fall color.
Foliage is dark green, shiny and very healthy looking.
Foliage is dark green.
Foliage is dark leathery green.
Foliage is dark red, almost black, with an iridescent bright cherry center.
Foliage is dark, shiny green.
Foliage is deciduous turning from bright green to sage green to soft brown.
Foliage is deep cut and dark green.
Foliage is deep green and disease resistant on a tall plant.
Foliage is deep green and shinny - very healthy.
Foliage is deep green with new shoots and leaves of bronze.
Foliage is densely pubescent beneath, giving rise to the scientific name.
Foliage is densely tomentose beneath.
Foliage is disease resistant, but rather sparse.
Foliage is distinctive, often large, and either fan or feather shaped.
Foliage is dull green and leathery.
Foliage is eaten.
Foliage is especially colorful when grown in part shade.
Foliage is evergreen in mild climates.
Foliage is examined for leaf holes, frass and larvae.
Foliage is excellent.
Foliage is extremely nice with a slight blue tone to the leave.
Foliage is feathery soft.
Foliage is feathery with an upright growing habit.
Foliage is fern-like and bright green.
Foliage is fine-textured, glossy and dark green.
Foliage is flat leafblade radiate out from stem.
Foliage is fragrant and lacy.
Foliage is fresh green and healthy.
Foliage is glabrous, glossy, dark green above, and paler beneath.
Foliage is glossy abd leathery.
Foliage is glossy and bronzy-green.
Foliage is glossy and leathery.
Foliage is glossy dark green with shades of purple and plum.
Foliage is glossy deep green and healthy.
Foliage is glossy green and healthy.
Foliage is glossy green changing to scarlet in the fall.
Foliage is glossy green.
Foliage is glossy, dark green above, and paler beneath.
Foliage is glossy, with just a tinge of purple.
Foliage is glossy.
Foliage is gray and bristly forming dense rosettes of lobed leaves.
Foliage is gray-green, and canes are nearly thornless.
Foliage is gray-green.
Foliage is grayish green.
Foliage is green and shiny above and dull green below.
Foliage is green marbled with silver.
Foliage is green on the upper surface, bluish-green underneath.
Foliage is green with a succulent leaf texture.
Foliage is green with speckles.
Foliage is green year round due to the warm humid climate.
Foliage is green, silver, or steel blue and sharp enough to draw blood.
Foliage is greenish-purple on large paddle like leaves and burgundy purple on the undersides.
Foliage is grey-green, disease resistant, and shade tolerant.
Foliage is healthy and attractive.
Foliage is healthy and medium green.
Foliage is healthy and of a leathery,dull green colour.
Foliage is healthy, dark olive green.
Foliage is healthy.
Foliage is heavily textured and puckered, round and cup shaped.
Foliage is ill-smelling when crushed.
Foliage is inconspicuous.
Foliage is killed at freezing temperatures but roots survive.
Foliage is killed by frost.
Foliage is lacey and yellow-green, turning golden brown and then red before falling.
Foliage is lacy and dark green.
Foliage is lance-shaped and dark green.
Foliage is large and dark green.
Foliage is large on the grapefruit, winged petioles are present and spines are evident.
Foliage is large,glossy and healthy.
Foliage is leathery and course texture.
Foliage is less a problem with lighthouses, which are always popular.
Foliage is less than six inches in height.
Foliage is light and very decorative.
Foliage is light green and tri-lobed.
Foliage is light green and wavy on the edges with a very gingerly scent when crushed.
Foliage is light green changing to an apricot-orange in the fall.
Foliage is light green changing to very deep green.
Foliage is light green with purple blotches.
Foliage is light green, and disease resistance is excellent.
Foliage is light green.
Foliage is light to bright green in summer and yellow, yellow-brown and russet in fall.
Foliage is located in forests.
Foliage is long and spade-shaped with a prominent point.
Foliage is lost and the trees have less area for photosynthesis.
Foliage is low, but seed stalks rise to waist high in good soil.
Foliage is low, dark green.
Foliage is lush with soft fuzzy leaves spiraling around a bamboo type canes.
Foliage is lush, broad and sometimes pleated.
Foliage is lush, strong and dark green in color.
Foliage is lustrous green and relatively pest free.
Foliage is lustrous green in summer, turning orange to scarlet or purple in autumn.
Foliage is maroonish tinged.
Foliage is matte green.
Foliage is med green and healthy.
Foliage is med.green and arching.
Foliage is medium green and born on tall, straight canes.
Foliage is medium green and canes have small thorns.
Foliage is medium green and generally healthy, but mildew can be an issue.
Foliage is medium green and healthy.
Foliage is medium green and leaves are sized proportionately.
Foliage is medium green and sometimes develops a reddish-purple fall color in early autumn.
Foliage is medium green on long graceful stems.
Foliage is medium green.
Foliage is medium to light green in color.
Foliage is medium to pale green, sometimes with a yellowish cast.
Foliage is medium-green and large.
Foliage is mid green and glossy.
Foliage is mobs.
Foliage is more difficult to save under severe frost conditions.
Foliage is more lacy than most verbenas.
Foliage is mottled as well.
Foliage is mottled or leaflets tend to roll up.
Foliage is muddy green with faint spotting.
Foliage is nearly bloomy when mature.
Foliage is neat and the large flowers are showy.
Foliage is neat, olive green and very healthy.
Foliage is needlelike, scalelike, or both.
Foliage is of the type known as phyllodes and is often found in Wattles of dry or hot regions.
Foliage is off-color.
Foliage is often chlorotic.
Foliage is often fern-shaped and is very attractive.
Foliage is often sparse, dwarfed, and yellowish-green.
Foliage is often the backdrop for the wreaths, with the blooms and seed pods the decorations.
Foliage is oval and has entire leaf margins.
Foliage is palatable to pronghorn in summer and fall, and is palatable year-round in wet years.
Foliage is pale celery, sage and a soft greenish teal.
Foliage is pale green and downy with semi-double flowers in small loose clusters.
Foliage is pale mint, sage and olive.
Foliage is palmate, light green, and pointed.
Foliage is pinnate and dark green.
Foliage is prone to chlorosis and cupping along the margins, which leads to an unthrifty appearance.
Foliage is purple with hot pink flowers in spring and summer.
Foliage is purple, fading to bronze and the fruit is maroon in color.
Foliage is red when new, maturing to glossy, dark green.
Foliage is reduced.
Foliage is relatively scab free with a trace of frogeye.
Foliage is resistant to the leaf-blotch problems experienced by Ohio buckeye.
Foliage is resistant to wind burn.
Foliage is retained well into dry seasons.
Foliage is riddled with small holes.
Foliage is rough and has a dark cast in winter.
Foliage is rounded, slightly curled and dark green.
Foliage is scant, the land is low and fresh water is in short supply.
Foliage is scheduled to begin it's annual color change.
Foliage is semi-glossy and blooms last well as cut flowers.
Foliage is shiny and elongated, less rugose than some.
Foliage is shiny and holly green.
Foliage is shiny dark green.
Foliage is shiny.
Foliage is silky, or hairy, when unfolding, becoming smooth to slightly silky with age.
Foliage is silver grey with thin green marg.
Foliage is silver, blue-green with woolly white seeds heads in late fall.
Foliage is silver-green.
Foliage is silvery and ruffled.
Foliage is silvery blue-green.
Foliage is slightly grayish with narrow leaves.
Foliage is slightly pubescent when young.
Foliage is small, dark green with red petioles in summer, turning yellow in autumn.
Foliage is small, deep green and glossy adding to the the overall great apearance of the bush.
Foliage is small, serrated and dark green.
Foliage is small, serrated, and dark green.
Foliage is soft and has a pleasant, evergreen odor.
Foliage is soft and light green with a feathery or plume-like appearance.
Foliage is soft gray-green in summer, plum color in winter.
Foliage is soft to the touch, in a luminous yellow color.
Foliage is soft, bright green needles.
Foliage is soft, grayish blue, and adds a nice touch to the summer green doldrums.
Foliage is sometimes prickly.
Foliage is somewhat sparse.
Foliage is sparse and often yellowish.
Foliage is sparse even at the peak of the rainy season, and absent during the dry season.
Foliage is sparse, giving the tree an unthrifty appearance.
Foliage is stiff and thick.
Foliage is susceptible to rust, leaf spot and anthracnose.
Foliage is the clear choice for rapid development of wireless or mobile software applications.
Foliage is the desired characteristic.
Foliage is thick enough to protect the fruit.
Foliage is thin and weak.
Foliage is thin and yellowish or brown.
Foliage is tinted bronze.
Foliage is tomentose when young, becoming glabrous or somewhat hairy as it ages.
Foliage is tomentose when young, becoming glabrous, or somewhat hairy, as it ages.
Foliage is toothed or shallow-lobed, especially on vigorous shoots.
Foliage is tough, unpalatable to livestock, and present nearly year round.
Foliage is toxic to livestock, especially sheep, when consumed in quantity.
Foliage is toxic.
Foliage is tufted, resembling a fox tail.
Foliage is twisted and distorted.
Foliage is typically somewhat blue or gray.
Foliage is unique to each individual plant.
Foliage is unique.
Foliage is used by browsers.
Foliage is used by several birds for nest building.
Foliage is used for testure with very little lawn.
Foliage is used in floral arrangements.
Foliage is useful in flower arrangements.
Foliage is variegated green and white, striking both before and after the plant blooms.
Foliage is very attractive and resembles a shrub from spring until late fall.
Foliage is very attractive with a compact habit.
Foliage is very dark green.
Foliage is very disease resistant and healthy.
Foliage is very fragrant when crushed.
Foliage is very healthy and olive green.
Foliage is very rugose and healthy.
Foliage is vigorous, but simple and graceful.
Foliage is vigorous, spreading and dark green.
Foliage is waxy, dark green above, silvery green below.
Foliage is what ties any garden together.
Foliage is yellow and seeds are usually sterile.
Foliage is yellowed with rolled leaves.
Foliage is yellow-green to dark green.
Foliage isa plant part.
Foliage keeps growing after flowers disappear, so watch for the distinctive leaves well into summer.
Foliage lasts a long time when cut.
Foliage later turns yellow and dies.
Foliage loads the gorge, molds it into the form of a booth, of a throne.
Foliage looks bronze in winter, and white flowers ripen to red berries in fall.
Foliage looks good all season.
Foliage looks good most of summer.
Foliage looks nice, too.
Foliage makes a better background.
Foliage now covers remnants of the old Rajput settlements and former villages.
Foliage obscures much of the view in the summer.
Foliage offers a coarse texture in the sunny perennial border.
Foliage opens a bronzy light green and turns to lustrous, dark green with age.
Foliage persists all winter, making excellent winter and early spring wildlife cover.
Foliage produces nutrients.
Foliage protects fruit.
Foliage provides an in- teresting texture.
Foliage provides cover for songbirds and mammals.
Foliage provides habitats.
Foliage provides shelter.
Foliage puts on a brilliant show of colors.
Foliage ranges from a medium to dark-green.
Foliage ranges from dark to reddish green to greyish green and silvery grey.
Foliage reaches to ground if left untrimmed.
Foliage remains clean with only traces of scab and frogeye leafspot.
Foliage remains mahogany red until just before blooms mature, then it turns dark green.
Foliage remains nice through summer.
Foliage remains stunted and sparse.
Foliage remains through the fall and into early winter here in the South.
Foliage resembles that of the black or sweet birch, but is smaller.
Foliage seems almost as important as flowers.
Foliage shows pink tones in fall.
Foliage smells like fennel or liquorice.
Foliage spreads quickly and turns deep red in the fall.
Foliage starts dark purple, changes to dark green at maturity then to bronze in winter.
Foliage stays attractive well into winter.
Foliage stays clean and pest free throughout the growing season.
Foliage stays dry, and water is delivered directly to the root zone.
Foliage stays green until frost.
Foliage surrounding the pineapple like bract is multicolored of yellow, green and red.
Foliage tends to be medium in size and contains seven to nine leaflets.
Foliage tends to be oriented upward.
Foliage tends to grow towards the top of the plant.
Foliage turns a beautiful bronze-red color after a freeze.
Foliage turns a beautiful orange or red in the fall.
Foliage turns a beautiful yellow in fall.
Foliage turns a burgundy color in the fall.
Foliage turns a coppery pink color in the spring, green in the summer and copper in the fall.
Foliage turns a plum color in winter.
Foliage turns an intense color in fall, ranging from pinkish orange to red-purple.
Foliage turns brilliant crimson in fall.
Foliage turns bronze color.
Foliage turns color in the fall.
Foliage turns color.
Foliage turns coppery color.
Foliage turns coppery-bronze after the first frosts.
Foliage turns deep red in winter when grown in part sun.
Foliage turns deep red, orange and yellow mid-fall.
Foliage turns from the normal dark green to yellow particularly in the spring.
Foliage turns green color.
Foliage turns mottled yellow.
Foliage turns orange-red in autumn.
Foliage turns pale or yellow prematurely.
Foliage turns pink color.
Foliage turns red and yellow in autumn.
Foliage turns red in fall.
Foliage turns red in the fall.
Foliage turns red to bright orange in the fall.
Foliage turns reddish in fall and winter.
Foliage turns to a bronzy green in the autumn.
Foliage turns to beautiful mahogany in the fall.
Foliage turns yellow and withers pre- maturely in certain areas.
Foliage turns yellow or purple.
Foliage turns yellow to red-orange to purple in autumn.
Foliage turns yellowish-orange in fall, gray in winter.
Foliage varies from almost fernlike to bold and coarse.
Foliage varies from one cultivar to the next.
Foliage varies in shades of green.
Foliages also get interesting, with rich colours, berries, seedpods and twigs coming into the shops.
Foliages also represent a high profit margin due to their relative light weight.
Foliage always looks best just before it is time for it to go away.
Foliage often is discolored by whitefly and garden flea hoppers.
Foliage sometimes develops an excellent yellow in fall.
Foliage usually develops a purple to brownish cast during winter months.
Foliage usually turns bright yellow in a few days because of chlorophyll degradation.
Most foliage appears during grow seasons.
Most foliage appears during seasons.
Most foliage arises from stems.
Most foliage attracts pollinators.
Most foliage begins photosynthesis.
Most foliage creates barriers.
Most foliage has chances.
Most foliage has color.
Most foliage has nutrients.
Most foliage has odor.
Most foliage produces nutrients.
Most foliage provides habitats.
Most foliage provides shelter.
Most foliage turns bronze color.
Most foliage turns bronze, scarlet, or purplish red in autumn.
Most foliage turns color.
Most foliage turns coppery color.
Most foliage turns green color.
Most foliage turns pink color.
Some foliage absorbs heat.
Some foliage absorbs maximum heat.
Some foliage attracts vectors.
Some foliage consists of cotyledons.
Some foliage consists of green needles.
Some foliage consists of needles.
Some foliage consists of prickly needles.
Some foliage contains gels.
Some foliage contains juice.
Some foliage forms tight rosettes.
Some foliage grows from buds.
Some foliage grows trees.
Some foliage has blotches.
Some foliage has habits.
Some foliage has unpleasant smell.
Some foliage has upright habits.
Some foliage has values.
Some foliage has weep habits.
Some foliage has white blotches.
Some foliage is harvested during grow seasons.
Some foliage is harvested during seasons.
Some foliage produces clover.
Some foliage produces results.
Some foliage shows symptoms.
Foliar absorption is rapid.
Foliar analysis can be an effective way to determine the nutritional status of the poinsettia.
Foliar analysis is a useful method of indicating possible nutrient deficiencies.
Foliar analysis is a valuable tool for identifying nutrient deficiency and toxicity symptoms.
Foliar analysis is recommended for identifying sites to fertilize.
Foliar analysis provides the best measure of the fertilizer needed.
Foliar application is the most effective way to increase calcium for the current growing season.
Foliar application is the most efficient and effective method.
Foliar application transports the herbicide from the leaves to the roots.
Foliar applications achieve maximum efficacy when applied after full leaf development.
Foliar applications can correct in-season deficiencies.
Foliar applications have to be repeated several times during the growing season.
Foliar applications perform best if made during the cooler part of the morning or evening.
Foliar applications require considerably more herbicide to control Brazilian pepper-tree.
Foliar blights are common diseases of tomatoes and potatoes and can severely damage both crops.
Foliar damage is often insignificant.
Foliar diseases affecting large areas of fields can significantly reduce yields.
Foliar diseases are also much easier to control where suckers are pruned.
Foliar diseases are favored by extended periods of leaf wetness.
Foliar diseases can be a problem in plant beds.
Foliar diseases tend to be worse in thick growth.
Foliar fertilization is a fairly common practice in palm production.
Foliar fertilizers are applied directly to leaves.
Foliar fungicides are also an option for control of speckled leaf blotch.
Foliar fungicides are an important component of disease management systems available to growers.
Foliar fungicides are an option for control of glume blotch.
Foliar galls approx.
Foliar growth occurs during the spring, summer, and fall.
Foliar infections cause formation of necrotic spots on the leaves or leaf edges.
Foliar injury increases with simulated acid rainfall application duration.
Foliar injury increases with the length of time that simulated acid rainfall is applied.
Foliar insecticides are also useful.
Foliar insecticides are the treatment of choice in most situations.
Foliar sprays are the principal means of applying iron to crops, such as for fruit trees.
Foliar sprays are useful to beef up disease resistance through the season.
Foliar sprays are very effective, and are used commercially.
Foliar sprays provide only short-term relief and are of temporary value.
Foliar symptoms are more severe after frequent or heavy midseason rains.
Foliar symptoms are most evident on regrowth after cutting.
Foliar symptoms can appear early but most often are visible after flowering.
Foliar symptoms can occur any time during the summer.
Foliar symptoms can occur throughout the growing season but are difficult to detect.
Foliar symptoms develop in late summer after harvest but prior to normal defoliation.
Foliar symptoms vary from purple ring spots to vein-clearing.
Foliar treatments are the most common.
Foliar treatments can lower populations of foraging adults to acceptable levels.
Foliar wetness can intensify infection and subsequent damage.
A foliation is an architectural ornament
Foliation develops in response to directed stress during metamorphism.
Foliation has a coarse, wavy appearance.
Foliation indicates that A . directed pressure occurred during metamorphism.
Foliation is a common texture in most sedimentary rocks.
Foliation is the result of a directed pressure.
Foliation see planar fabric.
Foliations are applications.
Foliations are growth.
Foliations are parallel to the axial plane of the phacolith.
Foliations are production.
Foliations are stratification.
Foliations strike northerly to north and slightly west.
Folic acid appears to be a key compound in human nutrition.
Folic acid breaks down homocysteine and allows it to be removed from the blood stream.
Folic acid can also play other important roles during pregnancy.
Folic acid can also reduce the risk of certain birth defects of the brain and spinal cord.
Folic acid can help form a baby's brain and spine.
Folic acid can help prevent birth defects of the brain and spinal cord.
Folic acid can help prevent diseases of the brain and spine, called neural tube defects.
Folic acid can help prevent neural tube defects.
Folic acid can help reduce the risk of birth defects of the brain and spinal cord.
Folic acid can help that mechanism stay active.
Folic acid can prevent a brain and spinal cord birth defect called spina bifida.
Folic acid can prevent spina bifida when taken in the early days of pregnancy.
Folic acid can reduce a group of birth defects called neural tube defects.
Folic acid comes in several forms.
Folic acid cuts homocysteine levels.
Folic acid exerts important effects on hemapoiesis.
Folic acid fights heart risk factor.
Folic acid fills the nutritional gap that exists for many people.
Folic acid forms a vital function in the transport of coenzymes that control amino acid metabolism.
Folic acid has a hidden message.
Folic acid has a higher absorption rate than natural occurring folate.
Folic acid has many important benefits at high doses.
Folic acid has no known toxic level.
Folic acid has no known toxic levels.
Folic acid has no side effects.
Folic acid helps DNA, the genetic building blocks, repair itself.
Folic acid helps fight birth defects because it is so important in the development of new cells.
Folic acid helps nourish the skin and nervous system.
Folic acid helps prevent defects of the baby's spine.
Folic acid helps red and white blood cell formulation and the synthesis of hemoglobin.
Folic acid helps reduce homocysteine levels, which helps protect DNA from damage.
Folic acid helps reduce the risk of having a baby with brain and spinal cord defects.
Folic acid helps the baby's brain and spinal cord develop properly.
Folic acid helps the body make new red blood cells.
Folic acid helps the ovum mature.
Folic acid helps to control their behaviour.
Folic acid helps to prevent neural tube birth defects such as spina bifida and anencephaly.
Folic acid helps to reduce homocysteine .
Folic acid helps with the formation and maturation of red and white blood cells.
Folic acid improves phenytoin pharmacokinetics.
Folic acid induces growth of red blood cells and helps in cell division.
Folic acid inhibits homocysteine-induced proliferation of human arterial smooth muscle cells.
Folic acid is a B vitamin and is found in green leafy vegetables, nuts, beans and citrus fruits.
Folic acid is a B vitamin often found in fortified food products and vitamin supplements.
Folic acid is a B vitamin
Folic acid is a B-vitamin that can be found in some enriched foods and vitamin pills.
Folic acid is a carrier of one-carbon fragments which it transfers to various biochemical targets.
Folic acid is a cofactor for the metabolism of formic acid, a toxic methanol metabolite.
Folic acid is a key ingredient in preventing serious birth defects.
Folic acid is a key vitamin in human nutrition.
Folic acid is a necessary element needed for correct neural tube development.
Folic acid is a precursor for essential co- enzymes.
Folic acid is a preventative measure.
Folic acid is a special vitamin that can help prevent birth defects.
Folic acid is a supplement found in vegetables such as broccoli.
Folic acid is a type of vitamin, which is essential for the development of the foetus.
Folic acid is a very important vitamin as it controls functions for cell division.
Folic acid is a very safe B-vitamin.
Folic acid is a very safe vitamin.
Folic acid is a vital B vitamin.
Folic acid is a vital nutrient for cell division.
Folic acid is a vitamin essential for human growth and development.
Folic acid is a vitamin that is essential for all new cell formation.
Folic acid is a vitamin that is needed in pregnancy.
Folic acid is a vitamin that stimulates the formation of normal red blood cells.
Folic acid is a vitamin, found in fruit and vegetables, which everyone needs to help make blood.
Folic acid is a vitamin.
Folic acid is a water-soluble vitamin, and any excess consumed is rapidly excreted in the urine.
Folic acid is a water-soluble vitamin, and it can be produced by bacteria in the intestine.
Folic acid is absorbed in the intestinal tract and is stored primarily in the liver.
Folic acid is added to many vitamins and mineral supplements.
Folic acid is also an important counter to depression.
Folic acid is also critical for women of child-bearing age in order to have healthy babies.
Folic acid is also essentials.
Folic acid is also important in the synthesis of purines and pyrimidines.
Folic acid is also present in grapefruit.
Folic acid is also useful in the proper functioning of the entire central nervous system.
Folic acid is an essential B-vitamin for swine.
Folic acid is an essential nutrient found in all enriched grain products.
Folic acid is an essential nutrient required by the body in very small doses.
Folic acid is an essential nutrient vital to the production of red blood cells.
Folic acid is an essential vitamin found in meat, fresh fruit and vegetables.
Folic acid is another nutrient whose requirement appears to be substantially increased in pregnancy.
Folic acid is at the center of it.
Folic acid is B group vitamin found in leafy vegetables, fruits and organ meats.
Folic acid is chemical compounds.
Folic acid is contained in beetroot which helps in the normal tissue growth.
Folic acid is contained in many foods and in multivitamin supplements.
Folic acid is critical to the development of the nervous system of the fetus.
Folic acid is crucial to prevent neural tube defects in the developing embryo.
Folic acid is depleted through the use of many prescription drugs.
Folic acid is effective in the treatment of certain anemias and sprue.
Folic acid is especially important for women of childbearing age, pregnant or nursing.
Folic acid is essential during pregnancy to prevent neural tubular defects in the developing fetus.
Folic acid is essential for DNA synthesis and cell division.
Folic acid is essential for DNA synthesis and repair.
Folic acid is essential for DNA synthesis.
Folic acid is essential for the formation and maturation of red and white blood cells.
Folic acid is essential to a process that clears a substance called homocysteine from the blood.
Folic acid is essential to help the body grow and is vital for pregnant women and healty foetuses.
Folic acid is essential to neural tube development in the fetus.
Folic acid is extremely important for pregnant women and women in their childbearing years.
Folic acid is found in a wide variety of foods, including liver and raw vegetables.
Folic acid is found in citrus fruits, dark, leafy vegetables, beans, and peas.
Folic acid is found in fortified breakfast cereals and breads.
Folic acid is found in fresh, leafy green vegetables, beans, citrus fruits, brown rice, and liver.
Folic acid is found in green leafy plants, citrus fruit, fruit juice and legumes.
Folic acid is found in leafy green vegetables, beans, tuna and eggs.
Folic acid is found in leafy greens, nuts, seeds and beans.
Folic acid is found in leafy vegetables and liver.
Folic acid is found in liver, green leafy vegetables, peas, beans and some fruits.
Folic acid is found in many foods.
Folic acid is found in orange juice, dark leafy green vegetables and peanuts.
Folic acid is found in orange juice, leafy green vegetables, beans, liver, and fortified grains.
Folic acid is found in peanut butter, leafy green vegetables and oranges.
Folic acid is found in the germ in whole grains.
Folic acid is found in the wholes wheat toast, pita bread, pasta, orange and spinach.
Folic acid is found in yeast, liver, green vegetables, whole grain cereals and many other foods.
Folic acid is found mainly in green leafy vegetables, asparagus and liver.
Folic acid is found mainly in orange juice, green leafy vegetables, and beans .
Folic acid is found naturally in leafy green vegetables, beans, tuna, eggs and other foods.
Folic acid is found to be deficient in people with depression.
Folic acid is given routinely.
Folic acid is implicated indirectly in the prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Folic acid is important for brain function.
Folic acid is important for neurologic functioning and detoxification.
Folic acid is important for protein metabolism.
Folic acid is important for the development of the fetus.
Folic acid is important for women of all ages because it can help prevent heart disease and stroke.
Folic acid is indicated in chronic hemolytic anemias due to increased requirements.
Folic acid is involved in regulating homocysteine.
Folic acid IS just that important.
Folic acid is known for preventing birth defects.
Folic acid is known to be important in the development of the brain and spinal cord.
Folic acid is lost in foods stored at room temperature and during cooking.
Folic acid is metabolized into different forms in the body.
Folic acid is much more likely to bind to a cancer than to normal tissues or a benign tumor.
Folic acid is necessary for the synthesis of nucleic acids and the formation of red blood cells.
Folic acid is necessary to prevent spina bifida.
Folic acid is needed both before pregnancy and during early pregnancy.
Folic acid is needed for cell growth and protein synthesis in the rapidly growing baby.
Folic acid is needed for DNA synthesis.
Folic acid is needed for healthy brain and spinal cord development very early in the pregnancy.
Folic acid is needed for the health of the mucus membranes in the mouth.
Folic acid is needed in the first weeks of pregnancy for spinal development.
Folic acid is needed to make purines .
Folic acid is nontoxic in doses exceeding the daily requirement by several hundred-fold.
Folic acid is obtained from fruits, vegetables, beans and fortified grain products.
Folic acid is one chemical that appears to be particularly important.
Folic acid is one of the B vitamins.
Folic acid is one of the vitamins in the B-complex.
Folic acid is only one of the many nutrients required for health.
Folic acid is only one of the nutrients required for health.
Folic acid is present in foods such as green vegetables, liver, and yeast.
Folic acid is present in fruit and vegetables.
Folic acid is present in nearly all natural foods but can be damaged, or weakened, during cooking.
Folic acid is relatively inexpensive and often is included in multivitamin supplements.
Folic acid is required for transferring single carbon units.
Folic acid is safe and also prevents some serious birth defects in pregnant women.
Folic acid is stored primarily in the liver.
Folic acid is supplemented to help prevent anemia and potential pregnancy problems.
Folic acid is taken in tablet form once a day and has few side effects.
Folic acid is the form used in supplements and to fortify foods.
Folic acid is the key here.
Folic acid is the man-made form of an important vitamin called folate.
Folic acid is the man-made or synthetic form of the vitamin.
Folic acid is the man-made version of a B vitamin called folate.
Folic acid is the most prominent human vitamin deficiency.
Folic acid is the number-one ingredient in making a healthy baby.
Folic acid is the only vitamin that operates directly on genes.
Folic acid is the supplemental folacin form usually added to feeds.
Folic acid is the supplemental form of folate.
Folic acid is the synthetic B-vitamin form used in vitamin supplements.
Folic acid is the synthetic form added to vitamins and enriched foods.
Folic acid is the synthetic form of folate or folacin, which is found in food.
Folic acid is the term for the synthetic form of folate, a water-soluble vitamin.
Folic acid is the term used when a food is fortified with the vitamin.
Folic acid is used biochemically for nucleic acid synthesis and for other one-carbon transfers.
Folic acid is used to make red blood cells and important proteins like DNA .
Folic acid is useful in the treatment of folic acid anemia.
Folic acid is very important during pregnancy.
Folic acid is very important in brain development, and in preventing birth defects.
Folic acid is very important in pregnancy.
Folic acid is very important to reduce the chance of birth defects in babies.
Folic acid is well-known for preventing birth defects when taken in proper doses by pregnant women.
Folic acid needs for breeding and growth of nonhuman primates.
Folic acid occurs naturally in leafy vegetables like spinach and in orange juice and liver.
Folic acid occurs naturally in some foods and can also be taken in tablet form.
Folic acid offers protection from neural tube damage in unborn babies.
Folic acid plays a major role in lowering homocysteine levels.
Folic acid plays an important role in the prevention of neural tube birth defects.
Folic acid prevents birth defects.
Folic acid prevents neural tube birth defects.
Folic acid prevents serious neurological conditions like spina bifida.
Folic acid produces many health benefits.
Folic acid promotes the formation and maintenance of healthy gums and prevents periodontal disease.
Folic acid promotes the synthesis of the oxygen-carrying blood protein hemoglobin.
Folic acid reduces the chances of certain birth defects.
Folic acid reduces the level of an amino acid called homocysteine that clogs arteries.
Folic acid reduces the risk of neurological birth defects.
Folic acid reduces the risk of spinal defects.
Folic acid seems to be the most important single nutrient in providing protection.
Folic acid seems to play the key role in lowering homocysteine.
Folic acid seems to protect the brain's central learning and reasoning regions from shrinkage.
Folic acid works during cell growth.
Some folic acid is produced by the intestinal bacteria.
Some folic acid is synthesized by bacteria in the intestines.
Folie is disorder
Folies does have something to entertain everyone.
Folies is one of the few quintessential Las Vegas style shows left on the Strip.
Folies is unique in offering backstage tours.
Foliicolous lichens inhabit the surface of living leaves of vascular plants in tropical rainforests.
Folinic acid is administered with both therapies to help prevent some of the side effects.
Folinic acid is an active form of folic acid.
Folinic acid is drugs.
A folio is a book
Folio refers to the large size of a book.
Folios are an integral part of the initial approval of a teacher education program.
Folios are books.
Folios are oversized books , which are stored on the larger shelves nearer to or against the walls.
Folios are oversized books located on the west wall.
Folios are part of a larger push in the industry to offer mutual fund alternatives.
Folios are really big books.
Folios claim they offer greater tax efficiency than mutual funds.
Folios follow the Z's.
Folios offer fixed costs, diversification, and control of tax implications of investing.
Folios provide many of the same benefits.
Folios take the unnecessary risk, cost, and guesswork out of investing in stocks.
Folios always have a small f at the start of their call number.
A folium is a formation
Folia geobotanica et phytotaxonomica.
Folia phoniatrica et logopaedica.
Most folivorous primates tend to accentuate surfaces where food can be crushed.
Some folivorous rodents can reach much smaller sizes.
Folk art comes in many guises.
Folk art contains functional forms that are specific to a culture.
Folk art happens everywhere.
Folk art is a genre
Folk art is a specialty.
Folk art is a vital American tradition.
Folk art is also well represented in the region.
Folk art is art made by self-trained artists or trained artisans.
Folk art is by no means restricted to characteristic regional groups or rural arts.
Folk art is created by untrained artists who reflect their culture, often in a whimsical manner.
Folk art is done by original artist paintings in a visionary theme.
Folk art is exactly what it sounds like.
Folk art is genres.
Folk art is politically ambiguous.
Folk art is rural art.
Folk art is self-taught art made by the folk or people of an area.
Folk arts provide a cottage industry for many.
Folk arts showcase the creative power of tradition in contemporary life.
Folk artist have art stolen from their houses.
Folk artists find creativity from daily life.
Folk artists have the same rights as any artist.
Most folk artists are untrained artists who create their works as a hobby.
Most folk artists have little or no formal training.
A folk ballad is a song
A folk ballad is folk music
Folk ballads are of unknown origin and are usually lacking in artistic finish.
Folk ballads are still popular despite the invention of the television or the symphony orchestra.
Folk biology consists universally of a ranked taxonomy centered on essence-based generic species.
Folk costume is an essential element of ethnic identity.
Folk costumes are basically worn layer upon layer.
Folk culture is the foundation on which modern Romanian culture and art is based.
Folk customs come alive with dancing, singing, ethnic arts and crafts, drama and mime.
A folk dance is a social dancing
Folk dance becomes a means for recreation and bonding - a time for sharing sorrow and joy.
Folk dance has a fascinating history, it is fun to watch, fun to learn and , most of all fun to do.
Folk dance is the dance of the community, with moves that can be learned by a large group of people.
Folk dance is the dance of the people.
Folk dances are dances of the people.
Folk dances are important features of Mexican fiestas.
Folk dances are recreational activities.
Folk dances are the expression of feelings, thoughts and enjoyment of the people.
Folk dances are the rural extensions of the larger Indian population.
Folk dances are usually group forms that are passed from one generation to another.
Folk dances celebrate the history and traditions of a particular ethnic or national group.
Folk dances have intimate relations with every day lives.
Folk dances vary geographically.
A folk dancer is a person
Folk dancers can move for hours without asking for a break.
Folk dancing are social dancing.
Folk etymologies occur in many Romance languages as well as in English.
Folk etymology is an attempt to make sense out of the apparently senseless.
Folk etymology is etymology
Folk etymology is etymology.
Folk etymology is the study of fanciful but erroneous tales of the origins of words.
Folk festivals are a great platform to communicate one's history and heritage with others.
Folk festivals celebrate the rich tapestry of a community's cultural roots.
Folk festivals run the gamut of musical, ethnical and artistic genres.
Folk harp is a very misleading term, largely becayse of the invalidity of the term folk music.
Folk healers believe that the plant can be brewed to cure cancer.
Folk legend has it that it is impossibly tall.
Folk literature plays an important role in their religion, as well as in their education.
Folk magic is the magic of the common people, usually without elaborate ritual or preparation.
Folk medicine advises cranberry juice for urinary infections and kidney stones.
Folk medicine has long touted ginger as an effective aid to proper digestion.
Folk medicine is considered by many to be less harmful than chemical medication.
Folk memory does tend to be both long and accurate.
Folk music accompanies Anatolian people every single moment of their lives.
Folk music begins as the expression of a moment in time.
Folk music can be extremely effective.
Folk music comes from all the above.
Folk music comes from the folk.
Folk music embraces so many musical genres.
Folk music has rich variety.
Folk music helps to define the history of a people.
Folk music includes dance music, laments and ballads, and pastoral music.
Folk music is a small but growing part of the youth culture of Finland.
Folk music is a very broad genre.
Folk music is about people s lives.
Folk music is akin to punk music anyways.
Folk music is all about telling stories.
Folk music is also very popular.
Folk music is hear to stay.
Folk music is important to community life.
Folk music is music for everybody to play and listen to .
Folk music is music for everybody to play and listen to.
Folk music is music that has become part of a people's heritage through oral tradition.
Folk music is music that people use in their lives.
Folk music is music.
Folk music is musical compositions.
Folk music is passed down orally and copies of the melodies are available in a variety of formats.
Folk music is perhaps the most truthful form of human expression.
Folk music is popular music
Folk music is popular music.
Folk music is popular, as is folk poetry.
Folk music is steeped in the images of forest and woodland.
Folk music is still very much alive in Armenia and in the diaspora.
Folk music is taught at music schools and conservatories.
Folk music is the general term used to evoke the Traditional music of a given culture.
Folk music is the music an ethnic community uses to identify itself.
Folk music is the music of people.
Folk music is the music that rises naturally from a community.
Folk music is their route, their path because of the characters and the situations.
Folk music is unique because it relies heavily on an aural tradition to keep it alive.
Folk music is used to display American attitudes and give a feel for historical time and place.
Folk music is very exciting.
Folk music is very much alive in Poland.
Folk music is very original, pure traditional music.
Folk music is very participatory.
Folk music is what folk music does.
Folk music is, of course, a genre that revolves around the art of storytelling.
Folk music lives in the people.
Folk music lives.
Folk music offers a very accessible genre which retains a high quality.
Folk music records the pain, sorrow, joys, and affairs of the heart from a bygone era.
Folk music reflects the traditional styles and moods of Colombian society.
Folk music stems from an informal, oral tradition.
Folk music tells stories about people's lives and creates a sense of community.
Much folk music is timeless.
Folk musicians can be professional, semi-professional and total amateurs.
Many folk musicians learn to play the cuatro by reading tablature rather than musical notation.
Folk plays involve dances, songs, dramas and entertainments and similar cultural activities.
Folk psychology is here to stay.
Folk psychology is isolated from scientific explanations.
Folk psychology is primitive science.
Folk religion is part of the everyday lives of the people.
Folk religion is the order of the day.
Folk remedies abound for curing hiccups.
Folk remedies abound here.
Folk remedies abound.
Folk remedies are like a certain cardboard box.
Folk remedies serve many different functions to different people.
Some folk remedies contain lead.
A folk singer is a singer
Folk singers are singers.
Folk singers have it hard.
Folk singers perform as huge floats pass by.
Folk singers travel from schooner to schooner giving all a taste of their upcoming concert.
A folk song is a song
A folk song is folk music
Folk song is especially powerful as a symbol of the Vietnamese identity.
Folk song is part of folk music .
Folk song is part of folk music.
Folk songs are always simple songs, of simple people for simple people.
Folk songs are communal compositions.
Folk songs are folk music.
Folk songs are melodies with accompanying verses.
Folk songs are monophonic and traditionally sung without harmony.
Folk songs are ones that have been handed down from one generation to the next.
Folk songs are part of our oral tradition.
Folk songs are participatory, and children and staff are encouraged to sing along.
Folk songs are serious.
Folk songs are songs.
Folk songs are the primary source material for beginning music education.
Folk songs are the product of years of spontaneous editing by their communities.
Folk songs are what make our identity.
Folk songs represent the musical expressions of the common people.
Many folk songs are very practical.
Most folk songs change over the years.
Some folk songs demonstrate common dreams of people or criticize disgrace practices.
A folk tale is a story
Folk tales are a good place to begin.
Folk tales are also present here in theme and subject in good number.
Folk tales are fascinating and entertaining.
Folk tales are full of stories related to the great man.
Folk tales are stories that are passed on from generation to generation.
Folk tales are stories that have been passed down from generation to generation by word of mouth.
Folk tales are tales.
Folk tales are the myths of the race.
Folk tales are very important for they show how people think and what their values are.
Folk tales come from all different places around the world.
Folk tales exercise their reality and their relevance in a far deeper area of the soul.
Folk tales have a direct link to a community's social, cultural and historical values.
Folk tales have a special cultural significance in many works.
Folk tales have scores of tales of magical fairies and mighty wizards.
Folk tales possess the wisdom of the ages.
Folk tales prepare young people for life, as there are many lessons to be learned from the tales.
Folk tales provide insights into the values, customs and behaviors of a society.
Folk tales relate the legendary longevity of turtles.
Folk tales tend to be short, simple, and easy to tell.
Many folk tales go into surreal fares.
Most folk tales share several things in common.
Some folk tales involve orangutans mating with and kidnapping humans.
Folk traditions are still a part of village life.
Folk wisdom has it that carrying one in a pocket brings good luck.
Folk wisdom is filled with ghosts who refuse to rest in their graves until their stories are told.
Folk wisdom says that allergies are seasonal.
Folk wisdom says that there are two ways.
Folk wisdom says tornadoes produce the deep, rumbling sound of a large train moving close by.
Folk wisdom suggest looking for morels near elm, aple, ash, basswood and cherry trees.
FOLK also organises many stimulating cultural lectures and functions.
Folk are dying to go to our cemetery, just for the view - it's neat.
Folk are fearful going outdoors at night.
Folk are folk.
Folk artistes performing under the full moon bring alive the legends and the folklores of the area.
Folk ballads to contemporary songs often suggest a larger tale.
Folk chat about old times.
Folk dances A great overview of various folk and regional dances in India.
Folk guitar duos and local bands are common musical fare.
Folk have time to think, often days or weeks, before they follow up some wiki page.
Folk is a people
Folk is genres of music.
Folk is kin.
Folk is people.
Folk isa people.
Folk keeps chickens.
Folk legends about leprechauns and shamrocks add to the fun that surrounds it.
Folk meets jazz meets world music.
Folk places emphasis on lyrics and the human voice.
Folk talk about the right to bear arms, about their constitutional right to buy a gun.
Folk tend to buy where they can get loans.
Folks affected by the flooding are weary and resigned.
Folks already have the tools to enjoy art.
Folks also bring playful dreams to share round the group circle.
Folks also flock to the Superstition mountains for views of impressive saguaro cacti.
Folks also manage to miss trail markers designating the difficulty of the slope.
Folks also try telemark skiing, sit, bi and mono skiing.
Folks also turn their living rooms into restaurants, and serve for dollars.
Folks anxiously regard their wristwatches and make ready to leave for their workdays.
Folks appreciate theory and tidbits of useful information.
Folks are a little more laid back here than they are elsewhere.
Folks are a lot happier being in control of their own quality.
Folks are a tolerant bunch out there.
Folks are able to get whirling in the connected bowls, launching every which way they choose.
Folks are able to look for jobs online, and when they find one, they have the ability to print.
Folks are also devoted to their high school football.
Folks are also welcome to bring food in so they can dine while waiting for the show to start.
Folks are always kind of shocked to hear one decline the opportunity to serve without an apology.
Folks are always solicitous about the safe exit of the train from that point.
Folks are as carried away in Tampa as they are in Washington.
Folks are aware.
Folks are badly divided.
Folks are busy with their spring cleaning chores, and the animals are on the move.
Folks are certain that they possess the know-how and have earned the right to be rich.
Folks are creatures of habit.
Folks are different.
Folks are eager for houses and whatever they can afford.
Folks are everywhere.
Folks are fond of armadillos, but everybody is anti-ant.
Folks are fond of talking about what they are going to do when they get to retirement.
Folks are free to come and go as their schedules permit.
Folks are friendly and a pretty island.
Folks are friendly and happy to see visitors.
Folks are friendly and very community minded.
Folks are friendly out here in New Mexico.
Folks are friendly, the air is clean, and Perry County is a great place to be.
Folks are friendly.
Folks are generally as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Folks are half dead when they retire.
Folks are happy and are living in another world.
Folks are happy with the performance of it.
Folks are in a tizzy.
Folks are in favor of that.
Folks are in the hospital, there's a newsletter to get out.
Folks are interested in below decks photos.
Folks are interested in the length of time as measured in calendar time as opposed to versions.
Folks are just plain scared to head out on New Year s Eve.
Folks are just scared to death of technology.
Folks are line dancing.
Folks are most likely to keep fit if they engage in activities they enjoy.
Folks are much too loudmouthed and incompetent to pull off something like that.
Folks are on their way, all looking for love, sex, or both.
Folks are only responsible for the evening meal.
Folks are open to discussion only if they know their problems are being kept confidential.
Folks are out there enjoying the weather or just simply riding it out until spring.
Folks are paying their money, they deserve a show.
Folks are pretty friendly down there, especially as the beer coolers get lighter in the afternoon.
Folks are puttin' up houses, buildin' shops and schools.
Folks are ready to draw a line in the sand, and Baldwin Beach is the spot.
Folks are smarter than anyone thinks, on both sides of the screen.
Folks are smilin' as they leave town.
Folks are so quick to jump at conclusions and have themselves a hangin.
Folks are stunned and sad.
Folks are to bring new information they've come across lately.
Folks are too busy living their lives to spare the time.
Folks are too busy to waste time reading it.
Folks are unsure as to where to obtain their application.
Folks are usually surprised at how much is to be seen.
Folks are welcome to come by and tour the gardens any time, day or night.
Folks are welcome to discuss things here.
Folks are welcome to get cheaper service themselves.
Folks are welcome to pick and choose which to attend.
Folks are welcome to visit our sets.
Folks are what they are, and they have every right to be such.
Folks are willing to invest in a better community for all.
Folks are worried . . .
Folks are worried about comin' to Harlem and they betta.
Folks arrive from work at luxury hotels and small shops, anxious to learn the language of hula.
Folks become precinct committeemen for different reasons.
Folks becyem a bit narvy.
Folks begin by printing electronic stuff out.
Folks bring enough food for their own familes plus a little extra to share with others.
Folks bring their own picnic, wine, and cheese or order catered food in advance.
Folks browse our site for information on classes and then call to register.
Folks buy more books per person here than anywhere else.
Folks buying their dream cabin know what they want when they see it, apparently.
Folks call the booth from all over the world.
Folks call when people are rowdy and out of control.
Folks camp out for hours, even days to secure a spot along the parade routes.
Folks can also fill out an online form to add information to the firm's daily administrative memo.
Folks can also go off and see other sites around the area.
Folks can always run acroread on another system.
Folks can ban themselves from playing at the site for a period of seven days.
Folks can bring picnic dinners, blankets,chairs and enjoy the music in a perfect setting.
Folks can call our TOLL FREE number and get information on anything in the Grand Canyon area.
Folks can call the Heartwood office for more information.
Folks can fax or email a list of what they are looking for.
Folks can find their way to a bathroom or a public telephone without asking for help.
Folks can get a California perspective.
Folks can get a professional running site for a great price and make money online.
Folks can get away from where they're at.
Folks can launch their own satellites now.
Folks can learn basic Spanish, as well as more advanced and technical Spanish language skills.
Folks can log on to submit names of students.
Folks can pan and zoom MrSID-encoded images by downloading the free MrSID viewer.
Folks can paralell park on the short driveway to the center.
Folks can participate all week, or for one or more separate days.
Folks can pick and choose to attend only the talks they're interested in.
Folks can pick out their shifts beforehand, and have fun the rest of the time.
Folks can play on either outdoor fields or in indoor venues.
Folks can put the record on when reading the stories.
Folks can recreate their Alaska seafood experience at home.
Folks can relax and enjoy the sun or swim in one of the deep, clear pools along the way.
Folks can rest assured on the public side that all the city's business is being attended to.
Folks can see what the beans look like before roasting, and they can watch the process.
Folks can spot a phoney a mile away.
Folks can stay on if no one is waiting.
Folks can subscribe or unsubscribe to add or remove themselves from the list.
Folks can take years to make major buying decisions like a house or car.
Folks can tell who's ezines are serious and who's fluff by the number of ads.
Folks can usually unravel local deviations, though.
Folks can wail about the impending doom of a world moving too fast.
Folks can work all day, put their kids to bed, and start taking classes.
Folks celebrate the river's history with music, food, exhibits and demonstrations.
Folks chew the fat before dinner.
Folks clearly feel that the economy is slowing down.
Folks collect by cover artist, cover topic, genre, author, and publisher.
Folks come and go and leave helpful insights about community networks.
Folks come and go, as our pastor put it.
Folks come back to stay again and visit with the owners.
Folks come back year after year to their home away from home.
Folks come early and stay late.
Folks come for various reasons with different kinds of illness.
Folks come from afar to enjoy the freshwater lake.
Folks come from all ages and walks of life.
Folks come from all over the United States to Myrtle Beach to have the time of their lives.
Folks come from all over to stock up on our homemade cookies.
Folks come from all over, some even fly in by plane, to enjoy a meal here.
Folks come from all parts of the valley to participate in the festivities.
Folks come from all walks of life.
Folks come from far and wide to enjoy Walnut Grove s food.
Folks come from hundreds of miles away to shop our complete selection.
Folks come from many miles away to set up their booths and sell their wares.
Folks come from miles around just for the treat of having a cone or sundae made with the real thing.
Folks come from miles to get a taste great breakfast rolls, sandwiches, fries, pizza and more.
Folks come here to feast rather than seal a business deal.
Folks come here to gamble, eat and sleep at affordable prices.
Folks come in to ax atter 'em right peart.
Folks come to bathe in the sun and surf at Ocean City.
Folks come to the chat rooms with all kinds of thoughts and ideas and language.
Folks come to the open-air market each week to shop, browse and meet their friends and neighbors.
Folks come together, many a different kind.
Folks concentrate on the death, rather than living life as fully as they can.
Folks connect with honesty.
Folks constantly ask for suggestion of music to buy.
Folks constantly shock the psychotherapist's e-mail from all over the world.
Folks dare to hope that their financial worries can be erased.
Folks designing web sites are a dime a dozen.
Folks dig 'em.
Folks dig the fact that a diamond is effortlessly beautiful and as durable as a middle linebacker.
Folks disagree because they want to be disagreeable.
Folks dive at all times of the day and night.
Folks do kinda scatter to do their own thing during the day.
Folks do that all the time .
Folks doing a proper liver and bowel cleanse see dramatic difference.
Folks drive around the building and see the playground etc.
Folks drive over from Little Rock for lunch.
Folks enjoy a lecture series with a wide range of topics and activities.
Folks enjoy it all day long.
Folks enjoy strolling our Western Main Street and browsing through the gift shops .
Folks enjoy taking a family picnic to the farm and visiting the animals.
Folks enjoy watching high school players or maybe watching a big pro game on television.
Folks especially enjoy cruising through the many coves along the lakeshores.
Folks expect it to run as usual year after year.
Folks feel a greater sense of self-confidence when they have the skills to confront difficulties.
Folks feel pretty comfortable here.
Folks filter in from the slight evening chill, greeting one another with a wave or a shout.
Folks find it.
Folks find out.
Folks fish here in the summer for scup and fluke as well.
Folks forget old grudges.
Folks generally don t leak info to sabotage products.
Folks generally enjoy being helpful.
Folks get a kick out of taking their pictures by the house.
Folks get away with doing to black folks whatever they want, and it's time for it to stop.
Folks get defensive about their television habits, and they get defensive about their god habits.
Folks get grumpy when they opt-in to something and never get value for having done it.
Folks get pretty psyched when there's plenty of food around.
Folks get their news of fast-breaking events on radio or television.
Folks get there in the Red Truck .
Folks get together to choose the ugliest truck around.
Folks get together weekly to share two pages that each has written.
Folks go all out with their costumes.
Folks go out there and collect money, they do the work.
Folks go out, do the huckabuck, and live to regret it.
Folks go to other desks, other papers, or into management.
Folks hang around the spacious waiting area before boarding.
Folks have a certain way o' doin' things down here.
Folks have a little more time to chat and the hours just seem to whittle away.
Folks have a right to express themselves.
Folks have a special kinship to the genre.
Folks have all kinds of reasons to retire early.
Folks have boats in Africa.
Folks have disposals.
Folks have fun, eat well and are treated courteously by the semiformally attired waitstaff.
Folks have intercourse and experience method failures.
Folks have money in their pockets and they're feeling generous.
Folks have money, because they have been careful and frugal along the way.
Folks have more power to create trouble for the cemetery than people normally think.
Folks have pulled together, there's a lot of hope here.
Folks have schedules that vary day to day and week to week.
Folks have some strange notions when it comes to huevos rancheros.
Folks have the option of riding the elevator to the top, or riding the bus to the top.
Folks have the right to determine how that information is being used.
Folks have their feet up, junk is spread over every flat surface.
Folks have to ask themselves to whom they'd rather listen for four years.
Folks have to be really cautious.
Folks have to go through the usual process.
Folks have to have the right to make decisions that affect themselvs, even if they make bad ones.
Folks have to make it clear in their minds what the choices really are.
Folks have to save themselves.
Folks have unprotected intercourse.
Folks here appreciate and welcome new faces.
Folks here are fairly thrifty about electricity anyway.
Folks here are friendly and personable.
Folks here are friendly.
Folks here are just as relaxed about their intensity as they are about everything else.
Folks here are passionate about the quality of life and compassionate about their fellow citizens.
Folks here are passionate about what they do and committed to making an impact.
Folks here are suspicious of corporate intruders.
Folks here believe tearing down old buildings is pretty much nature's work.
Folks here claim the aisle seat first.
Folks here cure their own meats and sausages, make cheeses and gather eggs.
Folks here draw a line between right and wrong.
Folks here get up early to work, fish or hunt.
Folks here hope to have baby penguins before too long.
Folks here love the game.
Folks here love trees and the environment as much as Humboldt County residents do.
Folks here show their work in their faces.
Folks here understand that strong bladders make strong democracies.
Folks here wave to everyone.
Folks is confused about money .
Folks is fair afraid of the morning to see what's happened.
Folks is folks the whole world round.
Folks is funny.
Folks is in the way.
Folks is just folks.
Folks join in the circle and share their favorite inspirational songs.
Folks join up if two things are true.
Folks joke that the only reason new people end up here is the federal witness protection program.
Folks just couldn t get enough of that homemade soap.
Folks just end up making fun of new terms instead of old.
Folks just happen to be living near fault lines, and the population is increasing rapidly.
Folks just know to come.
Folks just live in some very inaccessible places.
Folks just load it in their browsers and print out as many as they want.
Folks just send few minutes and enjoy IR's western classic pieces.
Folks keep coming back, gushing, and sending their friends here.
Folks know each other.
Folks learn to keep their mouths shut.
Folks let's get thousands of communications heading out to the leaders.
Folks like to know what they are buying.
Folks like to say the valve body is an automatic transmission's brain.
Folks like to see ordinary people in extraordinary situations.
Folks like to see the same thing over and over again.
Folks like to vote at the same time, such as just before or after work.
Folks line up to watch.
Folks listen to each other more closely than they listen to the performers.
Folks literally line up at the door for our delicious homemade treats.
Folks live in manufactured homes because they are affordable.
Folks live longer healthier lives.
Folks living along the canal still wave to and chat with boaters passing by.
Folks living in rural New Mexico do that every day, just by going to the post office.
Folks looking for speed often pick a multi-chine hull.
Folks lose their jobs, inflation goes through the roof, and people start getting desperate.
Folks love beans and cornbread.
Folks love doing business with someone who gets it right.
Folks love the tacos, burritos, and enchiladas, and the salsas are addictive.
Folks love the tip a day programs.
Folks love the top down.
Folks make mistakes.
Folks meeting in a home are a church.
Folks mill around, still waiting, asking questions.
Folks never understand the folks they hate.
Folks now have the chance to buy many of their favorite techs at what is perceived as sale prices.
Folks nowadays are too sophisticated for that kind of nonsense.
Folks online like to browse.
Folks ought to know what they're getting into if they follow it.
Folks pay a hundred dollars for the privilege of hurling a frozen turkey at bowling pins.
Folks pay closer attention to the Bible.
Folks pay twice for the subway, first through taxes, and then through rent.
Folks plan vacations around such events.
Folks rationalize sin by explaining it away.
Folks recognize Wishful Thinking.
Folks regularly get together for jazz dancing, water therapy, bicycling and other sports.
Folks remember an uncommon silence - no birds, no crickets, no wind.
Folks remember one thing.
Folks remember who calls or visits when they re sick who even notices that they re missing.
Folks retire early up here after working hard all day.
Folks return year after year, as well as first time visitors, to see old and new friends.
Folks run for their TV screens or grab a phone to call friends.
Folks running the Bay are enthusiastic about the future.
Folks say it is very popular.
Folks say it's a big hire.
Folks say that sport is our escape from life.
Folks say the proof in good food is if the cook eats it.
Folks say they are our future.
Folks see everything before they eat it.
Folks seeking a new church fellowship or just checking out the congregation are always welcome.
Folks seem afraid to speak the alleged truth for some reason.
Folks seem fairly rapt.
Folks seem friendly enough in here.
Folks seem to be back where they started.
Folks seem to be doing very creative work on their private sites.
Folks seem to be flighty and seem to be running at the first hints of opposition.
Folks seem to be pretty happy with what they're getting.
Folks seem to be taking it pretty well, on the whole.
Folks seem to enjoy seeing what others have been able to do with our building plans.
Folks seem to evaporate after that noon hour.
Folks seem to grow further into their humanity, or judging from some stories, sometimes out of it.
Folks seem to have forgotten that loyalty is a two-way street.
Folks seem to like the occasional email reminder of dances and notices.
Folks seem to love or hate the book, but few are indifferent to it.
Folks seem to take an interest in carnage.
Folks share the deaths of husbands or wives.
Folks show up when they do.
Folks show up with everything from a typical Native American hand drums to djembes, etc.
Folks sign on, they chat with people, and they feel like they are right there.
Folks sign up.
Folks sit on lawn chairs along the sidewalks in front of their apartments.
Folks sittin back in the corner just watchin the night go by.
Folks sittin' up there just talking to each other.
Folks sleep better at night knowing that extremists are off the streets.
Folks sleep in it, phone at hand, to be ready in case of a surprise attack.
Folks slug because they like the comfort and flexibility of cars.
Folks snuggle cozily together as the air becomes a bit nippier riding to a peak.
Folks spend more, invest more and the federal treasury grows because of all the economic activity.
Folks stand in line for the food.
Folks stare in amazement as our huge floating city moves up and down the river.
Folks stay in three bunkhouses tucked amongst tall ponderosa pines right in our backyard.
Folks still hang out at the docks.
Folks still have a hard time understanding the power of one voice.
Folks still have most of the afternoon available for other activities.
Folks still have to exercise some judgments.
Folks still talk about farming in East Arkansas.
Folks still talk about that time fifty years ago.
Folks still wave at strangers.
Folks stop kicking homeless people in the face.
Folks stop while on walks to chat to each other and go out of their way to help neighbors out.
Folks submit logs using all kinds of scopes here.
Folks suffer through the incredible heat as best they can.
Folks sure can be stupid.
Folks surf the net, entering key words into search engines.
Folks swear by their particular remedy.
Folks swim in the lake, fish, and eat until they near about bust.
Folks swim, boat, and fish in freshwater.
Folks take a shower regularly but never think to cleanse their bloodstream.
Folks take care of their own.
Folks take what they want, when they want, and presumably return it as needed.
Folks talk of their farms and exchange a few yarns.
Folks tend to be career copy editors.
Folks tend to get caught in a cycle where they just roll over.
Folks tend to give up on topwaters because there are several crisp days in a row.
Folks tend to like to sit in silence.
Folks tend to speak louder than is necessary on wireless phones.
Folks tend to stay in the field instead of going back to town, since it much more cozy out here.
Folks tend to think if they're turned down, it's all over.
Folks tend to underestimate how potient a force for good fun can be.
Folks tend to use family history knowledge to say that Mennonites are German.
Folks tend to visit the sites they're most comfortable with most often.
Folks tend to want to get in and out on the weekdays and often have no time to dally.
Folks there are genuinely interested in making our community a healthier place to live.
Folks there are most helpful.
Folks there are nice, too.
Folks there do follow each newsgroup separately.
Folks there have a saddle shop with boot repair, leatherwork, blacksmith, and a library.
Folks there is a lot of entries here.
Folks there is an opportunity here.
Folks there say it's the oldest in the country.
Folks there say they are already getting used to the idea of mobs of reporters and satellite trucks.
Folks there say they have never seen any greater attacks on a project.
Folks there work the fields or the plants up along the river.
Folks think eating carbs is fattening.
Folks think it s is a possessive.
Folks transplanted to California pay the tax on all the cards they box and ship to our homes.
Folks try and fit a horse saddle on a mule and they hurt the mule's back.
Folks try though.
Folks try to fix their problems without looking for the cause.
Folks turn on their radio, and they hear it.
Folks turn to drugs, sex and liberal do-gooder work as a substitute for food.
Folks typically take the right channel.
Folks underestimate how much they are getting in any glass.
Folks understand the task but there is usually uncertainty as to how to proceed.
Folks understand what by a smile is meant . . .
Folks unsubscribe for various reasons.
Folks use chicken wire because the holes are small.
Folks use instant messagers for all sorts of reasons.
Folks use laundromats as their mailing address.
Folks use methods ranging from traps to fishing lines baited with worms.
Folks use the buzzword 'empowerment,' but many people have had their spirits broken.
Folks use to say that the sun never set on the British Empire.
Folks use tricks to mass advertize less than desirable channels and web sites.
Folks visit historic sites and view Indian pictographs along the way.
Folks visit the site when it's convenient.
Folks visit with each other.
Folks vote on chili by dropping money into each team's jar.
Folks walking by are suspects.
Folks wanting to download the manual can expect a marketing phone call.
Folks wear clothes.
Folks wear cowboy hats.
Folks wear red and green.
Folks wearing black just look good.
Folks wearing ties look like they being lynch.
Folks win elections that way.
Folks wonder about how their counterpart selves are connected.
Folks wonder at dat.
Folks work hard to scratch out existence - especially the women.
Folks work too hard for their money for their tax refunds go undelivered or unclaimed.
Folks worldwide are content with their personal relationships.
Folks always appreciate that.
Folks always ask, but the answer is no.
Folks always enjoy chatting about their pets.
Folks always feel free to come and go as they desire.
Folks always go for the seemier side of a subject, and religion is no different.
Folks always look good in their coffins.
Folks often carry small children in a back pack for babies in lieu of a stroller.
Folks often make a fuss about cleaning stuff up.
Folks often mistake condensation from poor ventilation as leak action.
Folks often refer to it as gravity, however.
Folks often skip text but never quotes or letters.
Folks often wax poetic about the romance of being a farmer.
Folks sometimes resort to portable space heaters.
Many folk are frightened when another questions the very ground of their belief.
Many folk bring picnic lunches and blankets and chairs.
Many folk have lists of links - only significant directories are worth adding.
Many folk look for facts about all kinds of subjects on the net.
Many folks access the web over slow modem connections.
Many folks are also willing to trade materials and cultures.
Many folks are amazed at the history and folklore of the Ozarks.
Many folks are busy preparing by painting their homes and preparing for the processions.
Many folks are critical of variable annuities.
Many folks are eager to sample some of nature's wild bounty.
Many folks are in a similar position.
Many folks are interested in learning more about indexing because they want to work from home.
Many folks are justifiably concerned about using credit card numbers on the Web.
Many folks are money poor but land wealthy.
Many folks are new to Scheme and some are new to functional programming.
Many folks are paralyzed and can t come up with an original idea.
Many folks are sure of what it is, but they all seem to think of it as something different.
Many folks are surprised about the relationship between the two.
Many folks are surprised to learn that daylilies come in more than just yellow and orange.
Many folks are tempted to feed table scraps.
Many folks are tired of hearing the old, old story.
Many folks are unaware that their employers provide such a program.
Many folks are uncertain about the security of their credit card numbers.
Many folks ask that question.
Many folks assume that such studies are meant to help cut budgets or staff.
Many folks attend church when the doors are open.
Many folks believe it can be just as bad when the wind is from the south.
Many folks believe that cassettes are on their way out.
Many folks believe they are in drastic decline.
Many folks bounce up from bed and begin to attend to the sweeping forces that each day brings.
Many folks breed and race pigeons.
Many folks buy or inherit hives from family, friends or local beekeepers.
Many folks call it the Constitution of the United States of America .
Many folks can eat only once a day without problems.
Many folks carry a spare snowsuit and boots.
Many folks choose to disagree.
Many folks claim to have their own special recipe for the best chili in the world.
Many folks come just to browse.
Many folks come several times a month.
Many folks consider it superior to the new version.
Many folks consider it worthless and unwanted.
Many folks consider summer a period for night fishing only.
Many folks create a special folder for sharing.
Many folks do just that.
Many folks do the opposite and find themselves in serious trouble.
Many folks do.
Many folks don t understand and put pictures straight out of digital cameras on their site.
Many folks don t want to move or relocate.
Many folks enjoy a picnic while on their raft trip.
Many folks enjoy brunch before leaving for a day at the track.
Many folks enjoy fishing in North Carolina's waters.
Many folks enjoy looking for gold the old-fashioned way, with a pan.
Many folks enjoy the social aspect of a job.
Many folks fall behind in debt payments.
Many folks feed their turtles live goldfish.
Many folks feel though a fixed knot provides better hookups.
Many folks find fish emulsion to be the perfect solution.
Many folks find it easier to leave their little ones at home.
Many folks find rubbing elbows with other collectors to be a boon.
Many folks find the encouragement for that in our Bible.
Many folks find their card debt piling up because they never eat away at the principal they owe.
Many folks focus on what they are doing wrong, but the winners figure out what they are doing right.
Many folks forge closer bonds with their pets than with actual family members.
Many folks get automatic primer feeds.
Many folks get nervous about salary negotiations.
Many folks get take-out, then hop on the T .
Many folks get upset when they feed birds and suddenly begin to get visits from hungry squirrels.
Many folks go on hunger strikes to draw attention to their cause.
Many folks go through life miserable and unsatisfied.
Many folks have a hard time imagining that.
Many folks have a hard time with the notion of reparations for slavery.
Many folks have a time-space continuum problem.
Many folks have faith in their families and background.
Many folks have messages to share-yet they go unheard.
Many folks have their letters printed regularly.
Many folks have their pacemakers read over the telephone.
Many folks have tree-formed yaupon hollies.
Many folks have yet to really take advantage of the Internet.
Many folks have yet to receive their order forms.
Many folks here subscribe to the traditional values of home, family, and hard work.
Many folks jump in with both feet and ask questions later.
Many folks just let the thing bleed through all day long.
Many folks just use the park to relax in a tranquil setting full of trees, flowers and wildlife.
Many folks know how to flyfish, but want to know where to fish when they get to the area.
Many folks know that chocolate can be fatal to dogs.
Many folks let their equity exposures ride.
Many folks like to find a magazine covering their birthdate.
Many folks like to have a light tent.
Many folks like to observe signs of nature or animals to see if they can predict the weather.
Many folks like to use a one liner describing their business.
Many folks love the outdoors, and nature.
Many folks love to garden, and growing healing plants seems like such a natural next step .
Many folks love to play billiards.
Many folks make a full weekend of it and rent rooms in the local hotels.
Many folks mistakenly say Great Britain when they talk about England.
Many folks never think ahead enough to bring a pump and patch kit.
Many folks now agree that they use the Internet most to check travel ideas.
Many folks offer a chrome screen for the front, but that rough black top is totally ignored.
Many folks pay for their time online, some by the amount of email they download.
Many folks qualify to help out in the concession stands, field preparation and parking.
Many folks really hate cookies, but they seem to be the best current solution.
Many folks refuse to endorse the program by purchasing a pass.
Many folks regard the rebates as their money wrenched back from the thieves in Washington.
Many folks reserve a couple months ahead, but availability can be limited by that time.
Many folks revere the Stars and Stripes almost as much as they do their Creator.
Many folks root for the bands involved.
Many folks run and run while having the time of their lives.
Many folks say that organic foods taste better.
Many folks seem intimidated by the installation process.
Many folks seem to come more for the social aspect than for any real competition.
Many folks sort minor league players into two categories.
Many folks spell it alot.
Many folks start tomato seeds indoors too early.
Many folks store their chairs on the back of their rig.
Many folks swear by hematite for increasing mental acuity and manual dexterity.
Many folks swear by split keyboards.
Many folks swing by asking questions and gathering ideas.
Many folks tend to feel more alive when they are struggling against something.
Many folks think estradiol is the best estrogen because it's the one that is made by our ovaries.
Many folks think it's a dusty old device that never made a difference.
Many folks think of chaos as the opposite of order - totally random events.
Many folks think the store is oriented to higher income households.
Many folks think their sins are pretty bad and are ashamed to face a priest.
Many folks try a rotary wire brush for ease of getting at the crevices.
Many folks try to avoid making mistakes.
Many folks turn to their credit cards to pay for travel.
Many folks use drugs recreationally for awhile without apparant harm.
Many folks use it anyhow.
Many folks use the simple chain and snap clip method.
Many folks use the waterfront to take a day or weekend journey out to sea.
Many folks wonder how they can test our flutes, piccolos and headjoints.
Many folks work in forestry and forest products industries.
Many folks worry about eggs left unattended during the egg-laying period.
More folks are out there along the lakefront and on the roads running.
More folks gather to admire posters.
More folks sign up for hundreds of dollars worth of door prizes.
Most folks usually do.
Most folk are secure and satisfied with their six- string.
Most folk find a happy medium.
Most folk have a favorite place to park themselves for a tasty meal or a cold one.
Most folk just click away happily and never pay attention to what they are installing.
Most folk keeps chickens.
Most folk know that grace is unmerited favour.
Most folk think of protectors.
Most folks agree on that.
Most folks agree that there is no such thing as a perfect match.
Most folks agree that there is very little preparation for being a parent.
Most folks apperciate that cold water can be dangerous.
Most folks are a little scared but eager to try.
Most folks are about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Most folks are afraid to tell it like it is.
Most folks are also unaware of how vulnerable their E-mails are to snoops and hackers.
Most folks are amazed.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Most folks are aware of what has been happening to the price of crude oil over the past two years.
Most folks are fair in their dealings.
Most folks are honest.
Most folks are in a position to purchase what they wish during the course of the year.
Most folks are in great ignorance about the qualities of a genuine spiritual master.
Most folks are just dumb as cotton.
Most folks are just plain scared at the thought of a tornado, let alone chasing one.
Most folks are just tired of the issue.
Most folks are just too involved with the story of their resumes to accurately judge the content.
Most folks are like a barb-wire fence.
Most folks are like the frog in the kettle.
Most folks are locals, who come back regularly for the great drinks at great prices.
Most folks are mainly interested in their branch of the family.
Most folks are no different.
Most folks are of Average appearance.
Most folks are pleasantly surprised when they find out the value of their unwanted music.
Most folks are pretty reasonable.
Most folks are ready to go home by the time the third set is starting.
Most folks are right-eye dominant.
Most folks are sick of it.
Most folks are simply unaware of the regulation.
Most folks are smart enough to understand why parking restrictions are needed and willingly comply.
Most folks are so attached to the body, they come to think of it as sacred.
Most folks are surprised that there is such a variety of choice in both accomodation and activities.
Most folks are too busy making ends meet and taking care of themselves and their families.
Most folks are too stupid to notice the significance of that anyway.
Most folks are tougher on themselves than on anybody else.
Most folks are whiskey and champagne drinkers.
Most folks associate the word technology with computers, and satellites, and things digital.
Most folks believe that a cognitive based therapy works best.
Most folks blame leaking basements on high water tables.
Most folks bring picnic supplies.
Most folks bring their furniture on their second visit and stay for a lifetime.
Most folks buy a house and plan to live there for ten years, at least.
Most folks call it terrific.
Most folks can deselect the sample photos.
Most folks can empathize that far.
Most folks can go a long way on a little appreciation.
Most folks can live with that.
Most folks can only dream of being president.
Most folks can see right through 'thin' efforts.
Most folks can tell the difference when the rib is cooked right.
Most folks carry no identifying information on their keychain.
Most folks choose to belong to both lists, and thus there is a tremendous overlapping of membership.
Most folks come to neighborhood meetings for social as well as civic purposes.
Most folks comment on how pretty the brain tan dress looks.
Most folks consider selfish people as bad.
Most folks cruise all three bars.
Most folks define their business too narrowly.
Most folks deride so-called hybrid bicycles as being the worst of both worlds.
Most folks do fine with jeans and a polarfleece jacket or sweater and windbreaker.
Most folks do it the hard way and just add some and try it, add more if needed, etc.
Most folks do prefer to rent one of our fleet rather than do the airport run around.
Most folks do the standard essay.
Most folks do.
Most folks don t remember how they came to Calgary, and how they ended up on the street.
Most folks dress casually.
Most folks drown voles in a five gallon bucket of water.
Most folks eat it on crackers with cream cheese.
Most folks end up seeing it on the tube.
Most folks engage in their search for a partner and then hope for the best.
Most folks envision a wine shop as a bastion of civilization.
Most folks feel losing a lure or two is the trade-off for getting the bites.
Most folks find the museum more worthwhile.
Most folks find the process overwhelming and give up.
Most folks generally refer to the coffee machine as a coffee maker .
Most folks get a about a half a dozen.
Most folks get enough phosphorous with their choice of a complete fertilizer.
Most folks get too much protein.
Most folks give it a bang on the side and keep working.
Most folks give quite simply to help others.
Most folks give their experience pretty high marks.
Most folks go down to the overlook, ooh and aah, then turn around.
Most folks go from warm house, to warm car, and back again.
Most folks go in their rooms and work alone.
Most folks go to the beach to relax.
Most folks go to the movies to leave their troubles behind.
Most folks go to the remote outpost first and spend the second half of their stay at the lodge.
Most folks greet the holidays as a time of celebration, or at least they pretend to.
Most folks hate to do their taxes.
Most folks have a hard time noticing that anything is going on from a distance.
Most folks have a preference either for using mouse clicks or for keystroke combos.
Most folks have a strategy for avoiding lines.
Most folks have difficulty answering open ended questions.
Most folks have dreams and aspirations.
Most folks have little feel for the emptiness of space.
Most folks have no concept of the just how much fat is in the rest of milk and dairy.
Most folks have no idea exactly what they have in their library.
Most folks have no idea what goes on under the hood, nor do they care.
Most folks have no idea what it means.
Most folks have one PA for multiple services.
Most folks have other full time obligations and work on their camera evenings and weekends.
Most folks have questions before signing up.
Most folks have some sort of opinion about genetic engineering.
Most folks have some trouble tolerating it in high dosages.
Most folks have trouble spelling it.
Most folks have two jobs, one for summer and one for winter.
Most folks have.
Most folks heading south for the winter usually end up in Florida.
Most folks imagine that the pioneers sat around their campfires eating beef jerky and corn dodgers.
Most folks immediately notice less lint in their dryers and less pilling.
Most folks inadequately prune their grapes and end up with numerous small clusters of small grapes.
Most folks involved in the restaurant business agree it's a tough job to be in.
Most folks just assume it was done with a piece of oak wood.
Most folks just assume that it's another ubiquitous daypack.
Most folks just come in through our back door since it is right off the parking lot.
Most folks just ignore it all.
Most folks just join the wyc mailing list.
Most folks just leave it alone.
Most folks just list their fave and ignore their least favorite.
Most folks just love living here.
Most folks just pick one of the big boys.
Most folks just throw their hands up and say that herbs don t work.
Most folks just use a standard parallel cable to print.
Most folks just wear the stole and tassel.
Most folks keep octos by themselves but there are exceptions.
Most folks know about rain and snow.
Most folks know better.
Most folks know that paper tubes are cheap.
Most folks know that.
Most folks know well the location of the polling places.
Most folks learn some things from their own experienced.
Most folks lie about their situation in the reverse.
Most folks like to do it themselves, or pay ungodly amount and have a dealer do a repair.
Most folks like to sprinkle a little vinegar over their turnip greens.
Most folks like to talk about what they do, and farmers are no exception.
Most folks like to think well of themselves.
Most folks live among the hills and ridges above the town.
Most folks live here and work in neighboring towns and cities.
Most folks look at a site as an information tool only.
Most folks love to receive packages in the mail.
Most folks make a remembrance page for their adopted.
Most folks manage to install and configure their MacSLIP in a few minutes.
Most folks never do it the same way again.
Most folks never notice how easy it is to wander from one timeline to another.
Most folks now use plastic trailers but the old pork is hard to beat.
Most folks nowadays do it just one way, with the common incandescent light bulb.
Most folks opt for something between one and three hours.
Most folks participate because that's what they prefer to do.
Most folks periodically create new email accounts when the spamming gets out of hand.
Most folks place two or three orders when building a new home.
Most folks prefer a dresser with a separate drawer for each type of clothing.
Most folks prefer hiking trails, open space, fishing, dog parks, and, yes, mountain bike trails.
Most folks prefer it warmed, with ice cream.
Most folks prefer stranded wire.
Most folks prefer to be treated fairly and pay a fair profit to a retail seller.
Most folks prefer to keep their personal finances private.
Most folks prefer to live in something more permanent than a tent.
Most folks probably think of the harp as a classical instrument.
Most folks read the Bible and see only Jewish history or lessons in morality.
Most folks rely on word of mouth to keep family recipes and memories alive.
Most folks replace the entire wiper blade.
Most folks report achieving a smoother hop flavor and aroma.
Most folks require and are interested in a number of different dental services.
Most folks resist change for the sake of change.
Most folks run far left, some run far right, a few daring souls drop down the center.
Most folks say it s the biggest, most complete candy store they ve ever seen.
Most folks say one to one and a half hours per pound of brisket.
Most folks say they still shop that way.
Most folks search for and find sites and individual pages from the Web .
Most folks see it flying away or heading for cover.
Most folks seem to agree that people's attention spans shorten when they go online.
Most folks seem to be having a smooth experience getting up and running and getting online.
Most folks seem to be in the dark about that.
Most folks seem to end up specializing.
Most folks seem to except the official why .
Most folks seem to get in some form of physical activity several days a week.
Most folks seem to have phones and internet hookups are readily available.
Most folks seem to like it.
Most folks seem to stick to the classics when searching the Internet.
Most folks seem to think so.
MOst folks seem to think that a regenerator is nil on selectivity.
Most folks sell at wholesale.
Most folks simply bundle things into bags or boxes and make a guess of value.
Most folks simply lie low, emerging once in a while to complain guardedly about the electoral scam.
Most folks simply make themselves sick by keeping hostility bottled up inside.
Most folks spell it backwards and get backward results in their life also.
Most folks spend a lot of time here struggling to adjust.
Most folks spend precious little time considering public affairs at all, much less the finer points.
Most folks spend their entire career working at one center.
Most folks start out way too low.
Most folks stay put once they retire.
Most folks stay up until midnight, when fireworks are lit to drive away evil spirits.
Most folks still haven t caught on to the concept of circle hooks.
Most folks still prefer to do business with companies they like and trust, even in cyberspace.
Most folks stop by on their way to the trendier hotspots.
Most folks stop hearing and start cussing somewhere around the word lazy.
Most folks struggle with the issue of 'who' they are and who they're supposed to be.
Most folks suspect that butter is all fat.
Most folks take a few weekend getaways and maybe a big, two-week trip during the year.
Most folks take dabs of several chilies.
Most folks take several days.
Most folks take sports simulations for granted.
Most folks tend to use maps for finding their way about and making travel plans.
Most folks think air traffic control is mainly at the airport.
Most folks think back over their day at sunset.
Most folks think of acupuncture and picture thin needles.
Most folks think of homosexuality as oral sex, which it is, but it is much more than that.
Most folks think of it as a group of people who share a particular place in the world.
Most folks think of spring as a time for birds to come back, and to nest.
Most folks think of the things that are needed financially, logistically, etc.
Most folks think perfumes are benign.
Most folks think that once they learn something new, the changes happen all at once.
Most folks think the odds are the same either way on either show.
Most folks thinks it's just dirt.
Most folks try to be generous first before they've become selfish enough.
Most folks try to get the gym or run errands earlier in the day so they can rush to work.
Most folks use a fanny pack.
Most folks use all lower case for simplicity.
Most folks use bamboo poles.
Most folks use the directory as the root of an organized hierarchy of directories.
Most folks use the one nearest the road.
Most folks use the terms interchangeably.
Most folks use their attics, garages, or backyard storage buildings for extra storage space.
Most folks use their callsign here.
Most folks vote for the lesser of two evils.
Most folks wonder how their e-mail address winds up in the hands of a spammer.
Most folks work hard for their money.
Some folks always seem to be in a hurry, even in their leisure time.
Some folk are just tired.
Some folk are just too busy checking their watches to notice.
Some folk are like volcanos.
Some folk are wise, and some are otherwise.
Some folk believe in salvation by denomination.
Some folk brag about it.
Some folk buys cats.
Some folk can just stay lean all year 'round.
Some folk die accidentally as a result of their own misadventures.
Some folk do.
Some folk find other online folk in multiuser domains, or MUDs.
Some folk keeps finches.
Some folk never stop moving, others drive their roots down solidly and never budge again.
Some folk possesses birds.
Some folk possesses chickens.
Some folk possesses dogs.
Some folk prefer a more elaborate lighting system than other homeowners do.
Some folk prefer friends.
Some folk prefer positive angles.
Some folk produce speech in a virtually feedforward more.
Some folk raises cattle.
Some folk raises chickens.
Some folk raises horses.
Some folk raises pigeons.
Some folk raises rabbits.
Some folk rides horses.
Some folk rides ponies.
Some Folk Say .
Some folk say yes, others say no.
Some folk seem to think that large lobsters are tougher or less flavorful than small lobster.
Some folk spend time wondering about the origin of the universe.
Some folk still love it to bits .
Some folk swear by using compost with added water retaining granules.
Some folk think so, but there are tales to the contrary.
Some folk travel from overseas to attend, hundreds come from all over the North Island.
Some folk use oregano in their chili.
Some folk use the laundry disks.
Some folk watches horses.
Some folks actually feel like their life is pretty bad.
Some folks actually seem concerned about it.
Some folks add finely chopped onion.
Some folks add planers or downriggers to the mix if the fish are feeding deep.
Some folks add some turpentine also.
Some folks also can afford to buy special potting mix blends which generally work fine too.
Some folks also experience nausea, abdominal discomfort, and bloating.
Some folks also like to start broccoli, brussels sprouts, cabbage and cauliflower indoors now.
Some folks also like to wear gloves when it is warm to improve their grip and to prevent blisters.
Some folks also take additional steps to reduce insect populations in their garden soil.
Some folks also think the friendliest people in the country live here.
Some folks also wear fleece or wool socks for extra warmth.
Some folks apparently find the content there to be pornographic.
Some folks apparently have nothing better to do.
Some folks appear to have a misguided notion about the Web.
Some folks appear to have legitimate grievances.
Some folks appropriate song lyrics , or marketroid buzz-phrases .
Some folks are able to orgasm exclusively from anal stimulation.
Some folks are absolute lunatics and scare-mongers.
Some folks are addicted.
Some folks are after a very subdued top that relies on enhancing the colors rather than figure.
Some folks are all right until they get two pairs of britches.
Some folks are also rather good at it.
Some folks are amazed that the comet can still be there.
Some folks are amazing.
Some folks are better off buying seperates.
Some folks are born made to wave the flag, ooh, they're red, white and blue.
Some folks are certainly underemployed.
Some folks are comfortable typing online extemporaneously.
Some folks are concerned about the prescribed fire.
Some folks are concerned about wearing contact lenses while in character.
Some folks are creative, and some are just plain nuts.
Some folks are dense beyond belief.
Some folks are determined to get thinner, some to get stronger.
Some folks are downright obscene.
Some folks are fond of boas, Or other kinds of snakes.
Some folks are here nearly every day.
Some folks are HTML gurus while others are style fanatics and yet others are programming gods.
Some folks are in a position where they can do most of the work themselves.
Some folks are insistent about a certain translation.
Some folks are into cars, some folks are into guitars.
Some folks are just good at making money by helping people.
Some folks are just mentally ill.
Some folks are just plain anticapitalist.
Some folks are just that way.
Some folks are just way out there.
Some folks are lactose intolerant.
Some folks are lees fortunate than others.
Some folks are like buzzards.
Some folks are lucky enough to have a home on the lake with a beautiful view of the mountains.
Some folks are more diplomatic and some are more independent.
Some folks are more selective about knowing the reason or source behind the abandoned food.
Some folks are morning folks.
Some folks are much faster.
Some folks are much more attractive to insects than others.
Some folks are natural web page designers.
Some folks are never satisfied.
Some folks are new to the scene and some are seasoned professionals.
Some folks are newcomers to the area and maps are a great help.
Some folks are numbers people.
Some folks are old fashioned only because old fashioned never quit being right.
Some folks are probably better off keeping their emotions bottled up .
Some folks are qualified to make lots of decisions about their work.
Some folks are quite different from one another.
Some folks are really nervous.
Some folks are required to give such an accounting, others do it for personal time management.
Some folks are right.
Some folks are simply harder on their equipment than others.
Some folks are skilled at false obliging.
Some folks are so dumb, they have to be watered twice a week.
Some folks are the opposite.
Some folks are too busy making ends meet to get involved in political campaigning.
Some folks are two-fingered typists and prefer to pound on the keys.
Some folks are understandably nervous about sending such information across the Internet.
Some folks are up in arms because of men's sports program cuts at Nebraska and Kansas universities.
Some folks are upset about the questions focusing on plumbing in each person's house.
Some folks are very elaborate with their decorative efforts, while others are quite simple.
Some folks are VERY serious about that.
Some folks are willfully blind and it has nothing to do with their eyesight.
Some folks are wise, and some are otherwise.
Some folks argue that post-surgical transsexuals are no better off then before the surgery.
Some folks ask about our ideology.
Some folks asks for a definition of 'ordering semantics'.
Some folks assume that safety and profitability are incompatible.
Some folks assume that the time to study a new initiative is after it has stabilized.
Some folks automatically filter out messages based on the subject line.
Some folks avoid the malls, enjoying the luxury of personal shoppers.
Some folks begin clapping along.
Some folks begin with a central flower such as a rose.
Some folks believe a tomato is a vegetable.
Some folks believe being single is fun.
Some folks believe children are our future.
Some folks believe getting ahead involves being lucky.
Some folks believe in demons at face value in exactly the same way the Bible speaks of demons.
Some folks believe in the disease model.
Some folks believe so.
Some folks believe that an orb is the physical manifestation of the spirit, or soul of the departed.
Some folks believe that cats have their own language.
Some folks believe that it's better to be lucky than smart.
Some folks believe that logs from the old church later became mantel pieces in local homes.
Some folks believe that teaming up diminishes an organization's effectiveness.
Some folks believe that their sole obligation is to their administrator and supervisor.
Some folks believe that there are apostles today and many even call themselves apostles.
Some folks believe that.
Some folks believe their bills are incorrect.
Some folks bend the tops of the poles over to created a wickiup with a nearly flat roof.
Some folks bring extra tee shirts for a quick change during the break.
Some folks bring ice chests and their own food and there is a gourmet take-out delicatessen in town.
Some folks build a business deal after deal.
Some folks build a solar electric system for just a selected room or a few circuits and appliances.
Some folks build instant boats on race day.
Some folks buy expensive, freeze-dried specialty meal items from outfitter stores.
Some folks buy one each year for each of their children.
Some folks buy sensors as standalone components also.
Some folks buy whatever strikes their fancy, and that's what they run.
Some folks call it Chicago pizza.
Some folks call it data.
Some folks call it difficult or rambunctious.
Some folks call it rabble-rousing.
Some folks call it real life.
Some folks call it teaching, or mentoring or coaching.
Some folks call our products workstations.
Some folks call points like that cusps .
Some folks call the label.
Some folks can drive the trail in only an hour.
Some folks can hypersecrete acid for a couple to a few weeks after ppi use.
Some folks can identify the type of scat from years of observation.
Some folks can look so busy doing nothin' that they seem indispensable.
Some folks can look so busy doing nothin' that they seem indispensible.
Some folks can look so busy doing nothing that they seem indispensable.
Some folks can never get enough chocolate.
Some folks can pull off an online persona.
Some folks can see it plain.
Some folks capitalize the word of focus and others capitalize their entire headline.
Some folks carry more, some less.
Some folks carry the guilt of their mistakes for a life time.
Some folks cheat and just read down a half step.
Some folks choose to marinade the brisket.
Some folks claim lightning never strikes more than twice.
Some folks claim there's dreams, sweat, tears, or corn in that there baseball.
Some folks claim they are fleeing big cities to experience New England living for a change.
Some folks claim to be satisfied.
Some folks claim to have found syringes in diet-pop cans.
Some folks clearly take the funny pages too seriously.
Some folks collect badges and insignia.
Some folks collect books.
Some folks collect coins, others collect stamps.
Some folks collect stamps, others collect china plates.
Some folks collect way-strange things.
Some folks come a couple of times every week.
Some folks come as elaborate teams, with buses they travel in style.
Some folks come by it naturally.
Some folks come early for breakfast.
Some folks come early for fellowship.
Some folks come for a day while others stay for years.
Some folks come here for school and never leave after graduation.
Some folks complain about the paperwork and bother involved in registration.
Some folks compute the following.
Some folks confuse the walks with a counseling session.
Some folks consider it a compliment to be called a survivor.
Some folks consider the springtime in Georgia to be the loveliest time of year.
Some folks cook up a bunch of bacon in their cast iron skillet and leave the grease sitting there.
Some folks cover the top of their dirt with solid moist layers of newspaper.
Some folks crave an extreme home-theatre experience, but live in a small home or apartment.
Some folks decorate around the colors that they look best in.
Some folks defend the guy's vision, passion and technique.
Some folks define accessibility as personality.
Some folks devote themselves to cars and other toys.
Some folks disagree and think a lengthy prison term was in order.
Some folks dive into exercise without any information.
Some folks dive through the falls.
Some folks do better on term papers and other expressions that allow time for deeper thought.
Some folks do it and everything s hunky dory.
Some folks do it tacitly, by really touching someone.
Some folks do like the printed version, too.
Some folks do nothing but deal - they never rear any insects on their own.
Some folks DO read and follow each step religiously.
Some folks do the same thing with caffeine.
Some folks do use history as a tool.
Some folks DO want to have a nice framed, matted print they can hang on their walls.
Some folks do well for a time, and then lose patience with the necessary discipline.
Some folks do.
Some folks don t have to, but that alone isn t any reason to sing the blues.
Some folks don t want to compromise when it comes to blindingperformance in a long track package.
Some folks drink a little beer too.
Some folks drink when they're happy, other folks drink when they're dry.
Some folks drink when they're happy, Other folks drink when they're dry.
Some folks drive up just to see the beauty and hike around in it.
Some folks drown when their hair gets sucked down the tub drains.
Some folks eat em toasted, with almond butter, or slathered with cream cheese.
Some folks eat it like oatmeal with sugar and milk while others love it plain.
Some folks eat the fronds mixed in with other greens.
Some folks eat there so regularly they have their own coffee mugs.
Some folks economize by eating a light breakfast in their room.
Some folks effectively use toothpaste.
Some folks end up making lots of flasks before one bounces.
Some folks endow a birthing cabin just to help out the midwife program.
Some folks enjoy hunting and fishing.
Some folks enjoy slapstick humor with their magic, some like big illusions.
Some folks enjoy the challenge of a new video game.
Some folks equate items in uppercase letters with shouting.
Some folks even allow moving graphics to cover all of their site.
Some folks even decide to attend church more faithfully.
Some folks even drink tea.
Some folks even enjoy the experience.
Some folks even feel the urge and have the guts to try it themselves.
Some folks even find their future spouse at camp.
Some folks even get edgy when they see their tax dollars buying new pencils.
Some folks even go as far as leaving their vehicle unlocked.
Some folks even have new tops with the embossed oil weight.
Some folks even hook up through their satellite phones.
Some folks even leave graphics, etc.
Some folks even make a thick mud shelter to help hold the heat.
Some folks even pay for help finding a job.
Some folks even raise chickens in thier apartments in the city and from all walks of life.
Some folks even replace a few green leaves back in the nest bowl.
Some folks even ride by on horseback.
Some folks even sprinkle vibhuti in a bucket of water and use it for cleaning.
Some folks even swear by the healing power of the proper hot drink.
Some folks even think it was beginning to smell.
Some folks even think that running in highs and lows makes for genius.
Some folks even use glacial ice to pack into coolers because it lasts so long.
Some folks eventually achieve completely independent living arrangements.
Some folks express themselves by personalizing their cars.
Some folks fantasize many times a day, while others can go for weeks without an erotic thought.
Some folks fear or hate trees.
Some folks feel more confident if they have a formula to use.
Some folks feel that their turn comes up much too often or at an inconvenient time.
Some folks feel that traffic signals are but a nuisance and interfere with personal freedom.
Some folks feel they attract the negativists and whiners.
Some folks feel uncomfortable putting pictures of themselves on their profile pages.
Some folks find benefit to their bowel regularity through walking.
Some folks find fault with everything and some have no fault to find.
Some folks find it too grating, and that often becomes an obstacle they find impossible to get past.
Some folks find more excitement in coon hunting than politics.
Some folks find soft shell lobsters to be sweeter, more tender, and more flavorful.
Some folks find the atmosphere a bit too raunchy for their tastes.
Some folks find the layout of the so called 'easy to use icons' confusing.
Some folks follow the traditional recipe, some add chopped walnuts or a few cranberries.
Some folks get a bit impatient, though.
Some folks get a bit stimulated by pseudoephedrine, similar to caffeine.
Some folks get a new account and never bother to deal with mail still coming to the old one.
Some folks get a new set of tires that LOOK like the originals, and call that good enough.
Some folks get deathly serious about their ancestors.
Some folks get here and simply turn around and head back.
Some folks get no respect.
Some folks get that strange effect.
Some folks get tons of it.
Some folks get too involved in pondering and studying demons.
Some folks give advice to the wrongly accused with the best of intentions.
Some folks give ice in the winter.
Some folks give once a year, every once in a while, or every month.
Some folks go a little overboard celebrating it.
Some folks go ahead and make up a seasoned meat sauce and freeze that.
Some folks go all out, using thousands of lights to outline and decorate their homes.
Some folks go an extra step to make sure the customer is satisified.
Some folks go beyond the business realm and include personal friends.
Some folks go further still.
Some folks go on to halfway house and most continue in some kind of aftercare or relapse prevention.
Some folks go out on that limb and get seriously hurt, ruining their credit.
Some folks go so far as to hot-wire their furnace to the generator.
Some folks go through life with their eyes closed.
Some folks go to extremes to save a buck.
Some folks go to the doctor . . . because they want somebody to visit with.
Some folks go to the other extreme.
Some folks grab the black jelly bean early in life.
Some folks grow small forms a zone or two further north as die-back perennials.
Some folks grow up here and never leave to go to school.
Some folks habitually avoid all administrative posts.
Some folks has the knack of making things last.
Some folks hate blacks.
Some folks hate that onscreen keyboard.
Some folks hate travelling.
Some folks have a considerably greater relative investment in series than others.
Some folks have a problem with that.
Some folks have a problem with too much gas.
Some folks have a tough time finding files on their own PCs.
Some folks have a very long memory - especially when the case involves a nation wide audience.
Some folks have a widening of the foot as they grow older, until the foot splays .
Some folks have all the fun.
Some folks have all the luck.
Some folks have an opinion about everything.
Some folks have better things to do than talk to total strangers.
Some folks have blinding headaches and other symptoms of physical misery.
Some folks have great needs to whitewash facades of religious-looking stoutness.
Some folks have it in for the bait fishermen.
Some folks have lists of dates and ayanamsha values that they follow.
Some folks have lots of time to spend learning and are eager to get a fast start.
Some folks have more money than brains.
Some folks have more natural ability and more depth of experience.
Some folks have more yard signs than they do yard plants.
Some folks have multiple roles to play every day.
Some folks have no choice but to put their kids in public school.
Some folks have NO clue how to pull off grey and black and shit like that.
Some folks have no life.
Some folks have no problem, and others have a problem even two hours out from sleep.
Some folks have no sense of material strength.
Some folks have no symptoms at all.
Some folks have older computers with limited disk drive space and ram resources.
Some folks have other problems, too.
Some folks have problems receiving very long messages because of the speed of their modems.
Some folks have problems with long messages.
Some folks have rode from near to far and looked at all the bikes there are.
Some folks have so much gear that it boggles the mind.
Some folks have some pretty elevated notions about the value of money.
Some folks have that talent.
Some folks have the idea that the church is supported by the diocese or other resources.
Some folks have to quit suddenly.
Some folks have to step up.
Some folks have too-long answers to questions nobody is asking.
Some folks have.
Some folks help an adult child buy a first home or bankroll a grandchild's education.
Some folks here prefer to water everything briefly every day or so.
Some folks hope so.
Some folks hunker down and watch a movie, read a book, or nap.
Some folks ignore the restrictions, giving their greenery a drink whenever they please.
Some folks indeed believe numbers have special significance.
Some folks insist that dancing is steps and moves and feet and brains and routines.
Some folks insist that there is no friction involved in electricity.
Some folks is lazy.
Some folks just add ornamentation wherever it fits within the shape of the instrument.
Some folks just are more flatulent than other folks.
Some folks just believe that any role played by man is bad and any role played by nature is good.
Some folks just bend some metal strip and drill a couple of holes in it.
Some folks just don t get it.
Some folks just draw the gradient directly to the screen.
Some folks just feel better about talking to someone outside the company.
Some folks just get there first.
Some folks just have a hard time in that environment.
Some folks just have to learn the hard way.
Some folks just have trouble reading and get distracted easily.
Some folks just know how to play the games that really count.
Some folks just like to be remembered with a fund in their own name.
Some folks just like to collect different types of nuggets.
Some folks just like to drive slowly, so be patient.
Some folks just like to hear from a businessperson who still has a title that makes sense.
Some folks just love to hike, and there's no place better to lace up a pair of boots.
Some folks just make a pile right on the ground.
Some folks just refer to it as falsetto , but it's yodeling.
Some folks just slip it in their pants pocket.
Some folks just take longer to see the light.
Some folks just use the game as a tool for socializing.
Some folks keep asking the question of themselves throughout life.
Some folks keep dogmas for protection.
Some folks keep nine to five kinds of hours, while others start earlier or later.
Some folks keep the songs inside.
Some folks know exactly what they want to do on vacation.
Some folks know how to have a good time.
Some folks lack the discipline to take a break.
Some folks lead with a confrontational attitude.
Some folks learn better from reading than from listening.
Some folks leave early all the time for other reasons.
Some folks leave their e-mail program running continuously.
Some folks let it cook up until it is almost crispy on the bottom.
Some folks like to add a little cider vinegar to the water or even lemon juice.
Some folks like to add a little compression to bass.
Some folks like to add cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, etc.
Some folks like to add something personal - a quote or such.
Some folks like to bring stadium cushions or blankets to sit on.
Some folks like to browse and others prefer to find what they're looking for as quickly as possible.
Some folks like to build without using any metal nails.
Some folks like to canoe or fish on the slough.
Some folks like to chamfer the cylinders and work on the forcing cone.
Some folks like to check the list at home, and while at work.
Some folks like to combine a Mini-Vacation with a wilderness camping paddle trip.
Some folks like to display lawn art.
Some folks like to do absolutely nothing on their vacations.
Some folks like to do things on vacation that are really unique.
Some folks like to eat it on a good piece of homemade cornbread.
Some folks like to employ a strategy in the defined names of their relationships.
Some folks like to garnish it with finely chopped cucumber.
Some folks like to get rid of spam when they see it.
Some folks like to give handmade gifts.
Some folks like to go extravagant.
Some folks like to group people into one camp or the other.
Some folks like to ham it up on the dance floor.
Some folks like to have their whites their whitest, so along came bleached flour.
Some folks like to hear melody and rhythm delivered in the traditional fashion.
Some folks like to hunt all during the day.
Some folks like to keep track of the distant stations they've heard.
Some folks like to know WHY they are doing something.
Some folks like to open their eyes.
Some folks like to play chess, and some folks like to debate religion.
Some folks like to prepare for a concert by buying and listening to unfamiliar works.
Some folks like to put stuff like gravel or charcoal in the bottom of their pots.
Some folks like to read the last page first, while others find that sacrilegious.
Some folks like to remove the tenderloin to serve separately as filet mignon.
Some folks like to replace the fluid in the reservoir prior to flushing the lines.
Some folks like to ride trails, untrodden mountains, and the every growing snocross.
Some folks like to sail the lake.
Some folks like to shred the ham hock meat into the greens before serving up in bowls.
Some folks like to sit and watch the river.
Some folks like to start each new day with a cup of coffee, some with a nice hot shower.
Some folks like to stick with mom s recipe for potato salad.
Some folks like to stop in at the office and talk for a few minutes on occasion.
Some folks like to track their network in a rolodex or business card holder.
Some folks like to turn the speaker on their modem off.
Some folks like to use a no-hackle version of the imitation instead of a classic pattern.
Some folks like to use a telephone conference for when the audio is going to be extensive.
Some folks like to use bread crumbs that have been sautied as well.
Some folks like to use oral tetracycline.
Some folks like to use peat pots or peat pellets that can be transplanted directly into the ground.
Some folks like to use the phone because they feel it offers more privacy.
Some folks like to utilize leather strips and cotton rope to affix toys to cages and playstands.
Some folks like to work at the ranch, but others prefer the commute to a town job.
Some folks list every clinical diagnosis that they or their family ever came across.
Some folks listen to talk radio.
Some folks live for pro football.
Some folks live in water tanks, some folks live in red brick flats.
Some folks look at superintendents as only technicians, but they are that and more.
Some folks love it and some hate it.
Some folks love junk food.
Some folks love seabirds.
Some folks love the high, the rhythm, the demand, discipline, socializing and the results.
Some folks love to brag about how much they paid for something.
Some folks make a big planting chart for the wall to see the season at a glance.
Some folks make family a priority, while others set a goal of fame and fortune.
Some folks make holiday shopping easier on themselves by using catalogs.
Some folks make promises that they never intend to follow through on.
Some folks make the choice to die, By taking their own life.
Some folks make their own feeders.
Some folks make their roux in the microwave.
Some folks make up a lot of their heritage as they go along.
Some folks master it in days, others in months.
Some folks meet their losses that way, as if enduring a beating without crying.
Some folks mentally live in caves.
Some folks misspell the word calendar - calend e r.
Some folks modify their Miatas for aesthetics.
Some folks move the stake label to the stem right away, even before digging.
Some folks move up, some down.
Some folks never acquire the taste.
Some folks never do get all the credit they deserve.
Some folks never get a second chance.
Some folks never get over a bitter experience.
Some folks never get the hang of it.
Some folks never get.
Some folks never learn.
Some folks never leave.
Some folks never make it off the front porch.
Some folks never notice that if they can do anything they like, so can everyone else.
Some folks note pain in the shoulder or the jaw.
Some folks object to bird banding, stating that it increases the risk of injury or death to a bird.
Some folks obsess over a beautiful green lawn or prize-winning roses.
Some folks offer good tips and strategies.
Some folks offer to trade fishing trips with landowners.
Some folks own classic cars.
Some folks patronize casinos to dabble.
Some folks pay a compliment like they went down in their pocket for it.
Some folks pay for their bandwidth and no one needs more unwanted files.
Some folks pick up a Bible, flip open to a random text, and start expounding.
Some folks pick up a boat in Marsh Harbour and bring themselves across.
Some folks place a peeled banana out near their feeders to attract fruit flies for hummingbirds.
Some folks play it in swimming pools.
Some folks play the guitar and some folks are the guitar.
Some folks point to the absence of prayer in schools.
Some folks possess qualities which are greatly prized, skills that are highly sought after.
Some folks pour Web code from their soul using nothing more than a simple text editor.
Some folks practice magick with no inherent religious element.
Some folks prefer a more finished look, while others prefer a rustic appearance.
Some folks prefer a water bed to a conventional mattress.
Some folks prefer a whisper to a scream.
Some folks prefer commercial sports drinks.
Some folks prefer one, some prefer the other, but both get the job done.
Some folks prefer the digest format over the steady stream of mail throughout the day.
Some folks prefer the gentle caress of a concrete slab to enhance their dining experience.
Some folks prefer their dude-ranch experience on the luxurious side.
Some folks prefer to add a little more glycerine to enhance the properties though.
Some folks prefer to establish their endowment now so they can enjoy watching it grow.
Some folks prefer to read a manual while others prefer to learn by example.
Some folks prefer to relax on a bench and watch the swans as they glide gracefully across the water.
Some folks prefer to specify signals using numerical values, rather than using symbols.
Some folks prefer to take Toads as one long pitch.
Some folks prefer to talk to a real person to place an order, or get questions answered.
Some folks prefer to use white vinegar.
Some folks prefer water.
Some folks print the cards themselves on a color printer.
Some folks protect the fruits by using bird netting.
Some folks raft wild rivers, tramp through the Louvre, or char on the beach at Mazatlan.
Some folks raise chickens.
Some folks read in a monotone, stumbling over words and particularly proper names.
Some folks read only periodicals and newspapers.
Some folks read poetry.
Some folks read their e-mail several times a day, and some only once a week.
Some folks really enjoy playing games on the Web.
Some folks really struggle making small flies which is a shame.
Some folks reasonably assume that cyberspace mirrors many aspects of other forms of communications.
Some folks record nothing more than daily activities, the weather, who was born, and who died.
Some folks reduce the annoyance by using the same username and password for multiple applications.
Some folks refer to it as pinching back.
Some folks refer to it as their networking bible.
Some folks refuse to quit because they're afraid they'll gain weight.
Some folks remember the good old days of clogging in Western North Carolina.
Some folks report that exercise brings relief, however temporary.
Some folks return year after year.
Some folks revert to greasing the pole holding the feeder.
Some folks ride a bus to a stop nearby.
Some folks ride during the week days.
Some folks roleplay all the time, some part of the time, some just sit around and talk.
Some folks rule the roost despotically.
Some folks run marathons and some take walks.
Some folks say a hair dryer can help restore function.
Some folks say a man is made out of mud, But a poor man's made out of muscle and blood.
Some folks say all food storage is the same.
Some folks say it is okay and right to end the program and they also are right.
Some folks say it was a miracle.
Some folks say it's the most beautiful place in America.
Some folks say it's the most fun of all our annual programs.
Some folks say that a pessimist is simply an optimist who has the facts.
Some folks say that nobody really has to have a fishing boat.
Some folks say that poetry is an expression of the human soul.
Some folks say that the internet is impersonal.
Some folks say that time here stopped with the end of the mining era.
Some folks say that's perverse.
Some folks say the best part about cityfest is the entertainment for children.
Some folks say the dial-up modem's days are numbered.
Some folks say the most accurate pictures of the future are in science fiction.
Some folks say the Wild West begins on the border between Wyoming and Montana.
Some folks say they've seen the actor's ghost on the boat.
Some folks say to skim the fat off.
Some folks see it as an ongoing extension of our Orientation program.
Some folks see some flaws in it.
Some folks see the eyelashes and impudent tongue extended.
Some folks seem particularly wary of sending their credit card number over the Net.
Some folks seem reluctant to sacrifice a piece of their pie, to the detriment of the common good.
Some folks seem resigned to higher prices.
Some folks seem to be built to last.
Some folks seem to believe that browsing the internet is neither a right nor a privelege.
Some folks seem to find it quite helpful, while others find it rather helpless.
Some folks seem to find music in everything they do.
Some folks seem to get better as they age.
Some folks seem to have descended from the chimpanzee later than others.
Some folks seem to learn more in a storm than they do when everything is calm.
Some folks seem to live there.
Some folks seem to love it.
Some folks seem to make a career out of perverting the gospel.
Some folks seem to want it to be a useful conversation starter.
Some folks seem upset that force was used at all.
Some folks serve German potato salad warm.
Some folks serve quietly.
Some folks shake their heads and say it's too late.
Some folks show their pride in their garden by naming it.
Some folks simply discard the heads and place another order for several more bags.
Some folks simply lose, and indeed can never win the battle of intellect over reactive barbarism.
Some folks sit and think, others just sit.
Some folks sit and think.
Some folks sit in their living rooms and enjoy the rain.
Some folks skip the read and compare step, instead reading and checksumming or CRCing the data.
Some folks slap two bricks together and crush each one of the grasshoppers that way.
Some folks slip in and out of town without leaving any official mark.
Some folks sort the worms out of the castings and put the worms in fresh bedding.
Some folks spend a lot of time online chatting with others.
Some folks spend a lot on holiday phone calls.
Some folks spend their whole lives looking for that pot of gold and miss the rainbow.
Some folks stand for health reasons.
Some folks stand for other reasons.
Some folks stare at Web for hours at a time just because it's interesting .
Some folks start their labeling in the top right corner.
Some folks stay 'in the hole' spiritually.
Some folks stay mad at others for years because of a misunder- standing.
Some folks still believe they are the result of sunlight reflecting off the polar ice cap.
Some folks still bet the rent.
Some folks still do.
Some folks still envision the old rocking chair and a good book.
Some folks still feel strongly that their company's stock is undervalued and worth buying back.
Some folks still has hens.
Some folks still have their stereotypes, though.
Some folks still make New Year's resolutions.
Some folks still see elbow room in the crowded marketplace.
Some folks stop for refreshments.
Some folks stop in their tracks when they glimpse the fella digging in the hunk of stone.
Some folks strive for upward social mobility, some intellectual ability, some both.
Some folks substitute pliers and scissors for the crimper and stripper.
Some folks suggest daily doses of colloidal silver as well as gargling with it.
Some folks suggest greasing the molds, but others say the grease is absorbed into the soap.
Some folks suggest nothing happens in the novel market in less than three months.
Some folks swear by charcoal.
Some folks swear by cutting on the bias and stiff stuffing to eliminate interior wrikles.
Some folks swear by it for their favorite garden plants, too, especially herbs and vegetables.
Some folks swear by it, some swear at it.
Some folks swear by it.
Some folks swear by paper testing.
Some folks swear by plug scrapers.
Some folks swear by refrigeration during storage.
Some folks swear by rice, some use millet or flax from the health food store.
Some folks swear by splitting stitches as they sew through and hiding yarn that way.
Some folks swear that lye soap is a wonder-worker.
Some folks swear there is more stuff on the Internet about religion than there is about sex.
Some folks take more than they morally deserve, but in ignorance.
Some folks take special pleasure in pointing out hypocrisy.
Some folks taking our class just want to learn how to cast a long line.
Some folks talk about a third type - the catadioptric .
Some folks talk about driving along Mono Lake and seeing ducks moving out.
Some folks talk more than others.
Some folks tend to anthropomorphize their pets.
Some folks tend to look at the New Jersey state jobs page, and then stop.
Some folks tend to speak to peers, other's turn to official memo's, others talk radio, etc.
Some folks thank that all it takes to garden is to break a hold in the ground and put in a plant.
Some folks theorize that legislation is the best way to fix the spam problem.
Some folks theorize that the brain subconsciously records all events which occur in one's lifetime.
Some folks there believe that war is an unnatural act, one preventable by astute diplomacy.
Some folks think a bulldozer does a good job of compaction.
Some folks think a Christian school is a place where students are sheltered from the real world.
Some folks think high magnification is what telescopes are all about, but there is a lot more to it.
Some folks think industrial eco-parks are what industrial ecology is all about.
Some folks think it is a waste of time and good money.
Some folks think it is.
Some folks think it looks a little too slick.
Some folks think it s funny, some folks think it s snot.
Some folks think it's a treasure.
Some folks think it's because the wood has been aged so long.
Some folks think it's downright un-American.
Some folks think it's playful, but it can cause crazy outcomes.
Some folks think it's too quiet.
Some folks think it's UFOs, others just scoff it off as some sort of natural phenomenon.
Some folks think of frogs as slimy, icky, wart carriers.
Some folks think so and are willing to pay for what they believe to be a superior product.
Some folks think so.
Some folks think technology has no place in education.
Some folks think that condom use increases risk.
Some folks think that is enough.
Some folks think that is unspiritual to plan certain activities.
Some folks think that it's suitable for boatuilding.
Some folks think that it's time for change.
Some folks think that just because they say black is white that makes it so.
Some folks think that simple living is only about frugality.
Some folks think that some hedge fund or two was being liquidated at the time.
Some folks think that the low atmospheric pressure was enough to trigger the big eruption.
Some folks think that's a bad idea, and they've got a point.
Some folks think that's brave.
Some folks think that's great, some think it stinks.
Some folks think the essence of southeast Louisiana lies in the rich, dark secrets of a good roux.
Some folks think the image contains only compiled code.
Some folks think the problem is just a few wild bureaucrats who've run amok.
Some folks think the sap just comes out of the trees and is packaged as syrup for sale.
Some folks think the yellow lights are better, some folks think a softer light is better.
Some folks think there are other ways to produce a happy home.
Some folks think they are more attractive.
Some folks think they have to go to some greasy, backwoods shack to get good catfish.
Some folks think they know it all and are really unwilling to listen and take guidance.
Some folks think they sound like a British blues band.
Some folks think they taste like cucumbers or zucchini.
Some folks think they're awful smart and some like to disclose it.
Some folks think they're caused when a supernova creates a black hole.
Some folks think they're excellent.
Some folks think this'll be like web addresses someday.
Some folks think using the 'correct' fasteners is good enough.
Some folks think working with waste canvas is tricky.
Some folks thrive.
Some folks throw out scraps of stale bread, cake, or doughnuts for their feathered visitors.
Some folks throw too much dust.
Some folks tout the ubiquity of the Internet.
Some folks travel America's interstates with white knuckles, red eyes and dulled senses.
Some folks truly do have an allergy.
Some folks try to center everything on their pages and hope for the best.
Some folks try to compare floral design programs on price alone.
Some folks try to manage with antihistamines, typically used for allergy relief.
Some folks try to stop that, particularly the natural processes which erode beaches.
Some folks turn to adultery.
Some folks use a carbon dihedral brace.
Some folks use a collapsible luggage tote.
Some folks use a vise and pre-tie the yarn on the hook shank.
Some folks use an accordion file or a bunch of manila envelopes to keep receipts.
Some folks use aqueus uranyl acetate.
Some folks use four characteristics, some five, six, seven or eight.
Some folks use hair dryers to supply heat instead.
Some folks use ham hocks, some smoked ham, some even use tasso .
Some folks use ham hocks, some smoked ham, some even use tasso.
Some folks use it for their thyroid condition.
Some folks use it to improve circulation to the brain and extremities.
Some folks use it to refer to any beneficial micro-organism for dietary use.
Some folks use lamb chops, venison and even salmon.
Some folks use other containers such as old plastic pop bottles.
Some folks use plain old white on antique police cars, but it's much too bright.
Some folks use reflective tape on the dog's leash for higher visibility in the dark.
Some folks use special heating units and other apparatus, but a standard lighter works quite well.
Some folks use their food processor which is OK too.
Some folks use their real name, some have fun names.
Some folks vary the ingredients like omitting the sweet and adding bacon bits, liver, cheese.
Some folks volunteer to be hosts - they provide the site, place settings, bread and drinks.
Some folks wait until the doctor says they have cancer, or that first heart attack.
Some folks walk a fine line between satisfying and ignoring responsibilities.
Some folks wash their cooking grates in the dishwasher.
Some folks wear a lot of hats.
Some folks wear their best party clothes.
Some folks work hard at it.
Some folks worry about calling people back and somehow interfering with their new way of living.
Some folks write from the heart.
Some folks write funny.
Some folks write trip reports for every trip they take.
A folklore is lore
Folklore has it that even airline pilots used it as a navigational landmark.
Folklore has it that garlic can ward off vampires and werewolves.
Folklore has it that the best time to plant potatoes in the spring is during the full moon.
Folklore has it that the campaign saved a failing company.
Folklore has it that the raven's sense of smell is so acute that it can smell death before it comes.
Folklore has it that the river never gives up what it is given.
Folklore has the festival associated with lanterns and mooncakes.
Folklores are lore.
Much folklore is found concerning the halibut.
Much folklore surrounds the barracuda.
Some folklore portrays female bats as alluring to men.
Folkloric remedies abound.
Folklorico dance requires rapid foot movement and arm movement that swirls the voluminous skirts.
Folkloristic aspects are part of the psycho-sociology and of the history .
Folkloristic aspects are part of the psycho-sociology and of the history.
Folkloristic aspects are part of the psycho-sociology of the history.
Folkloristic theories employ concepts of the life story, the life history, and the family saga.
Folks singers is folks.
A folksong is a song
A folksong is folk music
Folksongs are a treasured part of our nation's heritage.
Folksongs are important in both sacred and secular culture.
Folksongs are often 'modal'.
Folksongs Get the words to folksongs from around the world.
Many folksongs are pentatonic , or nearly pentatonic .
Many folksongs are pentatonic, or nearly pentatonic.
Folktale is a story
Folktale is narrative.
Folktale is part of folklores.
Folktales also can help people to understand much about groups and their cultures.
Folktales are a category of folklore.
Folktales are a type of oral prose that is passed from one person to another.
Folktales are alive and constantly changing.
Folktales are an integral part of Louisiana's heritage.
Folktales are common in all countries, universal in nature.
Folktales are especially familiar and predictable for children.
Folktales are more people-oriented than either myths or legends.
Folktales are often teach positive moral lessons.
Folktales are one of the many things the world's people have in common with each other.
Folktales are popular in Haiti.
Folktales are stories of the fabulous that fascinate children and adults.
Folktales are stories originally told orally.
Folktales are stories that are heard and remembered.
Folktales are usually easier to learn than other types of traditional literature.
Folktales can teach children a culture's values and are worth including in any selection.
Folktales describe tequila as the drink of the ancient gods.
Folktales have clear plot lines and fewer characters, and are shorter, therefore easier to tell.
Folktales involve clear conflict between good and evil.
Folktales offer profound insights into the cultures from which they come.
Folktales provide a fairly clear and uncomplicated example of a type of literature.
Folktales reflect personalities.
Folktales reveal a great deal about the place in which they originate.
Folktales tell the stories of a people.
Folktales often explain a phenomenon in the world, or tell a lesson about human nature.
Folktales often start with real people, good guys and bad guys.
Most folktales are simply cautionary stories, told to inspire fear or shared revulsion.
Most folktales start quickly and are filled with action.
Some folktales are animal tales, religious tales, or catch tales.
Follicle cells envelop the maturing, pre-fertilized egg.
Follicle cells remain as corpus luteum.
Follicle mites infest follicles.
Follicle mites infest hair follicles.
Follicle mites infest human follicles.
Follicle mites infest human hair follicles.
Follicle mites live mainly in the region of the eyelids, nose, and other facial areas.
Follicle stimulate hormones are secreted by anterior glands.
Follicle stimulate hormones are secreted by anterior pituitary glands.
Follicle stimulate hormones are secreted by glands.
Follicle stimulate hormones are secreted by pituitary glands.
A follicle is a cyst
Follicle bulges from surface of ovary into abdominal cavity.
Follicle contains the oocyte.
Follicle extends deep into the hypodermis.
Follicle is fully mature and bulges from ovarian surface.
Follicle isa vesicle.
Follicles are directly in contact with the blood.
Follicles are fluid filled sacs in which eggs grow to maturity.
Follicles are fluid-filled sacs which contain developing eggs.
Follicles are less likely to open spontaneously.
Follicles are next.
Follicles are part of hair.
Follicles are spheres of cells that house oocytes in ovary.
Follicles are structures that hold and support the eggs or ova while they grow.
Follicles are surrounded by connective tissue.
Follicles are surrounded by dense irregular connective tissue.
Follicles are surrounded by dense tissue.
Follicles are surrounded by tissue.
Follicles are the enlarging ova in ovaries, prior to fertilization.
Follicles are the structures inside the ovaries that produce eggs.
Follicles are vesicles.
Follicles consist of layers.
Follicles consist of tissue layers.
Follicles continue to increase in size as the animal approaches estrus following weaning.
Follicles develop, and within a few days one matures into an ovum, or egg.
Follicles grow in the ovaries.
Follicles have (part) corpi.
Follicles have two kinds of protein molecules on their cell membranes.
Follicles obliquely subglobose, with pale green spots.
Follicles perform functions.
Follicles perform sensory functions.
Follicles produce the primary female sex hormones, estrogens.
Follicles then develop and subsequently synchronised oestrus and ovulation occurs.
Follicles undergo atresia at all stages of development.
Follicles often lie next to a skin gland called a sebaceous gland .
More follicles become functional with regard to oestradiol production.
Most follicle mites infest follicles.
Most follicle mites infest hair follicles.
Most follicle mites infest human follicles.
Most follicle mites infest human hair follicles.
Most follicles are surrounded by connective tissue.
Most follicles are surrounded by dense irregular connective tissue.
Most follicles are surrounded by dense tissue.
Most follicles are surrounded by tissue.
Most follicles consist of layers.
Most follicles consist of tissue layers.
Most follicles degenerate or undergo partial development and then disappear.
Most follicles perform functions.
Most follicles perform sensory functions.
Some follicles contain layers.
Some follicles fill with keratin.
Some follicles grow rapidly.
Some follicles have layers.
Some follicles induce ovulation.
Some follicles produce estrogens.
Some follicles produce hormones.
Some follicles release hormones.
Some follicles show areas where colloid is absent.
Some follicles stimulate maturation.
Some follicles undergo meiosis.
Some follicles undergo ovulation.
Follicular atresia is mediated by apoptosis or programmed cell death.
Follicular attrition begins in utero.
Follicular cancer is the second most common form of thyroid cancer.
Follicular cancers have a poorer prognosis than papillary tumours and occur in an older age group.
Follicular carcinomas tend to spread hematogenously.
Follicular casts are tightly adherent scales around the hair shaft.
Follicular cells make up most of the gland .
Follicular cells produce thyroid hormone.
Follicular cells secrete increasing amounts of estrogen.
Follicular cells surround the egg.
Follicular cysts are always benign.
Follicular cysts are blister-like structures, flaccid to the touch.
Follicular cysts occur as single or multiple cysts on one or both ovaries.
Follicular cysts result from failure of ovulation and luteinization.
Most follicular cysts resolve after six to eight weeks.
Follicular epithelium is hypertrophic and vacuolated.
Follicular estradiol is produced by granulosa cells through conversion of precursor androgens.
Follicular fluid is a transudate of plasma and granulosa cell secretions.
Follicular inflammation produces edema and results in easier epilation of the eyelashes.
Follicular lymphoma composed mainly of large cells is of intermediate grade.
Follicular maturation is a very important concept in egg formation.
Follicular units are the naturally occurring bundles of one, two or three hair follicles.
Follow consideration affects operations.
Follow consideration affects overall operations.
Follow diagrams depict color.
Follow diagrams illustrate differences.
Follow diagrams show methods.
Follow diagrams show regions.
Follow documents provide further guidance.
Follow documents provide guidance.
Follow documents provide overviews.
Follow examples explain steps.
Follow examples illustrate types.
Follow factors increase development.
Follow general subjects contain appropriate references.
Follow general subjects contain cross references.
Follow general subjects contain references.
Follow information comes from books.
Follow information comes from departments.
Follow information explains concepts.
Follow information gives overviews.
Follow information provides details.
Follow paragraphs describe events.
Follow recommendations provide ideas.
Follow rules govern selections.
Follow statements appear in bulletins.
Follow symptoms indicate ailment.
Follow tables describe responsibility.
Follow tables list values.
Follow tables provide biochemical explanations.
Follow tables provide comparison.
Follow tables provide detail information.
Follow tables provide explanations.
Follow tables provide information.
Follow tables provide overviews.
Follow tables provide values.
Follow tables show annual growth.
Follow tables show annual job growth.
Follow tables show classifications.
Follow tables show differences.
Follow tables show growth.
Follow tables show information.
Follow tables show job growth.
Follow tables show production.
Follow tables summarize effects.
A follower is a person
Follower assumes sole responsibility for landing safely.
Follower Follow the waist brush as normal.
Follower then can welcome the new year with their fresh and holy themselves.
Followers appreciate the effort.
Followers are completely loyal.
Followers are far more intelligent.
Followers are fishers.
Followers are free to choose where they work and what they do.
Followers are objects which travel along associated Paths .
Followers are people who take as much energy as they give.
Followers are people.
Followers are secretive or vague about their activities and beliefs.
Followers are travelers.
Followers begin to believe that a particular leader can do no wrong.
Followers believe it improves their health.
Followers believe that each person has two spirits, the big and the little.
Followers believe that one or more godsare both part of the universe and greater than it.
Followers call it a spiritual practice.
Followers can appeal to the orisha through prayers, music, proper behavior, and offerings.
Followers can only be tolerant for so long.
Followers can tell what kind of food was found by smelling the pollen on the leader's body.
Followers can vary and decorate their parts in many ways.
Followers carry a load.
Followers chant one-word mantras twice a day to relieve stress.
Followers claim it brings spiritual enlightenment and improved health.
Followers claim religious harassment.
Followers claim the court action violates religious freedom.
Followers come from India, Japan and the Western world.
Followers cost mana and a soul to create and there are only a limited number of souls available.
Followers Create the Best Leaders.
Followers do exercises daily, alone or in groups.
Followers do the exact same steps, except for beginning the rock step on the right foot.
Followers encourage leaders.
Followers expect their leaders to be enthusiastic about their work.
Followers extol the virtues of the individual at the top.
Followers fear dire consequences and incurable illnesses if they leave the movement or are expelled.
Followers feel trust, admiration, loyalty, respect for the leader, and are highly motivated.
Followers follow as far as the path is good, but at the first bog they balk.
Followers form mobs and mobs have a nasty tendency to develop mob mentality.
Followers have a strict adherence to the Bible and are appointed a discipler.
Followers have another purpose as well.
Followers have just as much responsibility in the leadership process as the leaders do.
Followers help finish the job.
Followers insist it promotes health and good citizenship.
Followers insist it's a spiritual practice with no political aspirations.
Followers insist New Hope is open to all faiths.
Followers just do back basic here.
Followers know the difference in the leader that wants to lead and one who is forced to lead.
Followers launch standard features that already existed in the mass market.
Followers leave the world of objectivity for constant uncertainty.
Followers matter as much.
Followers meditate by sitting cross-legged in silence facing the wall.
Followers now turn here as well, using the footwork in the last bullet.
Followers pray to a god and goddess they believe is incarnate in the Earth and the cycles of nature.
Followers pursue three aims.
Followers respond to leaders they perceive as servants who care.
Followers say it is a system of traditional meditation and exercise.
Followers say it promotes health, moral living and even supernatural powers.
Followers say practice promotes health and morality and can bestow supernatural powers.
Followers say practice promotes health, moral living and even supernatural powers.
Followers say practice promotes health, moral living and, in experts, supernatural powers.
Followers say they practice economics that is literary, accessible, and relevant to the real world.
Followers speak breathlessly about how it has changed their lives for the better.
Followers start the basic step and all figures on their right foot.
Followers stay quiet.
Followers talk of a preparedness to face martyrdom.
Followers tend to be weak-minded and unattractive.
Followers trudge toward control of every facet of American life.
Followers typically use cannabis as a sacrament.
Followers use science to support the illusion theory.
Followers work long, exhausting hours either recruiting or raising money for the group.
Followers worship female, creative aspect of Brahma.
Followers often pay the church thousands of dollars during the auditing process.
Followers usually know the difference in being led and being driven.
Many followers are active in a community service.
Many followers are vegetarians or vegans.
Many followers choose to join meditation groups, led by trained leaders such as the Prescotts.
Many followers come from different cities, towns and villages in Pakistan.
Many followers have low self esteem and perceive themself as weak and insignificant.
Many followers leave before forager finishes.
Many followers shun modern medicine as a means to cure illness.
Most followers can survive in costly Beijing only through the generosity of fellow practitioners.
Some followers believe the end of the world is near.
Some followers leave the group after the announcement, but most stay.
Some followers object to the name, claiming it is meant as an insult.
All following sessions are one hour in length.
All following statements are to be evaluated in light of the above.
All following steps are at room temperature and in permeabilization buffer.
All following steps occur in two cells at the same time.
Any following text is ignored.
All followup visits require documentation of visit and appropriate statistical accounting.
A followup is an activity
Followups appear underneath.
Followups Try the updated munge script.
Follies gives the freshmen class a chance to showcase their talent.
Follies is also an excellent corporate team building tool for boosting employee spirit and rapport.
Follies means big.
Follies tells the story of musical stars reliving their lives.
Folly is a trait
Folly is play.
Folly is stupidity.
Folly is traits.
Folly levels the playing field.
Some follies are as catching as contagious diseases.
Folse model adds reality session.
Folstaf models are available for every type of wader and wading situation.
Fomentation is an initiation
Fomentations applied are often beneficial, especially of hot water.
Fomentations are easy to prepare.
Fomentations are good in pleurisy and many other inflammations.
A fomite is an object
Fomites are inanimate objects that carry infectious microbes.
Fomites are the most common form of transmission, along with fecal-oral and autoinfection.
Fond memories are priceless.
Fond memories cling.
Fond memories occur and new emotional ties can be made.
Fondue pots are also back.
Fondue restaurant offers variety of entree platters.
A fondue is a dish
Fondues are a social matter.
Fondues are available by prior bookings.
Fondues are dishs.
Fondues are food.
Fondues make sociable gatherings easy yet sophisticated.
Some font activators can even load fonts transparently, as they're needed.
Font addition is now trivial if each digit is a separate image.
Font cache is able to handle a large number of fonts.
Font changes require that the necessary font is loaded on the users computer.
Font choice is also important.
Font choice is good but variable throughout the website.
Font color is standard gold lettering at our standard height.
Font color Let's do the font color again.
Font color matches border color.
Font colors can have major impact on a message.
Font combination applies the selected font combination to the text.
Font control looks better.
Font descriptors define data global to the font .
Font design is a exacting and time consuming art.
Font designers can design fonts the same way they always have.
Any font designer can easily use or make their fonts available for web page designers.
Font face is the font in which the text is to be shown.
Font families are collections of fonts which look similar but have slightly different attributes.
Font file is only mvc animation where each frame is proper character.
Font files provide the pixel patterns used for drawing characters.
Many font foundries grant local user licenses.
Some font foundries choose to prohibit their fonts from being embedded into documents.
Font groups help manage large font collections as well as batch font install, batch uninstall.
Font history is updated past loading a project.
Font information is available.
Font information is compressed into small files and downloaded to the user's machine.
Font information is encoded in the last field.
Font information is stored differently for bitmap and outline fonts.
All font information is lost.
Font installation is easy.
Font issues are the most frequent interrupters of workflow.
Font logos contain only font elements.
Every font maker has their own browser.
Font managers do a number of good things.
Font names appear in the font menu of most applications.
Font names appear in window.
Font names are case insensitive.
Font names are case-insensitive.
Font packages are very easy to install and use.
Font panel is resizeable, changes to drop menus, manages groups of fonts.
Some font products have samples on the detailed product information pages.
Font programs is another area.
Most font programs are quite expensive, and have a great learning curve.
Font properties help info A Web page referenced by the extension's context sensitive help.
All font references are at the top.
Font requirement implies big performance hit, reflow.
Font resources are available at our font page .
Font selection is current for the remainder of the string or until the next font change.
Font selections are limited.
Font server fixes.
Font shifts are very likely to occur during output.
Font sites list.
Font size is also important.
Font size is appropriate for reading.
Font size is now two pixels bigger.
All font sizes are relative.
Any font size is acceptable.
Most font sizes come in bold and slanted versions.
Font specification is problematic.
Font style is entirely optional.
Font styles are another choice, when choosing a front pick one that is easy to read.
Font styles control the appearance of the text.
Any font style is acceptable.
Some font styles are asier to read than others.
Some font styles seem to defy beveling with a vengeance.
Font submissions are very welcome.
Font support is enhanced.
Font type is the same for heading, tick, and axis labels.
Font types contain different characters.
Font use becomes seamless, freeing users to focus on their work rather than their systems.
Font variety is one of our strong points.
Font weight is all the same.
Font widths vary, fatter fonts or larger fonts take more space.
A font is a basin
FOnt Change the default text font.
FONT is deprecated in favor of style sheets.
FONT is discussed in more detail below.
FONT is slow.
FONT is the name for a type of writing that looks different to other types of writing.
FONT is the name of the font to use.
FONT is the window title font, a font object or a string.
Fonts affect the appearance of key words or sections of a document.
Fonts also implement additional symbols and forms, such as ligatures, needed by that writing system.
Fonts Also see font tools .
Fonts are a big business .
Fonts are a nuisance in TeX, and especially in the DVI format.
Fonts are all over the place and in all sizes.
Fonts are all the characters and punctuation marks of one size and style of type.
Fonts are also vector graphics.
Fonts are always a major concern.
Fonts are an increasingly important aspect of the web.
Fonts are artistic, and typesetting is an art as old as the printing press itself.
Fonts are available at site.
Fonts are available at the site.
Fonts are available for many of the display types.
Fonts are available in all languages.
Fonts are available in many fonts and colors .
Fonts are available in ZIP format for quicker downloading.
Fonts are available in ZIP format.
Fonts are available instantly.
Fonts are big business.
Fonts are blocky, but readable.
Fonts are by far the best and most elegant way to implement bar code printing.
Fonts are collections of characters, each character being a pattern and and metric data.
Fonts are computer files.
Fonts are cool.
Fonts are different in the different systems.
Fonts are easy to find, well arranged by category or designer.
Fonts are easy to understand and distribute Most end users understand and know how to use fonts.
Fonts are easy to use and there are fonts for every occasion known to man.
Fonts are either serif or sans, both italic and normal.
Fonts are embedded only when they are needed to display the rendered report data.
Fonts are fantastic.
Fonts are fine on X terminals.
Fonts are for printing and cursive, with arrows, without arrows, lined, and no lines.
Fonts are fun.
Fonts are global across all screens in a server.
Fonts are helpful for websites and documents.
Fonts are in .zip files.
Fonts are in .zip format.
Fonts are in English, but most of the site is in spanish.
Fonts are in ZIP compressed form for faster download.
Fonts are in ZIP form for faster download.
Fonts are indicative of what is known in the digital text as a protocol.
Fonts are kind of small and needs to be a little bigger.
Fonts are large enough to read from a distance.
Fonts are legible for consumers, particularly the elderly.
Fonts are located in churchs.
Fonts are now scalable, graphic objects.
Fonts are objects which have to be created with new .
Fonts are referenced by visible items in a report.
Fonts are sets of typographic characters, typically used to write documents on word processors.
Fonts are stored in outline format, the outline data is used for screen display and final output.
Fonts are strongly language-dependent.
Fonts are styles of letters of the alphabet and characters used in printing and writing.
Fonts are styles of letters.
Fonts are the different styles of typefaces used by a computer to display text.
Fonts are the number one source of imaging problems industry wide.
Fonts are the same as the session xterm default.
Fonts are to be provided along with the art, photos and page layout files.
Fonts are too small.
Fonts are tricky.
Fonts are types.
Fonts are user machine dependent.
Fonts are user-configurable . .
Fonts are very inexpensive but also very good quality.
Fonts are works of art and they are typically copyrighted material.
Fonts become particularly bothersome.
Fonts become progressively smaller, from bathtub size to finger-bowl capacity.
Fonts become smaller.
Fonts can also be an issue in a cross-platform environment, especially in publishing.
Fonts can also be in different colors.
Fonts can be a bit ugly.
Fonts can be too small.
Fonts can come in different formats.
Fonts can give documents different appearances that are suitable for different purposes.
Fonts can have different metrics for different ranges of characters.
Fonts can upld.
Fonts carry emotional messages.
Fonts change in mid-sentence.
Fonts Click to open site in new window.
Fonts come from a variety of sources and are of widely varying quality and ease of installation.
Fonts come in all shapes and sizes.
Fonts come in many different sizes.
Fonts compile and represent digitized texts, while HTML compiles and displays hypertextual elements.
Fonts comprise a subtle tool that has a big effect.
Fonts Controls the type of font used in different areas of Simeon.
Fonts default to the browser settings.
Fonts define the rendering of glyphs .
Fonts designed for the Web are available free of charge.
Fonts designed outside the United States become subject to protection as artistic works.
Fonts determine the text representation of cell, such as the font name, the size, the color, etc.
Fonts embedded in PDFs are compatible cross-platform.
Fonts enlarge at higher resolutions.
Fonts folder and restart the computer.
Fonts Generally use default font size and face.
Fonts have logical, family and font names.
Fonts have many traditional shapes.
Fonts have no body.
Fonts have several different names.
Fonts have to be installed.
Fonts Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Fonts here are in compressed format, for faster downloads.
Fonts keep it consistent.
Fonts Keep to one or two fonts.
Fonts look a little rough too.
Fonts make fabulous bedside table lamps with overnight storage for jewelry built right in.
Fonts now consist of font objects, which in turn consist of an actual system font plus attributes.
Fonts now have quote marks around their names in the generated code.
Fonts play an integral role in the design of both printed and electronic material.
Fonts pose an even greater problem than colors for portable applications.
Fonts set too large tend to cause a system crash.
Fonts shows some examples of fonts designed for better readability on-screen.
Fonts sit in invisible boxes, side by side, to automatically space themselves.
Fonts Specify that the Web pages use the computer's default sans-serif font.
Fonts Supply all fonts, both screen and printer.
Fonts support all the popular European, American, and International transliteration standards.
Fonts There are manuscript and cursive types here.
Fonts Think once again of that road sign.
Fonts try to resize to maximize screen usage A strange site database Back to EWANs homepage.
Fonts typically come in families.
Fonts Use common fonts because the fonts only load if they are on the clients machine.
Fonts Use just one or two font families on a page .
Fonts Use standard fronts.
Fonts Use the same font as the body text, only two points smaller.
Fonts used are terrible.
Fonts vary in size and type.
Fonts work basically the same way.
Fonts work well.
Fonts always start with some concept of the alphabet.
Fonts often come in packages with support systems.
Fonts sometimes appear alone in a separate file or grouped in a font suitcase.
All fonts are alphabetically organized with previews of each, so they're easy to select.
All fonts are alphebetically organized with previews of each, so they're easy to select.
All fonts are available in multiple formats for one price.
All fonts are available, subject to prior sale.
All fonts are copyrights of their respective designers.
All fonts are either shareware or freeware.
All fonts are for PC only.
All fonts are free for downloading.
All fonts are freeware or shareware.
All fonts are freeware, unless otherwise specified.
All fonts are freeware.
All fonts are in .zip files.
All fonts are in PC true type font format.
All fonts are in PC truetype format.
All fonts are in True Type format and support multiple languages.
All fonts are in zip files.
All fonts are in zip format to provide the fastest means of download.
All fonts are of high quality for high end publishing.
All fonts are original sunwalk designs and free for noncommercial use.
All fonts are patented freeware.
All fonts are pc truetype format.
All fonts are postscript fonts.
All fonts are property of their respective authors.
All fonts are public domain.
All fonts are ready for immediate installation.
All fonts are sans-serif.
All fonts are True Type and can be used by most graphics and word processing applications.
All fonts are true-type.
All fonts come with a preview of it.
All fonts depicted are to the same scale.
All fonts have a natural baseline defined by the position of each glyph in the font's em-square.
All fonts have a preview image also.
ALL fonts have authors.
All fonts have same size in points, differences depend on type.
All fonts have sample previews.
All fonts here are in PC truetype format.
All fonts listed are for Winodws PCs and are in True Type format.
All fonts listed here are subject to prior sale.
Every font has a preview graphic.
Every font has specific widths defined for each character.
Every font is free and there's no annoying pop-up windows.
Every font is free.
Every font is previewed and they can be viewed alpgabetically or by style.
Every font is previewed and they can be viewed alphabetically or by style.
Many fonts are also available here.
Many fonts are available at various archives.
Many fonts are available for various tastes.
Many fonts are available on the Internet.
Many fonts are available, and the lab has an extensive stock image library for student use.
Many fonts are large enough for full immersion of the candidate.
Many fonts are more legible than others.
Many fonts are vector-based graphics.
Many fonts have more than one variant.
Many fonts have multiple font files for the same font face such as bold , italic , and bold italic.
Many fonts here are originals.
More fonts are, as always, coming soon.
More fonts mean slower system.
Most fonts allow the width of the character body to vary from character to character.
Most fonts already support the required characters.
Most fonts are boring.
Most fonts are decorative and best suited for titles and headlines.
Most fonts are free to use for non-commercial use.
Most fonts are free, but some are shareware.
Most fonts are hard to read if they're smaller than that.
Most Fonts are proportional, i.e. the spacing of the letters depends upon the width of the letters.
Most fonts are variable width fonts.
Most fonts contain fi and fl ligatures.
Most fonts give different widths to characters, for example to l, n and m.
Most fonts have both upper and lower case letters.
Most fonts listed are available on typical systems.
Most fonts support the use of the transparent background feature.
Some fonts also look good when used in headings.
Some fonts are available.
Some fonts are bold, some are plain and some are italicized.
Some fonts are charityware and freeware, others are shareware.
Some fonts are difficult to detect italics.
Some fonts are downloadable.
Some fonts are exterior, being fastened to the piers or jambs of the portal.
Some fonts are from the net and are public domain.
Some fonts are more formal, while other fonts have a casual tone.
Some fonts are more legible than others, particularly at small sizes.
Some fonts are more readable on the screen than in print.
Some fonts are much easier to read than others.
Some fonts are ornate and others are very simple.
Some fonts are very difficult to read.
Some fonts come with extensive character sets.
Some fonts contain information for a large number of kern pairs.
Some fonts contain submenus that include italic, bold, or bold italic versions of the font.
Some fonts has a trouble with displaying.
Some fonts have no numbers or lack punctuation symbols.
Some fonts have uniform strokes and some have variations in the thickness of the strokes.
Some fonts have various styles or weights.
Some fonts look better bigger, others smaller, depending on the situation and font design.
Some fonts look lovely on the computer screen and are virtually unreadable across the room.
Some fonts require four separate files - for normal, italic, bold and bold italic faces.
Some fonts work best for printing and others work better for reading on a screen.
Some fonts work well as titles but are disastrous as text.
A fontanel is an orifice
Fontanels allow the skull to be compressed as it passes through the birth canal during delivery.
Fontes has a long, winding coaching history.
Fontes quos ad studia theologica collegit.
Fontes wants the job, but so do plenty more.
Fontocide Fonts Get some really cool mangled fonts here.
Fonts sizes differ between platforms, browsers and individual settings choosen by the user.
Many fonts styles are available as well.
Food acid can cause pain in many ways.
Food acids are generally weak acids.
Food acids can cause the burner to corrode.
Some food acids can stain even the most stainless of steels.
Food addiction is just as devastating.
Food addiction starts within our emotions.
Food addictions cause health and self-image problems.
A food additive is an additive
Food additives are additives.
Food additives are also a serious concern.
Food additives are chemicals that keep foods fresh or enhance their colour, flavour or texture.
Food additives are harmless, and most are used for good reason.
Food additives are used to improve food .
Food additives are used to improve food.
Food additives can also trigger an allergic reaction in some pets.
Food Additives fall into a range of classes listed below, depending on their specific function.
Food additives fall into two categories.
Food additives increase the availability, quality and safety of food while keeping costs low.
Food additives increase the availability, quality, and safety of foods while keeping costs low.
Food additives perform a number of functions in food.
Food additives play an important role in keeping foods fresh and appealing.
Food additives represent a very big business.
Most food additives are tested in isolation, rather than in combination with other additives.
Most food additives have to be included on the ingredient list, either by name or E number.
Some food additives are illegal in some countries.
Some food additives are more likely than others to cause reactions in sensitive people.
Food adulteration is common and is seen at all levels openly.
Food advertising sells fantasy food and sex advertising sells fantasy sex.
Food aid accounts for a large percentage of millings in South Texas.
Food aid accounts for nearly half of that amount.
Food aid arrives from other countries, and is principally grain.
Food aid can also be expensive to deliver and manage.
Food aid can constitute a valuable resource which contributes towards reaching development goals.
Food aid can help meet a fraction of the needs of the poor.
Food aid can play a significant role in helping others realize their potential.
Food aid can reduce constraints by offering a resource that makes clinic attendance more possible.
Food aid does more than keep people alive today.
Food aid has other uses too.
Food aid is an emergency measure.
Food aid is as pragmatic as it is humanitarian.
Food aid is free or reduced-price agricultural products.
Food aid is irregular and reports say many are surviving on one inadequate meal a day.
Food aid is monitored from the port of entry right through to beneficiaries homes.
Food aid is needed for the affected population.
Food aid is no substitute for increased production of food in the developing countries.
Food aid is one of the most acute forms of humanitarian assistance.
Food aid is provided in return for community development work.
Food aid is used as a preventive medicine.
Food aid is vitally important to many developing countries around the world.
Food aid offers three benefits in such cases.
Food aid pledges currently fully match the requirement but speedier deliveries are needed.
Food aid provides food, promotes production, and helps stabilize prices.
Food aid provides the largest share of resources allocated to emergencies.
Food aid remains an important instrument to respond to natural and man-made disasters.
Food aid supplements the daily food intake of vulnerable children and adolescent girls.
Food allergen associates with asthma.
Food allergens are naturally-occurring proteins that exist in the foods.
Food allergens are typically nuts, seeds, shellfish, or dairy products.
Food allergens are usually proteins.
Food allergens create inflammation.
Food allergens have small molecular weights, which allows absorption through the lung or gut lining.
Some food allergen includes food.
Some food allergen includes milk.
A food allergy is allergic reaction
Food allergies affect both cats and dogs.
Food allergies affect both males and females and neutered and intact animals equally.
Food allergies afflict a small percentage, but significant number, of consumers.
Food allergies are a bigger health concern because they can cause feeding and digestive problems.
Food allergies are a growing concern for both consumers and the food industry.
Food allergies are a major cause of bedwetting.
Food allergies are a very common symptom of Candidiasis.
Food allergies are allergic reaction.
Food allergies are allergies.
Food allergies are also a concern for children at school.
Food allergies are another major health concern with genetically engineered foods.
Food allergies are another major health concern.
Food allergies are another very common cause of headache.
Food allergies are common .
Food allergies are common factor.
Food allergies are common in children under age three.
Food allergies are common, food sensitivities even more so.
Food allergies are common.
Food allergies are defined as immune system reactions to foods.
Food allergies are different than the peptide problems.
Food allergies are diseases.
Food allergies are hard to predict but can be life threatening.
Food allergies are immune-mediated reactions to normal foods.
Food allergies are just one part of a large picture.
Food allergies are less common, as well as insulin-dependent diabetes and some forms of cancer.
Food allergies are less obvious.
Food allergies are more common in children than adults.
Food allergies are more complicated to treat.
Food allergies are most common in children.
Food allergies are most likely to be outgrown, and are more common in children than in adults.
Food allergies are most prevalent in young children and are frequently outgrown.
Food allergies are much less frequent.
Food allergies are much more subtle.
Food allergies are no joke either.
Food allergies are often misunderstood.
Food allergies are often the cause of fatigue.
Food allergies are quite common in children, especially in infants.
Food allergies are the body's immune response to a specific food or component of food.
Food allergies are the less common of the two.
Food allergies are usually due to the protein component of the offending food.
Food allergies are usually the biggest problem found the first year.
Food allergies are very common but are difficult to treat in the event of an emergency.
Food allergies are very common in infants and young children.
Food allergies are very complex.
Food allergies can affect more than just food choices.
Food allergies can aggravate mood swings.
Food allergies can also cause sleep disturbances.
Food allergies can also trigger flare-ups.
Food allergies can be a hidden asthma trigger.
Food allergies can be a life threatening problem.
Food allergies can be a significant cause of a wide range of symptoms in both people and animals.
Food allergies can be an issue for some dogs.
Food allergies can be as subtle as scratching of the ears without the presence of ear infection.
Food allergies can be dangerous.
Food allergies can be difficult to pinpoint.
Food allergies can be fatal if they cause the reaction called anaphylaxis.
Food allergies can be life threatening.
Food allergies can be life-threatening.
Food allergies can be tricky to diagnose.
Food allergies can cause a diaper rash.
Food allergies can cause a variety of symptoms.
Food allergies can cause cramping, bloating, vomiting, and diarrhea.
Food allergies can cause flare-ups.
Food allergies can cause rashes, swelling, stomachaches and difficulty breathing.
Food allergies can cause symptoms in any part of the body.
Food allergies can create complications when it comes time to pack a youngster's lunchbox.
Food allergies can develop at any time.
Food allergies can exacerbate the discomfort of many disorders.
Food allergies can happen very quickly.
Food allergies can have a big impact on the financial operation of any organization.
Food allergies can hbe difficult to diagnose because of the nonspecific nature of the symptoms.
Food allergies can increase gut permeability as can some medications, creating a vicious cycle.
Food allergies can occur any time of year.
Food allergies can occur at any age.
Food allergies can range from merely irritating to life-threatening.
Food allergies can show up at any time and can mimic other hypersensitivity reactions.
Food allergies can start at birth or at any later age.
Food allergies can trigger migraines and migraine equivalents.
Food allergies cause inflammation of intestinal cells, also causing leaking.
Food allergies cause minor symptoms.
Food allergies cause reaction.
Food allergies cause severe reaction.
Food allergies cause stress.
Food allergies cause symptoms in another small minority of individuals with degenerative arthritis.
Food allergies cause symptoms.
Food allergies cause various symptoms in the skin, digestive, and respiratory systems.
Food allergies cover a wide range of outcomes.
Food allergies impact four to six percent of young children in America.
Food allergies make up only a small part of that number.
Food allergies manifest in itchy, watery eyes and under-eye swelling.
Food allergies occur at all ages and almost any food can cause an allergic response.
Food allergies occur when the body has an abnormal reaction to proteins in substances eaten.
Food allergies occur when the body thinks a food is harmful.
Food allergies occur when the immune system mistakenly believes the food is harmful.
Food allergies occur when the immune system mistakes foods for invaders causing an immune reaction.
Food allergies occur when the immune system overreacts to certain proteins in food.
Food allergies play a much smaller role in triggering asthma attacks.
Food allergies seem to be increasing.
Food allergies tend to be self-diagnosed and are more often really food intolerances.
Food allergies tend to run in families and are most common during the early years of life.
Food allergies trigger reaction.
Food allergies trigger severe reaction.
Food allergy can be a trigger in asthma.
Food allergy can be difficult to diagnose and even more so in the veterinary practice.
Food allergy can be fatal if it causes a reaction called anaphylaxis.
Food allergy can cause a violent, life threatening reaction known as anaphylaxis.
Food allergy can occur at any age and affect any area of the body.
Food allergy can occur at any age.
Food allergy causes effects ranging from migraine headache to death.
Food allergy is a reaction of the body's immune system to certain proteins in foods.
Food allergy is a specific unwanted response to a particular food.
Food allergy is an all-out reaction by the immune system against food.
Food allergy is common in latex allergic individuals.
Food allergy is common.
Food allergy is explained as a rejective reaction - a kind of defensive reaction.
Food allergy is generally uncommon.
Food allergy is lifelong, or is always outgrown.
Food allergy is the leading cause of anaphylaxis outside the hospital setting.
Food allergy is the leading cause of anaphylaxis outside the hospital.
Food allergy is the least common but most overlooked cause of allergies.
Food allergy is the most frequent single cause of emergency room visits for anaphylaxis.
Food allergy is the result of a reaction to an ingredient in the pet food.
Food allergy is uncommon and over diagnosed in veterinary medicine.
Food allergy is usually easy to recognise.
Food allergy is very common.
Food allergy makes people hyperactive.
Food allergy occurs more frequently in children than adults.
Food allergy occurs most frequently in children from birth to age three.
Many food allergies are caused by hypersensitivities to particular proteins in different foods.
Many food allergies are temporary.
Most food allergies are imagined, says agency.
Most food allergies cause minor symptoms.
Most food allergies cause reaction.
Most food allergies cause severe reaction.
Most food allergies cause symptoms.
Most food allergies trigger severe reaction.
Some food allergies are easy to spot while others are more difficult to diagnose.
Some food allergies can be deadly.
Some food allergies can be fatal.
Some food allergies can cause severe and life-threatening reactions.
Some food allergies can cause unpleasant reactions such as tingling lips and diarrhea.
Some food allergies cause abdominal pain.
Some food allergies cause pain.
Food animal production has consequences.
Food animal production has negative consequences.
A food bank is a bank
Food bank is closed the week following welfare cheque day.
Food banks act as an agency of conservation to the food industry.
Food banks are banks.
Food banks are important to agricultural producers in a number of ways.
Food banks are now a way of survival for thousands.
Food banks are the center of food collection and distribution for poor people in a community.
Food banks continue to play an increasing role in providing an on-going source of food for many.
Food banks exist to connect needy people with wholesome donated food from many sources.
Food Banks Find links to many food banks.
Food banks fulfill the urge to do something.
Food banks help, but there is barely enough to eat.
Food banks provide temporary assistance to help families through a crisis.
Food banks serve as suppliers to hunger relief agencies such as food pantries and soup kitchens.
Many food banks find themselves unable to meet the increased requests for help.
Many food banks provide other services.
Food battles are far less frequent then.
Food biotechnology can help increase the world s food supply.
Food biotechnology is about benefiting the food supply.
Food biotechnology is based on age-old principles of selective breeding.
Food biotechnology is the use of genetic science to create new products from plants and animals.
Food biotechnology offers tremendous promise for the future.
Food booths are also available.
Food booths are available.
Food booths are good money-makers at Ren fairs.
Food booths offer a variety of tastes from Scotland and the Ozarks.
Food booths sell apple pie, apple butter, delicious cider and other apple related foods.
Food booths serve up Scottish scones, Irish bangers and other ethnic edibles.
Food booths take up about half the fair.
All food booths are subject to inspection.
Food calories are actually thousands of calories.
Food calories are nutrients and supply energy to the body.
Food calories come from carbohydrate, protein, and fat.
Food calories come from carbohydrates, proteins, and fats.
Food calories come in the form of carbohydrates, proteins and fats.
Some food calories measure heat.
Most food cans have effects.
Most food cans have many negative effects.
Most food cans have negative effects.
Some food cans have consequences.
Food chain depicts the different organisms that are connected in an ecosystem.
Food chain is a natural phenomenon
Food chain is a process of one organism eating the other and being eaten by another organism.
Food chain is part of food web.
Food chain is the event of eating and being eaten in a certain order and direction.
Food chain is when smaller animals or plants get eaten by big or meat eaters.
Food chain refers to a process cycle from producer to consumer to decomposer.
Food Chain Uses the sun, a field of grass, a rabbit and a fox to explain the food chain.
Food chains are a simple model and only show one pathway of energy and material transfer.
Food chains are complicated, and the balance they create is essential.
Food chains are interesting in any eco-system and the food chains in the ocean are many.
Food chains are just one possible way to transfer energy.
Food chains are just one specific feeding pathway, matching predator to prey all through the levels.
Food chains are made up of producers, consumers, and decomposers.
Food chains are needed to keep all organisms in balance.
Food chains are overly simplistic as representatives of what typically happens in nature.
Food chains are oversimplified and suggest that a consumer eats only a single food item.
Food chains are relatively uncomplicated, involving energy movement from one population to another.
Food chains are short.
Food chains are simplifications of complex relationships.
Food chains are snapshots in both space and time.
Food chains are the connection of hte energy between organisms.
Food chains are therefore generally short.
Food chains are too simple to represent the real world.
Food chains are usually in a sequence, with an arrow used to show the flow of energy.
Food chains are usually longer in aquatic systems.
Food chains attempts to demonstrate the fate of an individual organism in a particular habitat.
Food chains begin to collapse.
Food chains begin with a green plant.
Food chains begin with energy that comes from plants.
Food chains begin with the sun, the source of all energy on earth.
Food chains can get complicated because animals usually eat a variety of food.
Food chains connect to form what scientists call a food web.
Food chains consist of four trophic levels.
Food chains consist of producers, consumers, and decomposers.
Food chains describe how energy is transferred from one organism in an ecosystem to another.
Food chains describe the feeding relationships between plants and animals.
Food chains describe what is eaten by whom in nature.
Food chains end with top predators, animals that have little or no natural enemies.
Food chains exist everywhere - even in the cave.
Food chains follow the first and second laws of thermodynamics.
Food chains have three types of organisms.
Food chains indicate who eats whom in an ecosystem.
Food chains make for a good quick overview.
Food chains provide a visual example of how energy is transferred throughout the universe.
Food chains range from very simple to very complex.
Food chains represent the greatest interdependency within the webs of life.
Food chains seem to follow a small to large size progression.
Food chains show energy transfer between organisms.
Food chains show how matter and energy move through an ecosystem.
Food chains show how organisms feed on one another.
Food chains show just consumers, but food webs also show producers.
Food chains show one way living things depend on each other.
Food chains show only one path of food and energy through an ecosystem.
Food chains show the feeding relationships between living things.
Food chains show the order in which animals consume food.
Food chains show the transfer of energy from the sun to producers to consumers and to decomposers.
Food chains start with a producer and end with a consumer.
Food chains start with a producer, proceed to consumers and finally to decomposers.
Food chains trace the transfer of energy from one organism to another in an ecosystem.
Food chains track the transfer of energy and inorganic nutrients from one organism to another.
Food chains transfer energy from one trophic level to another.
Food chains vary in length from three to six or more levels.
All food chains begin at the producer level.
All food chains begin with a green plant.
All food chains begin with photosynthetic green plants or producers .
All food chains begin with sunlight.
All food chains begin with the energy sent to Earth from our nearest star, the Sun.
All food chains start with a green plant.
All food chains start with a producer.
All food chains start with energy from the sun.
All food chains start with the sun.
Every food chain begins with a food producer.
Every food chain begins with a producer that occupies the first trophic level.
Many food chains are dependent upon the plant and invertebrate life of riparian areas.
Many food chains have no more than four or five trophic levels.
Most food chains are interconnected.
Most food chains are only three or four links long.
Most food chains begin with green plants which use solar energy to produce food.
Most food chains consist of producers, consumers, and decomposers.
Most food chains contain SIX or more trophic levels.
Most food chains have no more than four or five links.
Most food chains start with green plants making food energy from the sun.
Most food chains start with photosynthesizers.
Some food chains are very short.
Some food chains share components.
Food chemists test products.
Food chemists work for industries.
Food chemists work for private industries.
Most food chemists work for industries.
Most food chemists work for private industries.
Some food chemists improve taste.
Food chemistry encompasses activities from agricultural raw materials to consumer end-use products.
Food chemistry is an important contributor to the nutrition of the public.
Food choice can have a substantial effect on a child's future health.
Food choice is highly personal.
Food choices affect weight loss.
Food choices are generally wide.
Food choices are one of the easiest places to exercise dollar power.
Food choices are vast, including everything from fajitas to fine French cuisine.
Food choices can indicate social status, religious beliefs, celebrations or even gender.
Food choices depend on conditions.
Food choices depend on history, culture and environment, as well as on energy and nutrient needs.
Food choices depend on vegetation conditions.
Food choices follow an addictive pattern, with nutrient deficiencies based on poor food choices.
Food choices have health implications as well.
Food choices have impact.
Food choices have incredible power.
Food choices have positive impact.
Food choices have power.
Food choices make a world of difference.
Food choices play an important role in disorderly eating patterns.
Food choices range from ethnic cuisine to various cheeses and a cornucopia of vegetables.
Food choices range from wings to fajitas, and the prices are moderate.
Food choices satisfy small and large appetites.
Food choices sounds a lot more appealing than going on a diet.
Food choices tend to be seasonal.
Many food choices are okay as long as the choices are balanced.
More food choices make it harder for college students to eat healthfully.
Most food choices depend on conditions.
Most food choices depend on vegetation conditions.
Most food choices have impact.
Most food choices have incredible power.
Most food choices have positive impact.
Most food choices have power.
Some food choices affect health.
Some food choices are immune to education or threat.
Some food choices are smarter than others.
Some food choices base on lifestyle.
Some food choices travel on the water better than others.
Food City is one of the finest retail companies in America.
Food color is added by some, however, it serves no purpose other than to attract the young customer.
Food color is added.
Food color is an important sensory attribute, especially for Asian raw noodles.
Food colors treat different poodings, and modern medicine treats mental illnesses.
Food coloring can also add some excitement.
Food coloring can stain clothing.
Food coloring has water in it, so the drops go to the water layer.
Food coloring is a food product
Food coloring is optional but can be purchased in the grocery store in the baking aisle.
Food coloring is the obvious answer.
Food coloring is unnecessary in nectar.
Food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in cooking at home .
Food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in cooking at home.
Food coloring is used to match the color of a cheese product .
Food coloring is used to match the color of a cheese product.
Food coloring makes it easier yet to see the fluid flowing.
Food coloring makes the solution look prettier.
Food colouring can help to improve contrast in liquid level experiments.
Food colouring is a food product
Food colouring is used to colour food, but some foods have natural colourings, like beta carotene.
Some food colourings can stain clothes or skin.
Food coma sets in.
Food combinations act differently from foods in isolation.
Food combining becomes easy and very beneficial especially after cleansing.
Food combining can be a complex topic.
Food combining can be a great help.
Food combining is a belief with little basis in fact.
Food combining is another field.
Food combining is designed to facilitate easier digestion.
Food combining is nothing new.
Food combining is one of the real secrets of staying young.
Food combining is, therefore, of greatest important as it relates to salivary and gastric digestion.
A food company is a company
Food companies add color to food to influence what it tastes like.
Food companies are companies.
Food companies are quite secretive and protective of their food product development concepts.
Food companies can go online to post inventory available for donation, including perishables.
Food companies can list others if they want.
Food companies can take a liquid fat and change it to a trans fat which makes the fat more solid.
Food companies can voluntarily list other vitamins and minerals in the food.
Food companies can voluntarily list others.
Food companies do such tests to see what people prefer.
Food companies have a critical stake in ensuring and safeguarding the integrity of their brands.
Food companies have the option of listing other nutrients in the food.
Food companies have the option to list other vitamins and minerals that are in the food.
Food companies offer summer employment.
Food companies rush to develop microwavable food products.
Food companies seek out the O.K. for innovative solutions to kashrus issues.
Food companies support training activities.
Food companies use natural gas to dry products like potato chips and pretzels.
Food companies use the space, saving on refrigeration costs.
Many food companies have pages on the Web.
Many food companies seek interns and graduates through their office.
Some food companies use additives containing neurotoxic aluminum.
Food consumption alters enzyme levels.
Food consumption alters levels.
Food consumption depends on the size of the animal.
Food consumption is low in winter until colonies begin to rear brood.
Food consumption is no exception.
Food container is dishwasher safe.
Food containers come in five sizes and fit into the meal trays and other food hardware.
Food containers go into the plastic bags and eating utensils and trays are cleaned with wet wipes.
Food containers yogurt, margarine, take-out, salad bar, etc.
Some food containers are made of foam polystyrene.
Some food containers are made of polystyrene.
Food contamination brings every form of plague.
Food contamination can bring more than a passing stomachache.
Food contamination can happen anywhere fromthe finest restaurant to our own kitchen.
Food contamination can occur at any stage during food production, shipping, storage and preparation.
Food contamination interferes with recycling.
Food contamination is most risky in any raw foods.
Most food contamination is caused by organisms that occur naturally in foods.
Many food cooperatives offer discounts for members who volunteer.
Food corporations spend a lot of money on their commercials so that the food looks very appetizing.
A food court is a courtyard
Food court features international fast foods.
Food court features seven restaurants.
Food court has large menu, bakery, appetizers, ice cream.
Food court is stanky.
Food courts are a madhouse even at the really unpopular places.
Food courts are areas where people buy food .
Food courts are areas where people buy food.
Food courts are available in every terminal as well as quality sit down dining.
Food courts are courts.
Food courts are located in malls.
Food courts are part of plazas.
Food courts are the worst things for environment.
Food craving is one of the main weapons that gut thugs use to compete for nutrients.
Food cravings are especially difficult to pin down to a cause.
Food cravings are normal.
Food cravings begin in the first trimester.
Food cravings can also be instinctual urges to replenish nutrients.
Food cravings come in countless flavors and configurations.
Food cravings don t result in overeating for most women.
Food cravings have little to do with hunger.
Food critics arrive unannounced and pay for all meals and services.
Food crops add to the diversity, too.
Food crops are easy because the data are publicly available.
Food crops are less likely to be attacked by insects and can eliminate pesticides and herbicides.
Food crops are rice, maize, legumes, potatoes, rye and barley.
Food crops are usually mixed with cash crops to help ensure both sustenance and disposable income.
Food crops depend on bees.
Food Crops Soc.
Most food crops depend on bees.
Most food crops have thousands of varieties.
Some food crops are rice, corn, and beans.
Some food crops become alternatives.
Some food crops become viable alternatives.
Food culture evolves, albeit slowly.
Food cycle is the antiquated term that is synonymous with food web.
FOOD DAY Ask the children to bring in foods to eat.
Food dehydration is essential for many California crops.
Food deliveries arrive daily.
Food diaries can be very revealing.
Food diaries help to understand one's eating habits.
Food diaries serve two purposes.
Food diets consist of food.
Food diets consist of meat.
Food diets consist of muscle meat.
Food diets play roles.
Food diets play support roles.
Food diets play vital roles.
Food diets play vital support roles.
Food diets provide nutrients.
Food diets provide rich nutrients.
Food distribution continues to remain a problem in the peninsula.
Food distribution creates a lot of solid waste.
Food distribution influences patterns.
Food distribution is difficult because the schools are located in remote areas.
Food distribution is done by the fluid within the coelom.
Food distribution is important, but most folks have at least a few cans of beans in the kitchen.
Food distribution is made through the issuance of checks redeemable at participating grocery stores.
Food distribution is still pending and the population is tense due to the continuing aftershocks.
Food distribution plays an important role in a colony.
Food distribution takes the form of emergency food parcels and the provision of free bread.
Food distributions are underway at both places.
Food distributions are underway for the affected populations.
Food distributions continue in most IDP camps in Freetown and upcountry.
Food donations are also welcome.
Food donations come from both retail and wholesale businesses.
Food donations drop off during the summer.
Food donations go to our foster homes and to needy families with pets.
Food donations welcome.
Every food donation feeds a hungry child.
Food drives are also a source of our stock.
Food drives are also an important way of helping out the poor.
Food Drives are ongoing, especially in winter months.
Food drives can ameliorate hunger.
Food drives can provide the highest quality food for distribution to emergency food boxes.
Food drives can range in size and duration.
Food drives conducted by churches, civic groups and businesses are also a valuable source of food.
Food dyes are low hazard.
Food energy can also be and is expressed as heat energy .
Food energy can also be and is expressed as heat energy.
Food energy is a key to protecting mountain climbers from cold injuries including hypothermia.
Food energy is removed from the grid when replicators eat.
Food engineers help develop new food products.
Many food engineers move into management positions within ten years.
Food engineering is a practical component of food science education.
Food fads come and go just as hem lines rise and fall.
Food fads come and go, but they are sure to stay in our memories.
Food Festivals Find out where a food festival is going on anywhere in the world.
Food fights are a definite no-no.
A food fish is fish
Food fish is a major pathway of exposure for birds.
Food Fish make up the greatest portion of the otter's diet.
FOOD FOOD is overpriced and bland beyond imagination.
Food fortification fits well with the mission statements of most food companies.
Food fortification is an old process.
Food gatherers collect food.
Food gathering becomes more difficult so the bears begin looking for dens.
Food gathering is another important skill needed by the beaver.
Food gathering is very competitive, especially when there is snow on the ground.
Food giant offers line of cheese free of controversial hormone.
Food grain is a food product
Food grain is a maturing food market in the medium run.
Food grains consist of cereals such as rice, wheat, jowar, bajra, and maize as well as pulses.
Food grains have to be within the price range of the great majority.
Food groups are a practical way to display which foods contain the most of a particular nutrient.
Food Groups Identify different food groups.
Every food group is represented in the recipes.
Some food groups tend to prevent cancer while others tend to increase the incidence of cancer.
Food guides are ready to move as well after lots of good discussion among the editors in the forums.
Food habits appear to differ among estuarine areas.
Food habits are a way of strengthening community ties.
Food habits are among the most important things a child learns.
Food habits are likely to change further, with infringement on mealtime.
Food habits are perhaps the most direct in their effects on the system.
Food habits change over decades.
Food habits change over last decades.
Food habits change over last several decades.
Food habits change over several decades.
Food habits contribute to the prevalence of dental caries.
Food habits influence growth.
Food Habits Painted turtles feed mainly on plants, small animals, and some carrion.
Food habits Tell, in simple terms, what the animal eats.
Food habits vary depending on season.
Food habits vary greatly among the raptors.
Food habits vary significantly according to species, location, and season.
Most food habits change over decades.
Most food habits change over last decades.
Most food habits change over last several decades.
Most food habits change over several decades.
Food hamburgers come from cattle.
Food hamburgers come from dairy cattle.
Food- hamster eat a prepared seed diet, pellets and vegetables.
Food historians confirm early Chinese immigrants arrived with edible supplies.
Some food historians believe it was sfinciune that inspired the Chicago deep-dish pizza.
Food histories are the backbone of the epidemiologic investigations.
Food hygiene is especially important during pregnancy.
Food hygiene is more difficult to practise safely with meat and animal foods.
Food industries use products.
Food industry depends on plant products.
Food industry is well developed.
Most food industries use products.
Some food industries take positions.
Food ingestion has effects.
Food ingredients appear in the order of greatest quantity to smallest quantity.
All food ingredients are government approved.
Many food ingredients come from genetically modified sources.
Food insecurity affects entire country of The Gambia.
Food insecurity exists in every single county in the United States.
Food insecurity Fighting food insecurity is therefore a major concern of developing countries.
Food insecurity is a critical concern with widespread child and maternal malnutrition.
Food insecurity is an ever increasing problem affecting the working poor.
Food insecurity is of prime concern in terms of both availability and accessibility.
Food insecurity is primarily a problem of access rather than availability.
Food insecurity lies at the root of violent conflict.
Food insecurity occurs when access is limited or uncertain.
Food inspection begins.
Food inspection is inadequate.
Food inspections are public record.
Food inspectors inspect meat processing and packaging companies.
Food intake associated with marijuana use is influenced by the social setting.
Food intake increases production.
Food intake is commonly limited, especially during acute attacks.
Food intake is controlled by specific neurons located in the hypothalamus.
Food intake is controlled to some extent by conscious factors.
Food intake is divided into three meals and one to three snacks.
Food intake is essential, and more importantly foods that fuel metabolic changes are needed.
Food intake is lowest in winter.
Food intake is monitored closely while a patient is hospitalized.
Food intake is regulated via neural circuits located in the hypothalamus.
Food intake needs to be monitored.
Food intake provides living organisms with the energy needed to grow and develop.
Most food intake increases production.
Some food intake comes from food.
Some food intake comes from high quality food.
Some food intake includes vegetables.
Food intolerance can affect anyone.
Food intolerance can occur the first time a food is fed.
Food intolerance disrupts our immune system.
Food intolerance is a growing problem.
Food intolerance is a much more common problem than allergy.
Food intolerance is another story.
Food intolerance is further divided into enzymatic and pharmacological types.
Food intolerance is intolerance.
Food intolerance is more common and more likely to begin in adulthood.
Food intolerance is more common than food allergy.
Food intolerance is much more common than food allergy.
Food intolerance is sometimes confused with food allergy .
Food intolerances are actually much more common than food allergies.
Food intolerances are far more common than many people believe.
Food intolerances are more common than allergies and more likely to occur with adults.
Food intolerances can develop at any age and are particularly connected with stress.
Food intolerances involve faulty immune responses and work in a cumulative fashion.
Food irradiation can prevent avoidable losses of food supply.
Food irradiation can prevent illness and deaths associated with contamination of the food supply.
Food irradiation carries numerous side effects.
Food irradiation destroys vitamins and makes food less nutritious.
Food irradiation eliminates the cost of separate transport for refrigerated food items.
Food irradiation exposes food to high levels of radiant energy to kill dangerous microorganisms.
Food irradiation gives the factory farming system a new lease on life.
Food irradiation has several purposes.
Food irradiation involves treating certain types of food with ionising energy or radiation.
Food irradiation is a complement to the food industry's already safe food manufacturing practices.
Food irradiation is a means to keep meat cheap, and producers free of legal liability.
Food irradiation is a process that kills harmful microorganisms.
Food irradiation is a processing treatment applied to food.
Food irradiation is a safe and effective processing method for enhancing the safety of food.
Food irradiation is a safe and effective way to pasteurize and sterilize many foods.
Food irradiation is a safe, simple and relatively inexpensive process to make foods safer.
Food irradiation is a technology that can add an extra measure of safety to foods.
Food irradiation is a way of preserving food, similar to canning or pasteurization.
Food irradiation is blazingly high-tech.
Food irradiation is one tool for improving food safety by killing pathogenic microorganisms.
Food irradiation is perhaps the most thoroughly investigated food processing technology.
Food irradiation is surely the most studied of all food processes or additives.
Food irradiation is the controlled process of treating foods with ionizing radiation.
Food irradiation is the treatment of food by a certain type of energy.
Food irradiation is used extensively in many countries.
Food irradiation is very easy to understand from a holistic point of view.
Food irradiation offers one solution for quality of the food supply.
Food irradiation remains controversial.
Food irradiation utilizes penetrating radiation, which sanitizes throughout the meat or poultry.
Food label allows safety from misapplication.
Food labels are a powerful and important mechanism that can influence consumer preferences.
Food labels are also useful, both for skill teaching and to discuss nutritional values.
Food labels are the most recognized and useful nutrition information tool in the United States.
Food labels can be a useful guide to choosing packaged foods lower in saturated fat.
Food labels can be misleading.
Food labels can get confusing.
Food labels come on all packaged foods.
Food labels do include fiber as part of the total carb content.
Food labels give lots of information like serving size, calories, and amount of fat in a serving.
Food labels have to be more truthful to the consumers.
Food labels list fat in grams.
Food labels list ingredients by weight, with the largest amount first.
Food labels list ingredients in order of amount present in the food, from most to least.
Food labels list nutrition information, including fat calories.
Food labels list the amount of sodium in a serving.
Food labels list the amount of sodium in the food in milligrams.
Food labels list the fiber content of the food.
Food labels list the grams of dietary fiber per serving.
Food labels provide information in the list of ingredients and on the nutrition label.
Food labels provide nearly adequate data to enable the individual to control carbohydrate intake.
Food labels require information on food content to be displayed.
Food labels show carbohydrate content.
Food labels show the amount of fiber in a serving.
Food labels tell how many carbohydrates a food has in it.
Many food labels claim to be for all rodents, but diet requirements actually vary greatly.
Many food labels have a tollfree number to contact the manufacturer.
Most food labels list the amount of saturated fat in that product.
Food laws ensure that the consumer gets a fair deal.
A food market is a marketplace
Food markets accept higher rates of spoilage for fruits and vegetables.
Food microbiology is obligatory for all students.
All food mills come apart for easy cleaning.
Most food mills have hooks that allow the machine to rest on a bowl or pot.
Some food mills come with several interchangeable plates with small, medium and large holes.
Food molds have over the past year become a very popular item to collect.
Food packaging is the strongest area in the collection.
Food pantries continue to be an important, often under supported, ministry.
Food pantries depend on donations, and often odd stuff gets thrown into the sack.
Food pantries provide urgently needed help.
Food pantry supplies basic groceries for the needy.
Many food pantries are empty now because the donations stop after the holidays.
Food particles suspend in water.
Food photography is similar to still life photography, but requires some special skills.
Food Plants are the primary source of energy supporting large, complex food webs in any environment.
Food Plants produce foods like vegetables and wheat.
Many food plants are , or are grown as , annuals , including most domesticated grains .
Many food plants are grasses.
Many food plants are, or are grown as, annuals, including most domesticated grains.
Many food plants contain similar toxins in some parts of the plant.
Food plots are an amazing strategy for attracting and growing deer.
Food plots are basically a year-round affair.
Food plots are close to most stock tanks.
Food plots are difficult to establish, especially during stressful years when they are most needed.
Food plots can attract deer for watching, hunting, or photography.
Food plots can enhance deer habitat by offering both food and cover.
Food plots cover all range of plant life including aquatic.
Food plots feed deer and ducks.
Food plots play a major role in managing deer herds and other game.
Some food plots attract deer.
Some food plots consist of clay.
Some food plots consist of red clay.
Some food plots improve quality.
Food Points carry over from semester to semester.
Food Points vary according to the number of meals selected.
Food poison is caused by toxins.
Most food poison is caused by toxins.
Some food poison is caused by water.
Food poisoning can also cause vomiting.
Food poisoning can be life threatning.
Food poisoning can be very dangerous.
Food poisoning can be very serious.
Food poisoning can cause miscarriage.
Food poisoning can cause various ailments, such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and stomach pains.
Food poisoning can cause vomiting, stomach cramps and flu-like symptoms.
Food poisoning can dehydrate a mother and deprive the fetus of nourishment.
Food poisoning can even be deadly in extreme cases, most often with the elderly or the very young.
Food poisoning can occur from eating contaminated food or water, or from unsafe food handling.
Food poisoning happens when food comes in contact with bacteria.
Food poisoning is a bacterium caused illness.
Food poisoning is a general term to denote any illness resulting from the consumption of food.
Food poisoning is a miserable and potentially dangerous experience.
Food poisoning is a serious danger in the summer months .
Food poisoning is a serious illness.
Food poisoning is a serious risk only for vulnerable populations, like the very young.
Food poisoning is already more difficult to treat.
Food poisoning is an example of a bacterial infection.
Food poisoning is an illness caused by eating harmful or contaminated food.
Food poisoning is an illness resulting from consuming contaminated food or water.
Food poisoning is an illness
Food poisoning is another issue, especially with fish and meat products.
Food poisoning is caused by eating food that is contaminated by bacteria.
Food poisoning is caused by organisms from the environment, many of which occur naturally in foods.
Food poisoning is caused by preparing and storing foods improperly.
Food poisoning is common, it's a real illness that can kill people and it is preventable.
Food poisoning is illnesses.
Food poisoning is largely bacterial in origin.
Food poisoning is linked to thirty different bacteria from e-coli to salmonella.
Food poisoning is no day at the beach.
Food poisoning is no fun.
Food poisoning is no picnic.
Food poisoning is often the aftermath of a lovely summer picnic.
Food poisoning is on the increase all over the world.
Food poisoning is on the rise globally.
Food poisoning is on the rise.
Food poisoning is one good reason.
Food poisoning is poisoning.
Food poisoning is possible when foods become contaminated.
Food poisoning is rare in the UK however there have been many outbreaks in the USA and Scandinavia.
Food poisoning is the general term for getting sick from eating contaminated food.
Food poisoning is the price paid by the public to ensure the healthy profits of agribusiness.
Food poisoning is the real nuisance at family picnics.
Food poisoning is unpleasant even if it's a mild form.
Food poisoning is way better than colitis.
Food poisoning is, at best, uncomfortable and, at worst, fatal.
Food poisoning occurs when spoiled food is eaten.
Most food poisoning is a result of our eating nonhuman animals.
Most food poisoning lasts a day or two and disappears by itself.
Most food poisoning occur at home.
Food policy is also about democracy.
Food policy is now in safe hands is clearly the government's intended message.
Food power is part of food politics .
Food power is part of food politics.
Food power works in much the same way .
Food power works in much the same way.
Food preference is determined by a number of factors.
Food preferences are grease and meat.
Food preferences are major definers of culture.
Food preferences are often seasonal.
Food preferences are therefore an important determinant of a child s food intake.
Food preferences can change, depending on the specific needs of the colony.
Food preferences change with the season.
Food preferences develop as a child is exposed to new foods in a calm, nonthreatening environment.
Food preferences reflect another area of minority influence on mainstream culture.
Food preferences vary among individuals.
Food preferences vary between waters, and depends somewhat on the time of day.
Food preferences vary from guinea pig to guinea pig.
Food preferences vary seasonally.
Food preferences vary somewhat between ant species.
Food preferences vary with season, forage quality, and availability.
Food Preparation Be a safe chef.
Food preparation can be complex and involve many steps.
Food preparation can be complex and involve several steps.
Food preparation can change the form of iron affecting absorption and food quality.
Food preparation involves work far beyond caring for crops and livestock.
Food preparation is a breeze.
Food preparation is a great way to do some hands-on activities with children.
Food preparation is a shared responsibility.
Food preparation is as important as food types.
Food preparation is better organized, easier and faster.
Food preparation is done by qualified trained staff.
Food preparation is done on an open grill outside the yurts.
Food preparation is done outside, in large barrels over charcoal fires.
Food preparation is equally important.
Food preparation is explored through pouring and spooning activities, and washing various object s.
Food preparation is kept simple.
Food preparation is much easier in a familiar location.
Food preparation is one of the most basic and vital human activities.
Food preparation is simple, involving one or two steps.
Food preparation is the most sophisticated art developed in China since pre-Qin period.
Food preparation plays a big part in carcinogen exposure.
Food preparation plays a big part in food carcinogen exposure.
Food preparation requires a lot of time, planning, manpower, and expertise.
Food preparation takes a bit of time since each item is prepared for each order.
Food preparation takes quite a bit of time in the morning.
Food preparation using special diet products is included.
Food preparations tend to be simple, with sauces.
All food preparation is overseen by the owners.
Food presentation is an art form.
Food presentation is contemporary, too.
Food presentation is excellant.
Food presentations are unique, creative, tastefully prepared and artfully served.
Food preservation can mean a shorter grocery list and better tasting produce on cold, snowy days.
Food preservation is achieved by disturbing the homeostasis of microorganisms.
Food preservation is another prime use of radiation.
Food preservation is dependent on strict temperature controls.
Food preservatives inhibit cavity-causing bacteria.
Food prices are about the same as in America.
Food prices are comparable to Pittsburgh.
Food prices are exceptionally reasonable.
Food prices are generally very low by Singapore standards, except in upmarket restaurants.
Food prices are high because of transport and marketing constraints.
Food prices are high for the same reason.
Food prices are higher than mainland U.S. prices.
Food prices are low to moderate.
Food prices are one of the chief factors driving Polish inflation.
Food prices are quite reasonable.
Food prices are reasonable and portions are huge.
Food prices are reasonable, far lower than in the Houston area, and the service is good.
Food prices are reasonable.
Food prices are relatively stable in most urban markets where imported food is available.
Food prices are still high because of logistics and marketing constraints.
Food prices are subject to change each semester, depending on market price.
Food prices are to reflect market forces and domestic energy prices their full import costs.
Food prices are usually much higher at or near major attractions.
Food prices are very high.
Food prices are very moderate.
Food prices are very reasonable as Thailand is an agricultural country.
Food prices continue to rise due to shortages caused by weather, pests, and gas.
Food prices exclude sales tax.
Food prices remain stable.
Food prices vary based on location.
Food prices vary per vendor.
Food prices vary.
Food processing can remove some nutrients during manufacturing.
Food processing constitutes the main part of local industries.
Food Processing Following is the list of business opportunities on food process industry.
Food processing has a long history.
Food processing includes meat packing, cheese making, brewing, and canning.
Food processing is a highly specialized Industry.
Food processing is a major enterprise.
Food processing is an enterprise that seems particularly promising to the study's authors.
Food processing is an important activity, and tourism is growing.
Food processing is another important economic activity.
Food processing is another key industry.
Food processing is important to our commodity producers.
Food processing is indicated by the many grinding features on the granite bedrock boulders.
Food processing is the area's major industry.
Food processing is the chief industry.
Food processing is the chief manufacturing activity.
Food processing is the city's most important manufacturing activity.
Food processing is the largest local industry.
Food processing is the largest manufacturing industry in the United States.
Food Processing is the major employer in the region.
Food processing is the major industry, followed by lumber, chemicals, clothing and cement.
Food processing is the other major economical boost to the market.
Food processing is the primary manufacturing activity.
Food processing is the primary responsibility of women.
Food processing removes even more nutrients from the food.
Food processing removes magnesium.
All food processing involves the transfer of energy.
Any food processing requires good sanitation practice.
A food processor is a kitchen appliance
Food processors are kitchen appliances.
Food processors are kitchen tools.
Food processors can chop, slice, dice, puree, mix doughs and even grind bread crumbs.
Food processors can have a wide price range.
Food processors can standardize on one brand of pumps.
Food processors can use the new test to detect minute traces of peanut in processed foods.
Food processors follow similar procedures in extracting natural volatile oils for flavoring.
Food processors incur substantial cost to reformulate products and change labels.
Food processors prepare salad type items like coleslaw or picante sauce.
Food processors range from large to small in motor size and bowl capacity.
Food processors rely on automated systems that help prepare and package consumer-ready products.
All food processors can chop, slice, shred and puree foods.
Many food processors are reportedly angry over the decision.
Many food processors avoid it for fear they'll have to recall a product.
Many food processors buy fresh grains and produce from Tennessee farmers to put in their recipes.
Some food processors mix and knead dough.
Food producers are required to list the specific type of vegetable fat used, including palm oil.
Food producers boast an annual advertising budget as big as the portion sizes they advertise.
Food producers can certify entire product lines or lots on a per-order basis.
Food producers prefer to buy imported equipment, mostly from Europe.
Food producers use people to sniff their products and try to find problems.
Most food producers are women.
A food product is food
Food product is reviewed, smelled, and examined.
Food product is tasted again, salivated, chewed, and exposed to full mouth area.
Food product is tasted.
Food products advertised are heavy on sugar and fat.
Food products are lighter than gasoline and require less support.
Food products are very expensive to produce in Japan.
Food products contain additive color.
Food products contain color.
Food products discarded by humans can therefore pose a serious risk to animals.
Food products have to be geared to local tastes.
Food products made with the new canola oil still have the pleasant taste of regular canola oil.
Food products manufacture.
Food products play major roles.
Food products play roles.
Food products represent the preparation and sale of pancakes and other products.
Food products require registration when imported for the first time.
Food products shown are ceramic and part of the platter.
Food products treated with ozone are also free of disinfectant residues.
Food products undergo chemical changes after exposure to radiation.
Food products undergo chemical changes after exposure to radioactive isotopes.
Food products vanish.
All food products are duty exempted.
All food products come from small artisans using traditional methods of preparation.
All food products have a history.
Any food product takes a little more consideration and planning for.
Many food products are made with alcoholic fermentation, which produces ethanol.
Many food products contain ingredients like eggs, milk, honey, butter, or other animal products.
Many food products mark the expiration date right on the package.
Many food products provide a nutritional label that lists the number of grams of fat in the food.
Most food products are delivered to the consumer in some type of package.
Most food products contain additive color.
Most food products contain color.
Most food products play major roles.
Most food products play roles.
Some food products are made from mixtures of whole grains and refined grains.
Some food products become rancid as they decompose or oxidize.
Some food products come from animals.
Some food products come from trees.
Some food products contain caffeine.
Some food products contain pesticide residues.
Some food products contain residues.
Some food products contain seeds.
Some food products contain unsafe pesticide residues.
Some food products contain unsafe residues.
Food production methods involve energy.
Food production begins in southwestern Asia.
Food production consumes more fresh water than any other activity in the United States.
Food production continues to decrease.
Food production demands higher cycling and pressure than other isostatic pressing applications.
Food production has more than kept up with the population growth.
Food production has, in vast tracks of the world, become an industry rather than a craft.
Food production is a critical and an essential renewable resource.
Food production is a crucial area in the new Nicaraguan economy.
Food production is a hot topic.
Food production is a massive commercial enterprise with great political power.
Food production is achieved by reprocessing soil and rocks in huge factories.
Food production is America's largest industry.
Food production is based on a long-term view.
Food production is considered sacred and a ritual is performed after harvest.
Food production is especially interesting.
Food production is essential to our progress and to our nation's continued strength and security.
Food production is essential to the maintenance of life.
Food production is guided by seasons of produce.
Food production is impossible in conflict areas, and famine often results.
Food production is mainly dependant upon land and water resources.
Food production is no longer possible.
Food production is now in decline.
Food production is of prime interest in many parts of the world.
Food production is through the gardening of the soil and the pasturing of sheep and goats.
Food production is totally dependent on favorable growing conditions.
Food production is very much a function of climate, which in itself is unpredictable.
Food production promotes growth.
Food production remains a problem.
Food production requires fertile cropland, freshwater, and sunlight.
Food production requires heavy subsidy.
Food production requires high volumes of energy, water and land.
Food production varies widely with seasonal conditions.
Most food production promotes growth.
Some food production occurs in plants.
Food proteins can bind other flavor components.
A food pyramid is a natural phenomenon
Food pyramids show relationships between the above trophic levels.
Food quality compares with the best anywhere but be warned - good food comes at a price in Dublin.
Food quality depends on twig bite size, fiber, species, and spacing in habitat.
Food quality has slipped, service is as tired as the decor.
Food quality is a critical element to increasing student participation.
Food quality is a key factor in disease prevention.
Food quality is average, as is the service.
Food quality is average.
Food quality is complex and is described by multiple parameters.
Food quality is considered to consist of good products as well as good farming practices.
Food quality is excellent and the counter service is quick.
Food quality is good, and service more attentive than on some of the larger ships.
Food quality is good.
Food quality is the most critical to the overall rating.
Food rations are minimal, and sleep impossible.
Food rations consist of flour, oil and sugar.
Food records are our basic clinical tool, along with weight loss, as an index to nutritional status.
Food research ranges from consumer science to molecular interactions.
Food residues pass into intestines.
Food residues pass into large intestines.
Food restaurants have doors.
Food restaurants offer choices.
Food riots are common.
Food riots create an armed population.
Food riots erupt.
Food riots seem to have hit many places.
Food safety affects all foodservice providers and their customers.
Food safety begins in the kitchen, where food is handled and prepared.
Food safety begins on the farm - a grower s guide .
Food safety begins with and relies on the cleanliness of the food handler.
Food safety continues to be a concern for government, industry, and consumers.
Food safety continues to be a high priority for consumers and governments.
Food safety continues to be the top priority.
Food safety demands it.
Food safety derives from the ethical principle of do no harm.
Food safety has to be the driving force in the regulation of the food supply.
Food safety including laws, regulations and GMPs is incorporated.
Food safety is a big issue in Europe.
Food safety is a big part of their job, but it is everyone's responsibility.
Food safety is a big problem today throughout the world, in countries of all kinds.
Food safety is a common-sense issue.
Food safety is a community concern and takes team effort.
Food safety is a cost and a part of doing business in today's environment.
Food safety is a crucial requirement for our flour.
Food safety is a family issue.
Food safety is a fundamental objective for all governments.
Food safety is a global and growing public health challenge.
Food safety is a growing concern among consumers.
Food safety is a growing issue.
Food safety is a high priority issue, particularly in developing countries.
Food safety is a huge issue in the foodservice industry.
Food safety is a major concern for consumers.
Food safety is a major driver in the formation of chains.
Food safety is a major focus of food microbiology.
Food safety is a multifaceted problem.
Food safety is a primary consumer and industry concern.
Food safety is a primary goal of improving the manufacturing environment.
Food safety is a priority issue, and pork safety is well ahead of beef and poultry.
Food safety is a problem around the holidays.
Food safety is a public health issue.
Food safety is a shared responsibility.
Food safety is a top concern of the chicken industry.
Food safety is a year around concern.
Food safety is addressed by experts in other international fora.
Food safety is also a concern with foodborne illness claiming many lives each year.
Food safety is also about keeping foods at their freshest.
Food safety is also an area of concern.
Food safety is also an issue with many of our export markets.
Food safety is also important to a healthy diet.
Food safety is always a big concern when visiting a foreign country.
Food safety is an evolving science.
Food safety is an extremely important issue.
Food safety is an important aspect of home preservation.
Food safety is an important issue with the public.
Food safety is an important trend in Canadian agriculture.
Food safety is an interesting phrase.
Food safety is an issue that concerns every food producer and consumer.
Food safety is an issue that is on the minds of all policy makers.
Food safety is an issue that needs the attention of everyone involved in the food system.
Food safety is another convenient excuse.
Food safety is another important objective.
Food safety is another requirement.
Food safety is compromised by the lack of a public health laboratory.
Food safety is critical.
Food safety is easy.
Food safety is everybody's business.
Food safety is everyone s concern.
Food safety is everyone's concern.
Food safety is everyone's responsibility.
Food safety is important during pregnancy.
Food safety is important year around, but during the holidays it becomes increasingly important.
Food safety is important year round, but during the holidays it becomes increasingly important.
Food safety is just as important.
Food safety is necessary to prevent bacteria on raw foods from causing illness.
Food safety is no mystery .
Food safety is non-negotiable.
Food safety is of great concern to the general public.
Food safety is of paramount concern to the foodservice sector.
Food safety is of utmost importance to the restaurant industry.
Food safety is of vital concern for our people.
Food safety is often in the news and on the minds of consumers.
Food safety is one area that's opening up job opportunities for new grads.
Food safety is one of our most complicated issues.
Food safety is one of the most vexing issues facing agriculture today.
Food safety is one reason country of origin information is important.
Food safety is our number one corporate objective.
Food safety is our number one objective.
Food safety is our way of life.
Food safety is paramount.
Food safety is part of our citizens' basic contract with the government.
Food safety is stressed.
Food safety is taken for granted.
Food safety is the consumer's priority.
Food safety is the final element of sustainable food security.
Food safety is the number one concern for consumers.
Food safety is the number one concern for the produce industry, both organic and conventional.
Food safety is the responsibility of all employees.
Food safety is the subject of two articles.
Food safety is truly a kitchen-table issue for the American public.
Food safety needs to be a main ingredient of any salad bar to prevent foodborne illnesses.
Food safety remains a key issue with exports.
Food safety See what our government is doing about food safety.
Food samples are available.
Food samples are handed out all day, the favorite seems to be our solar cooked pizza.
Food samples are plentiful, as well as great doorprizes and a youth showcase of entertainment.
Food sanitation is a serious public health issue in the meat, dairy, fish, and water industries.
Food scarcity leads to extinction.
Food Science can be team taught by a chemistry teacher and a home economics teacher.
Food science integrates knowledge of the chemical composition of food materials.
Food science is a broad and complex field.
Food science is an applied science.
Food science is everything from the farm gate to the dinner plate.
Food science is one of the seven scientific areas supported by the foundation.
Food science uses scientific methods in laboratory experiments to help understand food.
Food scientists advise people in management on new equipment and new sources of supplies.
Food scientists are the people behind food safety and new products.
Food scientists can help by processing excess crop yields and thereby reduce post-harvest losses.
Food scientists command excellent salaries and benefits.
Food scientists compare it to the amount of alcohol that occurs in very ripe fresh fruits.
Food scientists create new foods and innovative processes.
Food scientists evaluate values.
Food scientists have yet to address themselves to the rural problems of Bangladesh.
Food scientists hold an important place in their field.
Food scientists hope to genetically modify crops to add vitamins and minerals.
Food scientists lead the world in food quality, safety, technology, and abundance.
Food Scientists look for cost-effective ways of using the food supply to feed the world.
Food scientists look for ways.
Food scientists provide safe, convenient, wholesome food for the ever-increasing population.
Food scientists say the United States has the safest and most ample food supply in the world.
Food scientists serve in government regulatory agencies and academic institutions.
Food scientists study food to improve existing products or create new ones.
Food scientists study the physical,microbiological, and chemical makeup of food.
Food scientists to develop alternatives.
Food scientists to develop other alternatives.
Food scientists work closely with test kitchen staff.
Most food scientists evaluate values.
Most food scientists look for ways.
Some food scientists believe such labels are needed to notify consumers of potential allergens.
Some food scientists develop food.
Some food scientists find differences.
Some food scientists find significant differences.
Some food scientists teach classes or train workers.
Food security begins with the producer before either harvesting or marketing.
Food security depends on constant supply of quality cereals.
Food security depends on productive land.
Food security emphasizes food for domestic consumption over agricultural products for trade.
Food security has a component of access to food.
Food security implies reaching productive growth and the preservation of the environment.
Food security involves both safety issues and the availability of adequate food for all citizens.
Food security is a basic human right.
Food security is a basic right of all people.
Food security is a clear example of an objective that requires inter-sectoral cooperation.
Food security is a condition of a healthy community.
Food security is a critical component of child health policy.
Food security is a crucial bridge to cross towards stability and self-sufficiency.
Food security is a global challenge and responsibility.
Food security is a goal of healthy communities.
Food security is a priority issue.
Food security is a problem.
Food security is a relevant topic to almost every practicing member.
Food security is a significant part of the role of animals in food production in many areas.
Food security is a top priority.
Food security is about people.
Food security is achieved when everyone has sufficient food to sustain a healthy and active life.
Food security is all about having enough food.
Food security is defined as access to enough food for an active, healthy life.
Food security is enhanced through maternal and child health and nutrition activities.
Food security is essentially about alleviating poverty.
Food security is major problem of China.
Food security is necessary for health programs to be successful.
Food security is one of Eritrea's most pressing humanitarian needs.
Food security is paramount for excellent health.
Food security is the ability of people to have access to sufficient, nutritious food.
Food security is the access by all people at all times to the food needed for a healthy life.
Food security is the basis for sustainable, equitable development.
Food security is the major concerns of developing countries, especially Cambodia.
Food security is undermined in two main ways.
Food security is viewed strongly by all countries.
Food security means ability to gain access and consume food.
Food security remains a problem.
Food security requires an available and reliable food supply at all times.
Food sensitivities are more elusive to detect.
Food sensitivities can be the most puzzling and frustrating cause of illness.
Food sensitivities can definitely contribute to intestinal problems.
Food sensitivity is an umbrella term, covering both food allergy and food intolerance.
Food server is the broad term that describes anyone who works at a place that serves food.
Food servers keep all of their own tips from cash tipped tables.
Food servers serve.
Food servers tend to be women who are unskilled or uneducated.
Food servers work on their feet for long periods, and are experts at customer service.
Food service workers work in facilities.
Food service begins with lunch.
Food service can also provide table covers.
Food service consists of wings and pizza.
Food service continues one and one half hours into the game.
Food service continues through the last day of final examinations for the fall and spring semester.
Food service ends with breakfast.
Food Service Find out where the dining facilities are, and what is on the menu.
Food service has tremendous responsibilities and staffing is sometimes difficult.
Food service includes vending machines on the lower level of the coach car.
Food service is a problem.
Food service is achieved with a dramatic reduction in personnel.
Food service is also available at a reasonable cost in each conference building.
Food service is also available during the show.
Food service is also available year-round.
Food service is also available, either served or through a full-service cafeteria.
Food service is also available.
Food service is at a counter and at tables.
Food service is available adjacent to the entry pavillion.
Food service is available at both schools.
Food service is available at the convention center or outside food service can be arranged.
Food service is available during the academic year execpt during breaks.
Food service is available for lunch and breakfast.
Food service is available from local caterers.
Food service is available from trained staff with meals being served in the main lodge.
Food service is available in or near all lodges.
Food service is available in the cafeteria.
Food service is available in the Gallery and nearby.
Food service is available in the hotel and nearby.
Food service is available on all campuses.
Food service is available on almost all routes, beer and wine on some.
Food service is available on campus a la carte.
Food service is available seven days a week when full-time undergraduate classes are in session.
Food service is available throughout the show.
Food service is available to both commuter and resident students.
Food service is available to meet a wide range of dietary needs and tastes - from casual to gourmet.
Food service is available upon request.
Food service is available weekdays and weekends whenever classes are in session.
Food service is available with prearrangement.
Food service is available, except for school groups.
Food service is available.
Food service is bad-all Mexican food.
Food service is charged separately.
Food service is extra.
Food service is fine.
Food service is included for participants staying on campus.
Food service is included in each housing contract.
Food service is integral to the educational process.
Food service is limited to hospitality table.
Food service is limited.
Food service is located in a centrally located dining hall.
Food service is located on the first floor, and laundary facilities are located in the basement.
Food service is minimal.
Food service is no longer buffet-style.
Food service is offered as a convenience for the students, faculty, and staff.
Food service is offered at certain terminals.
Food service is offered at very competitive prices.
Food service is offered throughout the day.
Food service is okay.
Food service is provide through a contract vendor.
Food service is provided at Pine Lake for all retreat groups.
Food service is provided by the cafeteria of the agricultural school.
Food service is provided by the jail staff and inmates.
Food service is provided by the jail.
Food service is provided by three employed cooks who are assisted by six juveniles.
Food service is provided for breakfast, lunch, and snacks.
Food service is provided on the weekends throughout the year.
Food service is provided on the weekends.
Food service is provided through community resources and supported by a volunteer network.
Food service is scaled back.
Food service is self-supporting now.
Food service is the fastest growing sector in the hospitality industry.
Food service is the largest retail employer in the country.
Food service is the third largest employer in the nation.
Food service needs to be able to use the elevator as soon as possible.
Food service needs to be looked into.
Food service needs.
Food service offers a variety of selections, including dietary foods and packed lunches for hikers.
Food service provides a variety of food plans for the convenience of the resident students.
Food service provides average to good service.
Food service represents nearly a third of all sales for the holiday.
Food service stops when music begins to cut back on the noise factor.
Food services are available for meetings and functions at a nominal charge.
Food services are available on both Atlanta and Macon campus.
Food services are available only when the university is in session.
Food services are available through a separate agreement.
Food services are available, top and bottom.
Food services are available.
Food services includes the cost of providing breakfasts, lunches and snacks to students.
Food services is a huge market.
Food services is bad.
Food services is geared towards the kids that only get one hot meal per day.
Food services is staffed by highly qualified and dedicated individuals.
Food services needs more hours to work.
Food services obtained from outside sources require approval on the same form.
Food services provide opportunity for either hot plate lunches or snack bar dining.
Food services provide quality foods within proper nutrition guidelines.
Food services squeeze the water out of the waste and ship it to pig farms.
Food services uses state of the art access equipment to identify students on meal plans.
Most food services are available only in summer.
Food sharing appears to require social bonds that require development over long periods of time.
Food shortage is quite common, especially after the planting season and before harvest begins.
Food shortage is still a big problem in the world today.
Food shortages are another problem.
Food shortages are caused by lack.
Food shortages are next on the agenda.
Food shortages are sure to come.
Food shortages are widespread and malnutrition is reported to be increasing.
Food shortages become problems.
Food shortages become severe and unbearable.
Food shortages have the greatest negative impact on children and elderly adults.
Most food shortages are caused by lack.
Most food shortages become problems.
Some food shortages cause starvation.
Food source is equally critical.
Food source varies depending on which region the peccary inhabits.
Food sources are better than supplements because they are generally better absorbed.
Food sources are fish, grains and nuts.
Food sources are large and diverse.
Food sources are limited because of the harsh climate and difficult storage conditions.
Food sources are plentiful from land and sea.
Food sources are preferred for getting antioxidants.
Food sources are present in the form of human waste, food waste and other simple organic material.
Food sources are present in wastewater in the form of human waste, ground garbage, oils grease, etc.
Food sources are readily available for the rearing of young.
Food sources are starches, grains, fruits and vegetables.
Food sources are the best way to get calcium.
Food sources can be anything from dry wall and insulation to carpeting or mattresses.
Food sources can come from local grocer's sales papers.
Food sources contain all eight compounds.
Food sources contain other nutrients such as calcium, protein and some essential fatty acids.
Food sources have a significant effect on calcium absorption.
Food sources have different nutritional values.
Food sources include seeds.
Food sources include water.
Food sources increase antler growth.
Food sources increase growth.
Food sources range from sweets to protein-based foods.
Food sources vary by season, location and availability.
Food sources vary, but typically any small insects they catch in their webs.
Many food sources exist for squirrels in their natural surroundings.
Most food sources have little iodine, but iodized salt is a dietary source.
Most food sources increase antler growth.
Most food sources increase growth.
Some food sources are whole and skim milk, bananas, prunes, and raisins.
Some food sources contribute to intake.
Some food sources contribute to sodium intake.
Some food sources contribute to vitamin d intake.
Some food sources have different values.
Some food sources have values.
Some food sources offer activities.
Some food sources offer beneficial activities.
Some food sources provide food.
Some food sources provide necessary nutrients.
Some food sources provide nutrients.
Food spoilage is wasteful, costly and can adversely affect trade and consumer confidence.
Most food spoilage is due to enzyme action upon food.
Some food stalls stay open until late at night.
Food stamp households contain adults.
A food stamp is a stamp
Food stamps account for a large amount of grocery sales in inner city neighborhoods.
Food stamps account for a large amount of grocery sales in inner city neighbourhoods.
Food stamps are a federal program.
Food stamps are an important support to low income families.
Food stamps are available to any person who qualifies for the program.
Food stamps are coupons that can be used like money to buy only food.
Food stamps are credits on an electronic card.
Food stamps are our nation's first line of defense against hunger.
Food stamps are tenders.
Food stamps are the purest and most fundamental of the federal programs for the poor.
Food stamps are user just like cash at stores for edible, nutritious food items only.
Food stamps are very important because, for adults without kids, that's all they get.
Food stamps can be vital to their well-being.
Food stamps can help.
Food stamps come in colors like blue for a five dollar coupon and green for a ten.
Food stamps have an independent farm-state constituency.
Food stamps help low-income people increase their food purchasing power.
Food stamps help to supplement their meal budget.
Food stamps is a federal program to provide adequate nutrition to people with low incomes.
Food stamps is a federally funded program.
Food stamps is a federally-funded program.
Food stamps is just the first step.
Food stamps last two weeks for the average recipient household.
Food stamps pay for most of their groceries.
Food stamps pay for their groceries.
Food stamps reach more people than any other nutrition assistance program.
Food stamps remain the single most important way to ensure the dietary well-being of poor families.
Food stamps supplement the food buying power of low-income families.
Food stands are open all day.
Food stands are up both days.
Food stands serve a tasty Malay treat, satay.
Food standards are fair and the water in the coastal area is potable.
Food storage is a strategy also adopted by red squirrels.
Food storage is a vital aspect of self-reliance.
Food storage is also an issue for homes without power.
Food storage is also an issue.
Food storage is considered part of being prepared for emergencies and natural disasters.
Food storage is our primary business, and emergency preparedness is our goal.
Food storage is very important when camping in frontcountry campgrounds and trailheads.
Food studies indicate a marked change in feeding habits from summer to winter.
Food Supplements are important to add to our diet.
Food supplements are necessary if the birds are fed on monotype food.
Food supplements help too.
Most food supplements are a waste of money.
Food supplies are adequate but expensive.
Food supplies are at starvation levels.
Food supplies are erratic, drinking water systems a disaster, and intimidation and abuse rife.
Food supplies are inadequate in the camps, and medical care is virtually non-existent.
Food supplies are more ample and nutrition is noticeably better.
Food supplies are on the spot in most distribution centers.
Food supplies are organised.
Food supplies are reportedly unable to reach the area due to flooding.
Food supplies are short and space is cramped, but spirits are unwavering.
Food supplies are the preserve of the cook.
Food supplies arrive but distribution is chaotic with people fighting over supplies.
Food supplies become ever more meagre.
Food supplies begin to disappear at alarming rates as the binger eats, purges, and eats again.
Food supplies comprise domestic production, imports less exports and changes in stocks.
Food supplies dwindle.
Food supplies fuel in the form of glucose and other nutrients.
Food supplies fuel in the form of nutrients.
Food supplies imported from other countries can sometimes be dangerous to our health.
Food supplies seem to be a problem, but in time the ship itself starts to make food.
Food supplies stand still.
Food supply is determined by habitat, climate and veld-condition.
Food supply is often a limiting factor in pelican distribution and range.
Food supply is satisfactory in the South, as the new crop comes into the markets.
Food taboos vary and are often temporary, as with restrictions on pregnant women and initiates.
Food tasters pick apart peanut butter and cookies while breathing specially filtered air.
Food technology continues to be the most popular.
Food technology is similarly important to maintain social stability.
Food technology is the nation's largest industry.
Food thermometers are readily available and only cost a few dollars.
Food thermometers come in several styles, including instant-read digital or dial thermometers.
Food thermometers come in several types and styles and range in level of technology and price.
Food thermometers measure the exact temperature of the food being cooked.
Food trends are perhaps the most important area for farmers to follow.
Food trends change all the time - weekly, monthly, and yearly.
Food trends confirm recent patterns The latest findings come as no surprise.
Food TV has a fine site with some tasty cactus recipes.
Food TV has some truly amazing shows that offer a variety of sizzling talents.
Food vacuoles are formed at the posterior end of the gullet.
Food vacuoles are used to store and digest food that the amoeba has absorbed.
Food vacuoles are used to transport the food through the cell.
Food vacuoles combine with lysosomes.
Food vacuoles contain food particles.
Food vacuoles contain particles.
Food vacuoles develop whenever food is ingested and shrink as digestion progresses.
Food vacuoles digest food.
Food vacuoles encapsulate food consumed by the paramecium.
Food vacuoles form immediately following ingestion.
Most food vacuoles contain food particles.
Most food vacuoles contain particles.
Most food vacuoles digest food.
Some food vacuoles come in contact.
Some food vacuoles fuse with plasma membranes.
Food waste can attract rodents and other vectors.
Food waste can make up a sizable portion of a university's waste stream.
Food waste corrodes the blades and supports bacteria growth in the disposal.
Food waste is a contaminant for recycled paper.
Food waste is a cost.
Food waste is indicated as roughly the same concentration as in a previous study.
Food waste is kept to a minimum.
Food waste is the next biggest category, accounting for slightly less than a fifth .
Food waste is transformed into soil-like humus in three to seven days.
Food waste is waste
Food waste passes into intestines.
Food waste passes into large intestines.
Food wastes are organic materials which can be digested by the bacteria in the tank.
Food wastes dissolve down into the course material.
Most food waste passes into intestines.
Most food waste passes into large intestines.
Food Web has many topics to choose from.
Food web is a collection of food chain that correspond to each other.
Food web is a network of food chains in an ecosystem.
Food web is a network of food chains interconnected at various trophic levels.
Food web is an important ecological concept.
Food web is several food chains connected together.
Food Web Offers free online recipes.
Food web represents complex network of many interconnected food chains and feeding relationships.
Food web represents reality.
Some food web analyses use isotopes.
Some food web analyses use multiple isotopes.
Some food web analyses use multiple stable isotopes.
Some food web analyses use stable isotopes.
Food webs are a central organizing theme in ecology.
Food webs are a model scientists use to show how food chains in a community are interconnected.
Food webs are a more realistic picture of what actual happens in the ecosystem.
Food webs are another emergent property of ecosystems.
Food webs are based both on free-floating algae and upon aquatic plants.
Food webs are basically a bunch of food chains all in one.
Food webs are complex models of the energy flow.
Food webs are complex networks.
Food webs are complicated by the fact that many species feed at various levels.
Food webs are cycles of what eats what.
Food webs are defined by their biomass .
Food webs are defined by their biomass.
Food webs are graphical depictions of the interconnections among species based on energy flow .
Food webs are important for animals and human.
Food webs are more complex, and consist of a network of linked food chains.
Food webs are networks of feeding interactions among species.
Food webs are often complex, with animals eating more than one prey item.
Food webs are, of course, collections of organisms.
Food webs can support food chains that are long and complicated, or very short.
Food webs connect many different food chains, and many different trophic levels.
Food webs describe interdependencies among species in an ecosystem.
Food webs describe the complex interactions within ecosystems better than food chains.
Food webs describe the complex patterns of energy flow in an ecosystem by modeling who consumes who.
Food webs describe the feeding connections between organisms in an ecosystem .
Food webs describe the transfer of energy between species in an ecosystem .
Food webs do pose some problems for ecological studies.
FOOD WEBS explore how all life is interconnected.
Food webs have the same core features of a food chain.
Food webs identify the relationships among producers, consumers and decomposers in an ecosystem.
Food webs identify the relationships among producers, consumers, and decomposers in an ecosystem.
Food webs illustrate the same information but use lines to connect each eater to what it eats.
Food webs occur all over the world.
Food webs represent complex patterns of feeding links among species within an ecosystem.
Food webs represent one of the most complex aspects of community biotic interactions.
Food webs show all feeding relationships at each trophic level in a community.
Food webs show groups of animals that have the same predators and prey in an ecosystem.
FOOD WEBS show how many animals are connected in many ways to find food.
Food webs show how organisms are affected by each other.
Food webs show that food energy can move through several different pathways.
Food webs show the interdependence among organisms.
Food webs show the more complex interactions between a range of organisms in an ecosystem.
Some food webs are very complex.
Food writers get to look at new recipes before they're unveiled.
Most food writers agree.
Food writing is the combination of creative cooking with creative writing.
Food writing tends to make a commodity of the cultures of the ethnic Other.
Food abounds for terrestrial animals and birds as well.
Food abounds, the dove can see, A perfect place, it's home to be.
Food accompanies meals.
Food accumulates linearly with time spend in an infinite patch.
Food acquired by scavenging also constitutes a significant portion of the fisher's diet.
Food acts as medicine to maintain health, as well as prevent and treat disease.
Food acts as medicine, to maintain, prevent, and treat disease.
Food actually helps to boost our metabolism, that's why it's important never to skip meals.
Food actually plays a rather small role in the development of eating disorders.
Food additives Spices such as cinnamon and cloves have been used for centuries as preservatives.
Food adds calories.
Food adds excessive calories.
Food adds sugar.
Food adds weight.
Food affects blood sugar levels.
Food affects both our physical and mental health.
Food affects concentration.
Food affects diets.
Food affects ecosystem productivity.
Food affects health.
Food affects levels.
Food affects our body as well as mind and psychic condition.
Food affects our teeth as much as our waistline.
Food affects overall health.
Food affects people.
Food affects physical health.
Food affects productivity.
Food affects sperm concentration.
Food affects survival.
Food affects the amount of drug the body absorbs into the bloodstream.
Food affects weight.
Food again becomes something holy.
Food allergens commonly known to cause hives include milk products, eggs.
Food alone can be expensive, especially for a large dog or cat.
Food alone cures many diseases.
Food alone cures most diseases .
Food also affects a child's emotions, sense of well-being and ability to learn.
Food also affects performance mainly through dehydration, sporadic eating, or lack of nutrients.
Food also attracts insects and other vermin.
Food also attracts insects that can destroy books and magazines.
Food also becomes a problem as nations have to depend on others to feed their own people.
Food also bends Asian, with curries and bento boxes, and lots of choices for vegetarians.
Food also can be an important therapeutic tool.
Food also comes from food drives held by community groups.
Food also comes in through one of theses siphons.
Food also follows the tastes of the consumer.
Food also fulfils other important social functions.
Food also has a direct affect on the accumulation.
Food also has great barter value.
Food also has personal meaning.
Food also has value only when it enters our body.
Food also helps.
Food also is a major part of the mug club.
Food also is at the center of ceremonies, rituals, festivals, and the like.
Food also is available.
Food also is donated by the public through community food drives.
Food also is low.
Food also is produced on the kibbutz .
Food also is served in the game room area.
Food also makes meetings fun.
Food also passes to the esophagus for rechewing.
Food also provides immediate information to the body.
Food also provides raw materials for building and repairing body tissues.
Food also provides the materials necessary for growth and reproduction.
Food also reveals character.
Food also seems a good motivation.
Food also sets the Southern Christmas tradition apart.
Food also supports the high energy requirements of working in the arctic.
Food also tends to vary from region to region.
Food also works.
Food antigens and additives.
Food antigens can trigger the mast cell mechanism at any point in their journey through the body.
Food appears magically in wild settings with no one there to explain.
Food appears on the table.
Food appears to have no effect on the pharmacokinetics of donepezil.
Food are mainly home made style Italian style cuisine.
Food arrives quickly after orders are taken.
Food arrives quickly and runs cheap, albeit uneven in quality.
Food associated with staff or department meeting is an unallowable charge to federal awards.
Food attracts animals.
Food attracts ants.
Food attracts bears.
Food attracts birds.
Food attracts bugs, and bugs eat books.
Food attracts bugs.
Food attracts cockroaches.
Food attracts dogs.
Food attracts hummingbirds.
Food attracts insects and causes problems.
Food attracts insects and rodents which can destroy books and other valuable research materials.
Food attracts insects which feed on books.
Food attracts mice.
Food attracts monkeys.
Food attracts people, so it s helpful to offer something without animal products.
Food attracts pests and vermin which can cause permanent damage to materials.
Food attracts pests, and spills cause permanent stains.
Food attracts pests.
Food attracts predators.
Food attracts rodents.
Food attracts scavengers.
Food attracts skunks.
Food attracts wild animals and insects.
Food avail all sessions.
Food based nutrition can fall apart with inexplicable allergies.
Food Be generous in estimating food requirements.
Food Be very careful with foods and beverages while in Bolivia.
Food becomes a cheap commodity due to industrial farming techniques.
Food becomes a commodity.
Food becomes a discretionary item.
Food becomes a microwave production.
Food becomes a source of comfort.
Food becomes a substitute and a form of self-medicating.
Food becomes a substitute for filling our lives.
Food becomes a symbol for the female body and thus eating becomes associated with sex.
Food becomes a temporary fix for tension, just as do drugs for some people.
Food becomes a way of soliciting protection, nurturance, and connection.
Food becomes available in a region through local production and regional and international trade.
Food becomes available to the squirrels earlier because of warmer winters.
Food becomes consumption.
Food becomes hazardous by contamination.
Food becomes human consumption.
Food becomes less important, activity more exciting and the child's weight begins to normalize.
Food becomes meals.
Food becomes more abundant, and deer are apt to wander aimlessly taking advantage of the bounty.
Food becomes more plentiful during the northern summer.
Food becomes necessity.
Food becomes our enemy or our friend.
Food becomes plentiful in spring, when mating starts.
Food becomes scarce because of the cold conditions during winter.
Food becomes scarce.
Food becomes scarcer as populations of forage fish fall in number and trophy fish become vulnerable.
Food becomes the all important factor here.
Food becomes the main component of the human body.
Food becomes the one thing they feel they can control.
Food becomes their god.
Food becomes their only source of comfort.
Food becomes very scarce for the people there.
Food begins to taste and smell better.
Food binds generations, defines nations.
Food boosts metabolism.
Food borne contaminants can cause serious illness or death.
Food borne diseases are one of the major causes of malnutrition.
Food borne illness can be especially hard on seniors.
Food borne illness can pose a serious threat to weaker individuals.
Food borne illness can produce mild to very serious symptoms.
Food borne illness can result when individuals consume unsafe food.
Food borne illness can, however, affect anyone.
Food borne illness is a real problem, however, and it can be expensive.
Food borne illness is fairly common in the United States.
Food borne illness or food poisoning is caused by harmful bacteria.
Food borne illness or water contamination can be life threatening.
Food borne illnesses are a threat to the food supply.
Food borne illnesses can be serious and in rare cases cause death.
Food borne illnesses can range from mild to severe.
Food borne illnesses caused by produce is a growing problem.
Food borne illnesses remain a serious public health problem.
FOOD Bring a little food for an energy break during practice or a long meet.
Food Bring a sack lunch.
Food Bring high-energy foods such as trail mix, energy bars, and dried fruit.
Food brings comfort and purging the relief into the person's body and mind.
Food brings happy thoughts of happy times with family and friends.
Food brings people together, which makes kitchens the heart of a home.
Food brings people together.
Food brings pleasure, but it can also cause pain.
Food brings the family together, to share in each other's company and appreciate what they have.
Food brought by the inmates' relatives allegedly goes to the prison officers' kitchen.
Food builds infrastructure.
Food can act like a drug on our emotions.
Food can add a lot to the overall tone of the screening.
Food can also adversely affect the action of the medicine.
Food can also be a source of anxiety to some travellers to Latin America.
Food can also be a source of L-dopa.
Food can also be scarce in the desert, so gerbils hoard seeds and vegetable matter in the burrows.
Food can also effect our moods, leading to depression, anxiety, and so on.
Food can also enhance the effect of a medication and make it stronger.
Food can also increase the absorption of some drugs.
Food can also represent love.
Food can also slow down or speed up the medicine's effect on the body.
Food can also sustain smoke damage.
Food can be a comfort and a source of control for some people.
Food can be a distraction and a comfort.
Food can be a factor too, but different foods affect different people.
Food can be a friend or foe.
Food can be a godsend in stressful situations, however especially when thrown with enough velocity.
Food can be a good source of water.
Food can be a little expensive but eating out is cheap.
Food can be a major source of human PCB exposure, usually from fish and animal fat.
Food can be a major source of lead.
Food can be a powerful cognitive aid.
Food can be a powerful instrument for all the free world in building a durable peace.
Food can be a way to cope with the changes and stresses and to add calm to one s life.
Food can be a wonderful pleasure.
Food can be a wonderful thing.
Food can be an effective diplomat.
Food can be as potent as romance, maybe more so.
Food can be beautiful.
Food can be boring, but food can also be fun.
Food can be delicious without tremendous amounts of salt.
Food can be difficult to buy with a limited income, they warn.
Food can be fuel, but it can be art, as well.
Food can be good or bad.
Food can be hard to come by for polar bears for much of the year.
Food can be homemade or commercially prepared, depending on the mother's needs.
Food can be medicine if chosen correctly, or it can be like poison.
Food can be more than uprooted plants and dead animals.
Food can be much to be desired.
Food can be nectar as well as protein-rich fluids from animal wastes.
Food can be nice, optional.
Food can be one of the greatest pleasures in life.
Food can be our main source of fuel or our main source of fat.
Food can be part of our medicinal repertoire during the changing times.
Food can be part of the fun.
Food can be raw meat, vegetables and vitamins.
Food can be sacramental, a means of grace.
Food can be scarce during cold winters, but a nice, thick layer of blubber helps keep seals alive.
Food can be scarce for polar bears in the arctic summer.
Food can be sexy.
Food can be simple and meals kept light.
Food can be so negative it s a severe procrastination to fail.
Food can be subject to harmful contamination.
Food can be table service or buffet.
Food can be the hardest part of such an event.
Food can be therapeutic in several ways.
Food can be transformative in everyone's life.
Food can be tricky.
Food can be very sensual.
Food can become a conflict-resolution tool.
Food can become a source of comfort, an enemy, a friend, or an obsession.
Food can cause a significant drop in blood pressure, which is associated with falls and syncope.
Food can cause diseases as well as prevent diseases.
Food can cause foodborne illness when conditions in the environment encourage bacterial growth.
Food can cause the gallbladder to empty, so it can t be examined for gallstones.
Food can cause the patient to vomit, resulting in complications such as choking or pneumonia.
Food can change the way some drugs act.
Food can comfort or excite.
Food can create positive, warm feelings, and it also can create negative ones.
Food can decrease the absorption of captopril and moexipril.
Food can easily become dangerous as a result of incorrect thawing procedures.
Food can enhance or impair the absorption of a drug and alter the way it is metabolized in the body.
Food can feed the bacteria in skin increasing the risk of breakouts.
Food can have a significant impact on the successful management of diabetes.
Food can help the intestine absorb more water, which helps slow down the diarrhea.
Food can help to stop the diarrhoea.
Food can lose minerals when cooking water is thrown out.
Food can make or break a canoe trip.
Food can make people sick if it is contaminated by microorganisms, bad metals, or chemicals.
Food can meet up with bacteria anytime and anyplace.
Food can minister to the soul.
Food can move quickly from producer to store shelves.
Food can offset tannins and acid.
Food can often provide security and a sense of feeling at home and relaxation to many people.
Food can really affect how well a season works and that season was a lowspot.
Food can remain lukewarm, even if the pot is very hot on the outside.
Food can require an adjustment, as well, and be a health concern.
Food can safely be refrozen if it still contains ice crystals.
Food can slow down the absorption of alcohol.
Food can slow down the absorption of some drugs.
Food can still be nutritious and taste good by using shortcuts and ready-made ingredients.
Food can still remain in the refrigerator with the charcoal.
Food can supply nutrients that support the growth of microorganisms.
Food can surpass the laws of physics once in a child's hands.
Food can t be bought with cash, instead food tickets have to be purchased first.
Food can take a similar route.
Food can take up to a month to digest due to their slow metabolism.
Food can take up to a month to pass through a sloth's digestive system.
Food can tops are also recyclable.
Food can wait, water can wait.
Food can work that way for some people when they're feeling stress and depression.
Food cans have effects.
Food cans have many negative effects.
Food cans have negative effects.
Food carried by the wind currents attract and hold plenty of stripers, as well as bass and catfish.
Food carries energy to be stored up in the tissues for later use.
Food carries the product down the tract.
Food Carry the winter period.
Food carrying the virus, for example, is a common instigator of an outbreak.
Food causes a desire to eats.
Food causes alcohol to be digested slower, which is good.
Food causes allergic reaction.
Food causes deficiencies.
Food causes mild reaction.
Food causes possible reaction.
Food causes reaction.
Food causes same reaction.
Food causes similar reaction.
Food causes spikes.
Food certainly is a crucial ingredient of the cruise experience, but there's no simple answer.
Food certainly is high on the list.
Food Check the menu.
Food choose cooked.
Food clean up one week.
FOOD Click here for more information.
Food Click the answer button to see the correct answer.
Food Click the beet to see what snails like to eat.
Food coats the stomach and helps prevent gastric juices and acids from destroying the enzyme action.
Food collected by the two labral fans is combed into the mouth by bristles on the mandibles.
Food combine about a calf if rise cardinals apparel.
Food combining frequently contradicts itself.
Food comes by the hand.
Food comes first.
Food comes from a grocery. . .
Food comes from a kitchen in a steady stream.
Food comes from animals.
Food comes from environments.
Food comes from farmers.
Food comes from farms.
Food comes from garbage or what they can steal or purchase with money they beg.
Food comes from grocery stores and the shelves are always full.
Food comes from mothers.
Food comes from nature and from the work of people.
Food comes from nature.
Food comes from plants.
Food comes from seeds.
Food comes from sources.
Food comes from the kitchen promptly and gets to the table piping hot.
Food comes from various sources.
Food comes in a timely manner.
Food comes in steel, aluminum and glass containers.
Food comes in the form of sandwiches, burgers, wraps and pizzas.
Food comes into the small intestine from the stomach.
Food comes on a conveyor.
Food comes up sour.
Food completes cooking during the standing time.
Food consists almost entirely of insects and other arthropods.
Food consists entirely of grass.
Food consists entirely of insects and other invertebrates.
Food consists largely of invertebrates, but some small fish also are taken.
Food consists mainly of canned, packaged, and dried foods, and weighs about a ton.
Food consists mainly of crustaceans, although fish, mollusks and aquatic insects are also taken.
Food consists mainly of frogs and toads.
Food consists mainly of rice and noodles.
Food consists mainly of three energy-supplying nutrients.
Food consists mostly of vegetable matter.
Food consists of a very broad range of invertebrates.
Food consists of anything from small lizards to rabbits and squirrels.
Food consists of decay matter.
Food consists of decay organic matter.
Food consists of decaying plant matter.
Food consists of earthworms, frogs, toads, salamanders, minnows and even small mice.
Food consists of endive, tomato, banana, supplemented with soaked cat food.
Food consists of fiber.
Food consists of fruit, leaves, insects, young birds and eggs.
Food consists of high energy seeds.
Food consists of insect larvae and molluscs.
Food consists of insects and other arthropods.
Food consists of insects and other invertebrates.
Food consists of insects and some seeds.
Food consists of insects and spiders.
Food consists of insects, small lizards, snakes, and eggs.
Food consists of leaves and fruit.
Food consists of mammals.
Food consists of matter.
Food consists of organic matter.
Food consists of other protozoans, bacteria and algae.
Food consists of plant seeds.
Food consists of practically anytihng edible.
Food consists of products.
Food consists of proteins.
Food consists of protozoans.
Food consists of roots.
Food consists of sandwiches, salads, gumbo and jambalaya.
Food consists of seeds.
Food consists of shrimp, crabs, and small fish.
Food consists of small fish such as grunts, pinfish, crustaceans and molluscs.
Food consists of small invertebrates, such as worms, crustaceans and bivalve molluscs.
Food consists of small mammals.
Food consists of snacks, burgers, fried shrimp and salads.
Food consists of spiders, centipedes, millipedes, slugs, snails, and insects.
Food consists of spiders, small insects and their larvae.
Food consists of tinned meat, hard biscuits, and a little margarine.
Food consists of vegetables.
Food consists primarily of fruits, flowers, and berries.
Food consists primarily of nectar, with small arthropods also being taken.
Food consumed during a binge has a high caloric content.
Food consumed on the premises is ordered while customers are standing.
Food containing too much sugar can upset anyone's diet.
Food containing vitamin C helps a body adsorb iron.
Food containing vitamin D are liver, butter, cream and egg yolks.
Food contains a lot of water.
Food contains active components.
Food contains active plant substances.
Food contains active substances.
Food contains add sugar.
Food contains advice and information - from official sources only.
Food contains amounts.
Food contains animal proteins.
Food contains antimicrobial compounds.
Food contains artificial color.
Food contains artificial flavor.
Food contains b vitamins.
Food contains bacteria.
Food contains byproduct.
Food contains calories.
Food contains carbohydrates.
Food contains carbon.
Food contains chemical energy.
Food contains chemicals.
Food contains chlorophyll.
Food contains cholesterol.
Food contains coconut oil.
Food contains color.
Food contains complex carbohydrates.
Food contains components.
Food contains compounds.
Food contains crude fiber.
Food contains dietary fiber.
Food contains dietary nitrate.
Food contains diets.
Food contains dye.
Food contains elements.
Food contains energy nutrients.
Food contains energy stored as chemical potential energy.
Food contains energy, nutrients and other components that effect health.
Food contains energy.
Food contains essential elements.
Food contains essential nutrients.
Food contains essential vitamins.
Food contains excess salt.
Food contains excessive salt.
Food contains far more nutrients.
Food contains fiber and a host of phytochemicals that provide health benefits.
Food contains fiber.
Food contains fibre.
Food contains fish oil.
Food contains flavor.
Food contains flour.
Food contains good bacteria.
Food contains high proteins.
Food contains hundreds of different chemicals.
Food contains important nutrients.
Food contains indigestible elements.
Food contains irons.
Food contains key nutrients.
Food contains krill oil.
Food contains low calories.
Food contains magnesium.
Food contains many calories.
Food contains many more calories.
Food contains materials.
Food contains matter.
Food contains minerals.
Food contains minimal amounts.
Food contains moisture.
Food contains more calories.
Food contains more than just calories.
Food contains natural flavor.
Food contains nickel and is the major source of nickel exposure for the general population.
Food contains nitrate.
Food contains nutrients .
Food contains nutrients.
Food contains nutrients.
Food contains nutrition.
Food contains occur compounds.
Food contains oil.
Food contains organic nutrients.
Food contains other essential nutrients.
Food contains other important nutrients.
Food contains other nutrients that scientists are only now beginning to learn are important.
Food contains other nutrients.
Food contains palm oil.
Food contains percent carbohydrates.
Food contains pesticide residues.
Food contains pesticide.
Food contains pigment.
Food contains products.
Food contains properties.
Food contains proteins.
Food contains red dye.
Food contains refine sugar.
Food contains relate substances.
Food contains residues.
Food contains salt.
Food contains several key nutrients.
Food contains significant amounts.
Food contains simple carbohydrates.
Food contains sodium.
Food contains starches.
Food contains storage proteins.
Food contains stored energy.
Food contains substances.
Food contains sufficient nutrients.
Food contains sugar.
Food contains the components found above.
Food contains toxic proteins.
Food contains unhealthy chemicals.
Food contains valuable nutrients.
Food contains vanilla flavor.
Food contains various nutrients such as protein, carbohydrate, and fats.
Food contains vital nutrients.
Food contains vitamin minerals.
Food contains vitamins.
Food contaminated by listeria can cause listerosis, an uncommon but potentially fatal disease.
Food contaminated with dirt containing oocysts can transmit disease.
Food continues in the same vein in both the bar and restaurant.
Food continues on to the esophagus and digestive system.
Food continues to arrive at a critical time for Russian orphanages.
Food continues to be a huge draw.
Food continues to be dispatched to Montenegro.
Food continues to be served throughout the day and into the evening.
Food continues to cook after the microwave turns off whether it's left in the oven or removed.
Food continues to cook which sometimes affects how it tastes.
Food continues to pass through the entire stomach and intestine.
Food continues to travel along the small intestine by peristalsis.
Food contributes to cadmium intake.
Food contributes to daily intake.
Food contributes to development.
Food contributes to effects.
Food contributes to good health.
Food contributes to growth.
Food contributes to health.
Food contributes to intake.
Food contributes to nutrient intake.
Food controls their emotions, feelings, happiness and even satisfaction in life.
Food cooks at a low temperature under static conditions.
Food cooks better if cut in uniform sizes.
Food cooks more evenly over coals that have turned a light ash gray.
Food cooks more quickly and efficiently in ovens when air can circulate freely.
Food cooks with hotter centers and stays hotter longer.
Food cools more rapidly in shallow containers, limiting the growth of bacteria.
Food cost even less if the family had a garden, which most families did.
Food cost even less if the family has a garden, which most families did.
Food costs less because it can be bought in bulk.
Food costs money.
Food costs more.
Food creates chemical reaction.
Food creates power in their own extended family.
Food creates reaction.
Food customarily forms the crowning part of most festivities and celebrations.
FOOD Cut out dinosaur shaped sandwiches and cookies.
Food decreases absorption of the drug.
Food decreases absorption.
Food decreases both the absorption and bioavailability of tacrolimus.
Food decreases iron absorption by up to two-thirds.
Food decreases the absorption of astemizole.
Food decreases the absorption of norfloxacin.
Food decreases the bioavailability of zolpidem.
Food decreases the time to reach peak plasma levels.
Food defines cultures, and provides the one thread of continuity that binds all cultures together.
Food definitely seems to be an essential ingredient.
Food defrosts from the outside inward.
Food demands different qualities from wine.
Food depends on environments.
Food depends on habitats.
Food depends on locations.
Food depends on soil.
Food dispenses into pan as shown above by the arrow.
Food dispenses into pans as shown above by the arrows.
Food does play a part.
Food does slow the absorption of alcohol.
Food does Train by several referrals to all poison.
Food dominates a high percentage of our thoughts.
Food donated by local restaurants and caterers is always well received.
Food drinks all available at reasonable prices.
Food drying is a form of creative recycling.
Food Easily moves through tree branches looking for insects.
Food Eat, eat, eat.
Food eaten by Bedouins upholding traditional lifestyles, are dairy products, milk and meat.
Food eaten by the dog is digested incompletely, essentially creating a malnutrition type situation.
Food eaten from street vendors is considered a higher-risk food than restaurant food.
Food eaten in fast-food restaurants is usually very high in fat.
Food eaten on the run can cause heartburn or other digestive discomfort.
Food eaten on vacation has no cholesterol.
Food Eats huge amounts of carpenter ants.
Food emerges as an important habitability consideration in many confinement situations.
Food encourages growth.
Food encourages participation, so meetings are scheduled around feeding times.
Food enhances digestion.
Food enhances the absorption.
Food enhances the eroticism.
Food enjoy alongside a competitors or suggest Western movie star.
Food entering and leaving the stomach is regulated by two sphincters.
Food entering into the body is liquefied and partially digested in the stomach.
Food entering the duodenum initiates an exquisite hormonal and neural sequence.
Food entering the mouth is chewed and moistened with saliva preparatory to swallowing.
Food entering the mouth is passed anteriorly to the stomach via ciliary action.
Food entering the stomach is broken down by enzymes that thrive in the acidic conditions.
Food entering the stomach is under the control of the cardiac sphincter.
Food enters colons.
Food enters duodenums.
Food enters esophagi.
Food enters intestines.
Food enters large intestines.
Food enters mouths.
Food enters pharynxs.
Food enters small intestines.
Food enters stomachs.
Food enters the conversation.
Food enters the disgestive tract through the mouth and is digested into feces and monomers.
Food enters the duodenum from the stomach via the pyloric sphincter .
Food enters the esophagus and is then stored in the crop until it is ready for digestion.
Food enters the esophagus here.
Food enters the lungs and causes pneumonia.
Food enters the mouth and into the first stomach.
Food enters the mouth and is immediately broken down into smaller pieces by our teeth.
Food enters the mouth and is partially broken down by chewing and by enzymes in saliva.
Food enters the mouth, passes into the esophagus, and then into the stomach where digestion begins.
Food enters the small intestine.
Food enters the stomach from the esophagus through the lower esophageal or cardiac sphincter.
Food enters through a mouth, and wastes are eliminated through two anal pores.
Food enters tracheae.
Food enzymes deficiencies produce degenerative changes.
Food enzymes work with the body's digestive enzymes.
Food equals fuel.
Food equals money, but many have survived on fishballs, isaw and instant noodles.
Food even impacts standardized test scores.
Food fads that seem too good to be true probably are.
Food falls from the sky.
Food falls in the deep Eastern Mediterranean.
Food falls to the ground below the feeder allowing a wide variety of animals to eat.
Food features a mixture of Australian and international dishes.
Food feeds animals.
Food feeds to dogs.
Food feels good to the body.
Food filtered from the water is trapped by a mucous net that is passed by cilia into the intestine.
Food Find out about French cuisine.
Food fits into faith in less obvious ways, too.
Food flies off grocers' shelves as farmers stock up on supplies.
Food floats on top of the hot oil while getting cooked.
Food flows seamlessly.
Food focuses on diets.
Food forms an important part of the festivities.
Food forms diets.
Food forms the biggest part of the agenda.
Food forms the foundation of so many of our traditions.
Food forms the natural link between community and life.
Food freezes faster in small portions.
Food fuels our bodies, nourishes our souls and pleases our palettes.
Food fuels the robin's metabolism, giving it the fat and energy to feed, move, and survive.
Food furnished in correctional center, employees to purchase, exception.
Food generally takes about four hours to make it from the mouth to the end of the small intestine.
Food Get it, get it quickly.
Food Get trailside recipes and insider tips on cooking in the great outdoors.
Food gets energy.
Food gets hotter in the center when cooked on low for longer.
Food gets to everybody it is supposed to.
Food getting stuck between the roots of adjacent teeth is a common occurrence.
Food gives energy.
Food gives people and animals energy.
Food gives people something to do with their hands.
Food goes bad, roommates' friends come over for dinner.
Food goes down the esophagus and air goes down the trachea.
Food goes farther that way.
Food goes into the bellies of the militias and is sold to purchase weapons and ammunition.
Food goes into the stomach where it is broken down by acid and enzymes into more manageable bits.
Food goes the wrong way.
Food goes to intestines.
Food goes to nine area nonprofits that feed disadvantaged people.
Food goes to second section which is midgut.
Food goes to small intestines.
Food goes up, beer goes up, soda goes up, everything changes because of gas.
Food goes wrong, also resulting in choking.
Food going to livestock can go directly to the mouths of the hungry.
Food greatly inhibits absorption.
Food grown near the ocean tends to be higher in iodine.
Food grown without pesticides is often fresh, local and seasonal.
Food grows on trees.
Food grows out of the earth, but underneath the same earth all is torn up and crushed.
Food grows scarce.
Food Habits Across Ethnic Groups.
Food habits much like black bear, opportunistic.
Food hangs out there.
Food has a high percentage of water.
Food has a major prominence in all Chinese festivals, and New Year is no exception.
Food has a powerful influence upon the brain.
Food has a strange way of triggering memories and leading conversation to people and times past.
Food has a therapeutic value and can be used to obtain optimum health.
Food has a variety of meanings that go far beyond satisfying hunger.
Food has a very short and definite shelf life.
Food has a very special place within Chilean culture.
Food has a way of bringing people together.
Food has addictive properties.
Food has advantage.
Food has amounts.
Food has artificial color.
Food has benefits.
Food has calcium.
Food has calories.
Food has carbon.
Food has characteristics.
Food has chemicals.
Food has color.
Food has components.
Food has definite roles.
Food has density.
Food has dietary fiber.
Food has diets.
Food has different flavor.
Food has direct impact.
Food has effects.
Food has energy density.
Food has energy in it.
Food has energy.
Food has fiber.
Food has flavor and kick.
Food has flavor.
Food has great importance in Yoga.
Food has health benefits.
Food has high nutritious values.
Food has high social value.
Food has high values.
Food has huge advantage.
Food has immense values.
Food has impact.
Food has kinetic energy.
Food has less sodium.
Food has life.
Food has little nutritive values.
Food has little or no effect on the bioavailability.
Food has little or no taste.
Food has long life.
Food has long shelf life.
Food has lots.
Food has low nutrient values.
Food has lower energy.
Food has many meanings beyond basic nourishment.
Food has many more nutrients.
Food has many nutrients.
Food has mass.
Food has massive impact.
Food has material on eating and dining, the food industry and food service.
Food has meat.
Food has minerals.
Food has muscle meat.
Food has natural chemicals.
Food has net effects.
Food has no effect on entacapone pharmacokinetics.
Food has no effect on gabapentin pharmacokinetics.
Food has no effect on the rate and extent of absorption of gabapentin.
Food has no effect on the rate and extent of absorption of oxcarbazepine.
Food has no significant effect on absorption.
Food has no taste.
Food has nutrient values.
Food has nutrients.
Food has nutritious values.
Food has nutritive values.
Food has odor.
Food has opposite effects.
Food has origins.
Food has places.
Food has plant proteins.
Food has pleasant taste.
Food has power.
Food has properties.
Food has proteins.
Food has quality.
Food has roles.
Food has same effects.
Food has seeds.
Food has shelf life.
Food has significant effects.
Food has so many emotional connections to it, as well as feeding people who are hungry.
Food has sodium.
Food has special places.
Food has special status in Asia.
Food has strong odor.
Food has symbolic roles.
Food has taste.
Food has temperature.
Food has the power to cheer one up from the gloomiest moods, but if and only if it is good .
Food has to be cooked every day.
Food has to be kept cool.
Food has to be pleasing to the eye.
Food has to be quick and easy.
Food has to be slippery to make it easy to swallow.
Food has to be stored properly and protected from vermin.
Food has to be superb, just as good as the service.
Food has to be tiny to go through the villi.
Food has to be wholesome and free from disease and parasites.
Food has values.
Food has various functions in our lives.
Food has vegetable origins.
Food has vital energy that can be enhanced or destroyed depending on how it is handled and prepared.
Food has vitamin minerals.
Food has, for all practical purposes, been in abundance for as long as most can remember.
Food having been ingested comes to lie in vacuoles.
Food helps allergy symptoms.
Food helps anemia.
Food helps athletes.
Food helps colons.
Food helps dental health.
Food helps growth.
Food helps hair growth.
Food helps health.
Food helps hunger.
Food helps iron deficiency anemia.
Food helps meals.
Food helps nourish the body.
Food helps performance.
Food helps pets.
Food helps potential.
Food helps power.
Food helps prevent diseases.
Food helps prevent hunger.
Food helps slow down alcohol absorption.
Food helps slow down the speed at which alcohol is absorbed into a person s bloodstream.
Food helps stimulate production of the stomach acid needed to dissolve calcium supplements.
Food helps symptoms.
Food helps to bring people.
Food helps to keep children healthy.
Food helps to slow alcohol absorption.
Food helps too.
Food helps types.
Food here is a dream synthesis between modern creative cooking and the traditional regional kitchen.
Food here is also very good.
Food here is as cerebral as it is sensual.
Food here is delicious and nourishing.
Food here is filled with intricate flavours, served with passion and genuine smiles.
Food here is fresh, bright and full of flavor as well as healthful.
Food here is good, prices reasonable, it s easy to find, and abundant parking is available.
Food here is great.
Food here is high quality and expensive, often hard to find or imported.
Food here is varied, both along the beach and in town.
Food here tends to be simple and hearty, and the most famous regional dish is Hanoi soup or pho bac.
Food hold Pair through heart among some badminton yonex so say like the continent.
Food however is elegant and delicious.
Food improves absorption.
Food improves brain functions.
Food improves dental health.
Food improves functions.
Food improves health.
Food improves iron absorption.
Food improves symptoms.
Food includes a variety of aquatic invertebrates, small fish and fish eggs.
Food includes almonds.
Food includes animals.
Food includes apples.
Food includes baked potatoes, barbecue ribs, hamburgers and ice cream.
Food includes BBQ baby back ribs.
Food includes beans.
Food includes beef.
Food includes beetles, bugs, ants and moths.
Food includes birds.
Food includes bony fish.
Food includes bread.
Food includes butters.
Food includes carbohydrate cellulose.
Food includes carbohydrates.
Food includes cellulose.
Food includes cereals.
Food includes chicken wings, gourmet pizzas and deviled crab cakes.
Food includes cods.
Food includes cream.
Food includes cucumbers.
Food includes deciduous leaves.
Food includes dumplings.
Food includes earthworms, slugs and, occasionally, insects.
Food includes features from the print magazine.
Food includes fish, insects and various marine invertebrates.
Food includes fish.
Food includes flour bread.
Food includes fresh river fish, tropical fruits and regional vegetables.
Food includes fresh vegetables.
Food includes frogs, lizards.
Food includes fruit.
Food includes fruits, nuts, seeds, buds, flowers, other vegetable matter, insects, and birds' eggs.
Food includes goat meat.
Food includes grain.
Food includes grass roots.
Food includes grasses, shrubs and even plants that are poisonous to other animals.
Food includes homemade bierocks and pies.
Food includes hot dogs, sausages, dessert, beverages and a beer and wine garden.
Food includes ice cream.
Food includes insects, lizards and frogs.
Food includes Korean items, a big miso section, and various izakaya permutations.
Food includes lean meat.
Food includes lean proteins.
Food includes leaves.
Food includes lush vegetation.
Food includes mammal reptile birds.
Food includes marine animals.
Food includes mature leaves.
Food includes meat, fish and fowl on skewers cooked on open fire pits.
Food includes meat.
Food includes mice, rats, gophers and some birds.
Food Includes mostly human foods and the subjects of cooking and eating.
Food includes natural almonds.
Food includes oatmeals.
Food includes orange.
Food includes organ meat.
Food includes other vegetables.
Food includes oysters, shrimp, chicken and sandwiches.
Food includes peanut butters.
Food includes proteins.
Food includes raw beans.
Food includes raw meat.
Food includes ribs or chicken, coleslaw, baked beans, dessert and drinks.
Food includes roots.
Food includes seasonal produce from the hotel garden.
Food includes small animals.
Food includes small fish.
Food includes small lizards, snakes, frogs and mice.
Food includes small mammalsespecially rodentsas well as birds and birds' eggs.
Food includes small rodents and birds.
Food includes spanferkel, rollbraten, schnitzel, chicken and bratwurst.
Food includes staples like bread, eggs, cereal, vegetables and canned fruit.
Food includes steak, burgers, fries and milkshakes to drink.
Food includes the nutritional part of the diet as well as supplements such as salt.
Food includes thistles, sunflowers and dandelions.
Food includes traditional native dishes, such as salmon barbeque or salmon baked on cedar boards.
Food includes trees.
Food includes vegetable dishes, mom's meat loaf, and great brunches on the weekend.
Food includes vegetables.
Food includes vegetation.
Food includes vitamins.
Food includes wheat bread.
Food includes whole grain.
Food includes whole wheat bread.
Food includes woody vegetation.
Food increases bioavailability of the drug.
Food increases energy.
Food increases growth.
Food increases insulin.
Food increases mold growth.
Food increases sexual energy.
Food increases success.
Food increases survival.
Food increases the absorption of azithromycin.
Food increases the bioavailability of mefloquine.
Food increases the bioavailability of the drug.
Food increases the bioavailability.
Food increases the blood sugar levels while exercise and medication lower the blood sugar.
Food increases vital energy.
Food ingested is broken down into nutrients by enzymes, and is then absorbed by the gut.
Food ingrediences like meat or fish arrive from own farming next door and herbs from the own garden.
Food inside is expensive and the restaurants outside are jammed.
Food inside makes up for it.
Food instills a feeding frenzy, with all species hurrying to get their share.
Food intensifies the show's drama.
Food interferes with absorption of tetracyclines, with the exception of doxycycline and minocycline.
Food interferes with absorption.
Food interferes with the rate of absorption.
Food is a basic and necessary component of life.
Food is a basic necessity for all citizens.
Food is a basic requirement.
Food is a basic want that is included in every budget.
Food is a big contributor to landfill waste.
Food is a big part of Kansas City's urban identity.
Food is a big part of life.
Food is a big part of our life at pika.
Food is a big part of summer camping, picnics and cook outs.
Food is a big part of the Crocodile Bay experience.
Food is a bit of a problem, it appears that most Libyan families cater for themselves.
Food is a blend of indian and western.
Food is a central issue in the global economy.
Food is a central part of the Chinese character.
Food is a challenge.
Food is a chemistry , and it has to be right.
FOOD is a comedy with hilarious and dramatic scenes all involving food.
Food is a commodity.
Food is a complex of living material.
Food is a connective tissue.
Food is a consideration.
Food is a cooperative affair.
Food is a crucial component of every woman's world.
Food is a divine gift, so cook it, server it, and eat it in a spirit of joyful reverence.
Food is a drug for the person with an eating disorder.
Food is a drug, is part of medical treatments, and plays many roles in a healthy culture.
Food is a drug.
Food is a factor.
Food is a false comfort.
Food is a family issue, an economic issue, and a social issue.
Food is a fat guy with long red hair.
Food is a favorite subject.
Food is a favorite topic of discussion and eating is a favorite activity.
Food is a fixed menu offering good family cooking based on local products and seafood.
Food is a frequent cause of contention between bears and men.
Food is a friend.
Food is a fuel used by living things to supply useful energy for movement and keeping warm.
Food is a fuzzy concept.
Food is a good behavioral reinforcer when the pigeons are hungry, but they quickly satiate.
Food is a good example.
Food is a good intermediate.
Food is a good topic.
Food is a great adventure.
Food is a great complement to cultural studies.
Food is a great gift as well as kitchen appliances or cookware.
Food is a great part of the celebration.
Food is a great tool for many situations, but has some obvious limitations.
Food is a great way to cross the great political divide.
Food is a great way to get to know people.
Food is a huge part of zoo regimen.
Food is a huge problem.
Food is a key element of ethnic experience.
Food is a key ingredient.
Food is a kind of digestible data, at once intimate and universal.
Food is a large part of a family budget.
Food is a life pleasure, and it's meant to be enjoyed.
Food is a little bland.
Food is a lot better than nothing.
Food is a low priority as the human body can go for a long period of time without food.
Food is a luxury.
Food is a major attraction for the bears.
Food is a major concern for runners.
Food is a major determinant of health that is directly under our control.
Food is a major issue for most women.
Food is a major part of Kwanzaa festivities.
Food is a major part of the festivities.
Food is a major part of their life, and they take great care in the preparation of it.
Food is a major problem.
Food is a marvelous training tool.
Food is a matter of survival and relates to deep ontological habits.
Food is a mixture of Western and Chinese dishes.
Food is a morale issue in facilities, often a high point for the minors in detention.
Food is a more interesting subject.
Food is a more personal matter.
Food is a much less frequent source, but outbreaks have been associated with infected food handlers.
Food is a munition of war and can be used to shorten the war, save lives, and build a sound peace.
Food is a national obsession and easily the most popular topic of discussion.
Food is a necessary staple.
Food is a necessity and much, much more.
Food is a necessity for all living things.
Food is a necessity to the creation.
Food is a necessity.
Food is a neverending centerpiece in daily life.
Food is a non issue to the Christian life.
Food is a normal seed mixture, with fruits and vegetables always available.
Food is a possibility.
Food is a powerful element that can bring together many different people.
Food is a powerful force everyone seems to love and relate to as well.
Food is a powerful motivator.
Food is a powerful positive training tool that works with most dogs.
Food is a precious earthly resource.
Food is a pretty important diversion from work, so it figures prominently in the schedule.
Food is a primary part of all of our lives.
Food is a problem though.
Food is a problem, though.
Food is a reason to be alive.
Food is a recurring motif.
Food is a reward, etc.
Food is a scarce good.
Food is a serious affair and the animal aspires to it, prepares itself.
Food is a serious problem here.
Food is a significant distraction.
Food is a significant part of life.
Food is a source of energy and materials.
Food is a source of energy for the body.
Food is a source of energy i.e. energy in chemical form.
Food is a source of nutrients for some organisms.
Food is a source of personal pleasure, too.
Food is a source of pleasure and good taste.
Food is a sport in itself.
Food is a squirrel's best friend.
Food is a staple.
Food is a stimulant.
Food is a strategic weapon and armed gangs have seized aid shipments.
Food is a subject of endless rumination.
Food is a substance made up of elements essential for life and an energy source.
Food is a substance
Food is a sypbol for what a person stands for.
Food is a temptation on all sides.
Food is a terrific motivator.
Food is a thought substitute.
Food is a top priority with most kids.
Food is a toy.
Food is a universal ingredient in creating climate, culture, and communal experiences.
Food is a universal token of appreciation.
Food is a variety of organisms.
Food is a vehicle for transferring energy from one form of life to another.
Food is a very big thing.
Food is a very effective tranquilizer.
Food is a very important and necessary part of our lives.
Food is a very important aspect of controlling diabetes.
Food is a very important part of Japanese culture.
Food is a very important part of the reception, and catering options are many.
Food is a very integral part of their life. . . .
Food is a very political issue.
Food is a very popular and cost-effective choice.
Food is a very subjective and personal experience.
Food is a very variable expense.
Food is a way of gaining control.
Food is a way of living.
Food is a weapon of war.
Food is a wonderful area for savings.
Food is a wonderful excuse for socializing.
Food is a wonderful excuse to come together and to be together.
Food is a wonderful manipulative to use in the teaching of many subjects.
Food is a wonderful thing and is to be enjoyed.
Food is a wonderful way to make any day just perfect.
Food is about connecting people.
Food is about pleasure.
Food is about the same price as in America.
Food is about two things-properly prepared and properly seasoned.
Food is absorbed in the intestines mostly.
Food is absorbed in the liver, pancreas and cecum.
Food is absurdly, ridiculously inexpensive, by historical measure.
Food is abundant and inexpensive.
Food is abundant and readily available in most industrialized countries.
Food is abundant, too, so it decides to stay for a while.
Food is abundant.
Food is acceptable, nothing special.
Food is acquired by surface dives.
Food is actually one of the main problems of the game.
Food is added to the food area in a random fashion.
Food is adored and discussed, and recipes are passed along to friends like sheet music.
Food is adsorbed through the body wall as their digestive tract is vestigial.
Food is again short.
Food is all about fun.
Food is all organic and healthful.
Food is all over the place.
Food is all prepared fresh.
Food is all right, but really pricey.
Food is all that matters to a cat.
Food is almost always available for purchase in gate areas past security.
Food is almost as important as clothing for keeping warm.
Food is almost non-existent.
Food is almost redundant.
Food is almost sacred in a land of scarcity, and none is wasted.
Food is already scarce.
FOOD is already the largest trial of feeding in stroke patients.
Food is already very costly.
Food is also a good example of stored chemical energy.
Food is also a gyp.
Food is also a little more expensive than other U.S. destinations.
Food is also a lively, fun-filled topic.
Food is also a part of people's enjoyment of life.
Food is also a rich source of names.
Food is also a source of pleasure.
Food is also an art in a Japanese restaurant.
Food is also an occasion for repeatable variations of celebration and delight.
Food is also available at an outdoor restaurant and there is a small armoury museum at the fortress.
Food is also available at campus cafeterias.
Food is also available at the cafe on premises.
Food is also available for purchase.
Food is also available for take out, with free delivery within three miles.
Food is also available in conveniently located vending machines.
Food is also available indirectly from the insects which live in the trees.
Food is also available on site to purchase.
Food is also available on the grounds.
Food is also available through a temporary food link.
Food is also available to make a bag lunch.
Food is also available, but call for the cafeteria's exact hours.
Food is also available.
Food is also cheap.
Food is also easier on our wallets, as supplements can be quite costly.
Food is also important.
Food is also in short supply.
Food is also more affordable now.
Food is also more sophisticated than the juice and cookies of years past.
Food is also no problem.
Food is also now in that category.
Food is also one of life s greatest necessities.
Food is also perishable, so safe transport demands speed and often requires refrigeration.
Food is also pleasure and injoyment.
Food is also pretty good.
Food is also readily available mostly near the poolside during the day.
Food is also related to personality types and variety of human pursuits.
Food is also somewhat simple, but quite good and is served cafeteria style.
Food is also, it turns out, expensive.
Food is Altered from the water and passed into a U-shaped gut.
Food is always a big part of the fair.
Food is always a draw though.
Food is always a good place to start a friendship.
Food is always a good way to draw people to an event.
Food is always a hit.
Food is always a part of the night.
Food is always a popular topic on social.
Food is always a theory.
Food is always abundant if dogs are near by.
Food is always appropriate and appreciated.
Food is always at least good, occasionally excellent, and dining room service is very good.
Food is always available in the Bistro.
Food is always bountiful and hearty and in some cases, gourmet.
Food is always delicious.
Food is always fresh and good, very tasty and reaosnably priced.
Food is always fresh and hot.
Food is always fresh and piping hot.
Food is always fresh and tasty without spice overload.
Food is always good.
Food is always in plentiful supply.
Food is always less costly if prepared at home than if ordered in a restaurant.
Food is always more fun when everybody's involved in making it.
Food is always of a high standard and is both plentiful and varied.
Food is always part of the campus interview.
Food is always plentiful during conference events.
Food is always something to think about.
Food is always the safest squeeze.
Food is always useful for creating an open and playful atmosphere for experimentation.
Food is always welcome.
Food is American unless otherwise noted.
Food is American with some regional dishes.
Food is American, Mexican and daily specials.
Food is American.
Food is America's favorite pastime.
Food is ample and creative.
Food is ample, nourishing and entirely Polish.
Food is ample.
Food is an acceptable positive reinforcement training tool.
Food is an additional charge.
Food is an adventure, except durian, which is as bad as claimed.
Food is an afterthought, the more precious and minimal, the better.
Food is an area where people can exert such control.
Food is an easy target.
Food is an effective and powerful source of reward, gratification, and comfort to the animal.
Food is an effective motivator for teaching new behavior to a cat.
Food is an elemental factor in everyone's day.
Food is an entirely different story all together.
Food is an especially important resource.
Food is an essential aspect of life.
Food is an essential part of a balanced diet.
Food is an essential part of keeping a praying mantis as a pet.
Food is an essential part of life, and it also brings people together.
Food is an essential part of many of our spiritual ceremonies.
Food is an essential part of the holiday celebrations nuts, dried fruits, egg nog, etc.
Food is an example.
Food is an expense, too.
Food is an expression of love.
Food is an extremely important part of Belgian life.
Food is an identifying factor among different cultures, yet food is a commonality among all.
Food is an important and sensitive resource.
Food is an important aspect in life.
Food is an important component of the mating ritual.
Food is an important consideration for chameleons.
Food is an important element of the Mongolian hospitality tradition.
Food is an important factor in healthy growth.
Food is an important feature in all six dimensions of wellness.
Food is an important feature of every celebration, be it a national holiday or a family event.
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Food is an important part of all Chinese festivals.
Food is an important part of all cultures.
Food is an important part of any event.
Food is an important part of any festivity.
Food is an important part of culture, and is included in the roster of events.
Food is an important part of daily life for Chinese people.
Food is an important part of different cultures.
Food is an important part of how most communities define themselves.
Food is an important part of Japanese culture and the New Year Foods are especially interesting.
Food is an important part of our daily existence and interaction with family and friends.
Food is an important part of our lives.
Food is an important part of the celebration.
Food is an important part of tradition and it is okay to overdo it a little.
Food is an influence.
Food is an integral part of life in cosmopolitan Singapore.
Food is an integral part of their culture.
Food is an interesting chapter.
Food is an invitation for stray animals and neighborhood pets as well as wildlife.
Food is an issue that can divide people and provoke polarised views.
Food is an opportunity to nourish oneself.
Food is an urgent priority.
Food is analysed physically and chemically.
Food is another area where greater protection is needed.
Food is another benefit man gets from the turtles.
Food is another category that parents and students underestimate.
Food is another challenge.
Food is another common theme.
Food is another consideration.
Food is another crucial issue.
Food is another expensive item in any home, but especially so in the home of the average evangelist.
Food is another form of love.
Food is another good suggestion.
Food is another great thing.
Food is another hedge against homesickness.
Food is another highlight of Bali.
Food is another important factor of life, and Korean cuisine has a lot to offer.
Food is another important factor.
Food is another issue in Israel.
Food is another measure of culture.
Food is another misconception about Mexico.
Food is another necessity, expecially on long rides and colder days.
Food is another one of Milan's joys.
Food is another powerful summoner of memories.
Food is another problem.
Food is another source of exposure to cobalt.
Food is another source of vitamin D in addition to exposure to sunlight.
Food is another telltale sign distinguishing college students from the general public.
Food is another thing.
Food is another type of outreach.
Food is another way of passing on Jewish roots.
Food is any animal smaller than themselves.
Food is any small arthropod.
Food is any small creature it can capture, usually earthworms and insects.
Food is anything that nourishes the body.
Food is appropriately prepared and coated.
Food is arranged on order.
Food is arranged on the dining room table.
Food is arranged to be aesthetically pleasing.
Food is art and, as such, is a creative vehicle for self-expression.
Food is art.
Food is artificially cheap in the U.S., by a lot.
Food is as cheap and affordable as it is delicious.
Food is as important to living as base pairs are to the so-called Book of Life .
Food is as much a backdrop as a recurring symbol.
Food is as much a part of the scenario as pony rides and country crafts.
Food is assembled in a central location, along with plates and cutlery.
Food is at best average and clearly overpriced.
Food is at parties, family gatherings, and at entertainment events.
Food is at the bottom of the consumers' priority list.
Food is at the center of many arguments.
Food is at the core of our daily activities.
Food is at the top of our list, but dinner isn t the only thing on the menu.
Food is available aboard the boat.
Food is available all day long.
Food is available all day.
Food is available all night.
Food is available along with music, contests and other events.
Food is available along with picnic facilities.
Food is available and a raffle is held at the end of the evening.
Food is available and there are complimentary beverages.
Food is available at a number oa campus dining facilities, as well as at restaurants in the area.
Food is available at a reasonable cost.
Food is available at a variety of locations close to the workshop.
Food is available at all times, as much as the pet wants, whenever the pet wants.
Food is available at an additional cost, bring a towel.
Food is available at both venues on concert nights.
Food is available at cafeteria, restaurant and fast food booths.
Food is available at every meeting.
Food is available at little shops wedged into the empty spaces of larger tombs.
Food is available at several locations in the park.
Food is available at the snack bar located next to the visitor center.
Food is available at the two trading posts right on the campgrounds.
Food is available at three-month intervals.
Food is available every other day.
Food is available for a bite to eat while taking in the sites.
Food is available for all events at an additional cost.
Food is available for all packages at an extra cost.
Food is available for an additional charge.
Food is available for dining in or for take out.
Food is available for private and catered parties.
Food is available for purchase as is pop, beers and water.
Food is available for purchase for a nominal sum.
Food is available for purchase on campus.
Food is available for purchase, as well.
Food is available for purchase.
Food is available for sharks and fish.
Food is available for takeout.
Food is available from the hospital cafeteria, area fast food restaurants, and a local market.
Food is available from the local vendors.
Food is available from vendors.
Food is available in all price ranges.
Food is available in all the above establishments.
Food is available in and around the lodging sites.
Food is available in Bolivar but bring a snack.
Food is available in four of the five buildings occupied by the exhibits.
Food is available in the lodge's cafeteria and breakfast is served.
Food is available in the markets, but most families have no money.
Food is available in the restaurant in the lobby.
Food is available in the teaching hospitals for residents taking in-house call.
Food is available locally.
Food is available nearby.
Food is available now, but garbage collection has become an enormous concern.
Food is available on a fee basis which is announced during the first semester.
Food is available on all shooting days.
Food is available on campus at small restaurants, cafes, and grocery stores.
Food is available on premise and there are picnic tables for convenience.
Food is available on site and free parking is available in lots adjacent to the lakefront ground.
Food is available on site at a snack bar and restaurant.
Food is available on site or from the many eating establishments in Cambridge itself.
Food is available on some services.
Food is available on the boats and first-class cabins can be booked in advance.
Food is available on the bottom and swimming in the open water above.
Food is available on the grounds.
Food is available on the soil surface for pheasants.
Food is available on the weekends.
Food is available on-site, plus a folk arts area, a children's area and more.
Food is available right off the trail within a block or two in all the communities along the river.
Food is available there at the lowest prices in town.
Food is available to purchase on site.
Food is available to purchase throughout the day.
Food is available until the wee hours, basic pub grub and some Irish specialities.
Food is available while supplies last.
Food is available, and there is a beer garden.
Food is available, but line-ups tend to be long at lunch time.
Food is available, but of low quality and little variety.
Food is available, if the relief agencies are to be believed.
Food is available, too.
Food is available.
Food is Available.
Food is average, but the surroundings and historical value make up for it.
Food is average.
Food is bad, wrong, dangerous.
Food is bad.
Food is barely sufficient.
Food is basic and good.
Food is basic and public transport can be infrequent.
Food is basic and wholesome.
Food is basic and, along with the water, tinged with the taste of antiseptic.
Food is basic, with very limited goods available in the market.
Food is basically aquatic plants.
Food is bathed in a constant stream of warm air, which gently removes moisture.
Food is below average on their best days.
Food is better than average offering the likes of smoked haddock mornay and beef bourguignon .
Food is better than the average pub grub with prices to match.
Food is beyond the means of ordinary people.
Food is big here from the giant portabella mushroom burger to the turkey club.
Food is bland.
Food is bought fresh daily, from individual merchants.
Food is bought from local growers and suppliers wherever possible - some comes from the garden.
Food is bountiful and fresh, especially considering the great distances to supply points.
Food is broken down and absorbed for use along the way.
Food is broken down by our digestive system into elements necessary to sustain life.
Food is broken down inside a food vacuole in the cytoplasm.
Food is broken down into simpler substances.
Food is brought back to the colony where it is hoarded in stores.
Food is brought by the male for the young.
Food is brought from nowhere.
Food is brought in from the chow hall and served up on trays.
Food is brought into the lodge.
Food is brought out immediately after preparation.
Food is brought to the boil in a pan, which is then placed in the box and the lid put on.
Food is brought to the table, and the check is paid at the market's cash register.
Food is built up in the process.
Food is burnt, overcooked, overseasoned or becomes stale.
Food is but a prop in managing each idol's image.
Food is but the catalyst that triggers the body to conduct certain processes and actions.
Food is cached in underground burrows.
Food is cached, often in large caches, for winter use.
Food is called the root of the body-tree.
Food is calories.
Food is carried back to the nest in the throat, and regurgitated for the babies to consume.
Food is carried down to the mouth by cilia contained in the ambulacral grooves.
Food is carried from the mouth to the stomach by the esophagus.
Food is carried in the throat and regurgitated whole onto the floor of the nest.
Food is carried to night feeding roosts and, towards morning, to regular roosts.
Food is casual, including pizza, burgers and similar.
Food is catered in and matched to meet the tastes of each group.
Food is catered, but kitchen facilities are available for student use.
Food is catered.
Food is caught in mucus of gills.
Food is caught in the hairs of the baleen and swallowed.
Food is caught on the bristly fringes.
Food is central to building relationships.
Food is central to many religious traditions.
Food is certainly a physical requirement.
Food is certainly an attraction for many visitors.
Food is certainly one of the greatest expenses while traveling.
Food is cheap and outstanding.
Food is cheap and plentiful because imports are encouraged from all over the world.
Food is cheap and readily available, and most people seem to have enough to eat.
Food is cheap and usually good, and restaurants, including fast food places, are easy to find.
Food is cheap at the cafeteria.
Food is cheap but average, the toilets are excellent and bar staff are friendly.
Food is cheap for good local fare.
Food is cheap, especially in a nation blessed with history's most productive farms.
Food is cheap, everything else is free.
Food is cheap, plentiful, and delicious.
Food is cheap, transportation is good.
Food is cheap.
Food is cheaper and more abundant, encouraging people to consume more of it.
Food is cheaper here in general.
Food is cheaper than supplements and provides other nutrients also.
Food is checked and replaced daily.
Food is chemical energy.
Food is chewed and swallowed before it travels down the esophagus to the stomach .
Food is chewed before swallowing.
Food is chewed by the teeth .
Food is chewed by the teeth.
Food is chewed, lubricated, slightly digested by saliva and moved back by the tongue.
Food is chiefly rodents such as rats, mice and squirrels.
Food is closely interwoven with the rich spiritual life of Aboriginal people.
Food is cold nine out of ten meals, some food dangerous if cold.
Food is cold nine out of ten meals.
Food is collected and distributed during the holiday.
Food is collected and distributed to the needy families as it is available.
Food is collected and stored temporarily in cheek pouches.
Food is collected daily from bakeries, dairies, grocery stores and farmers.
Food is collected in each classroom and at the end of the month delivered to the food pantry.
Food is collected in flight also.
Food is collected with the muscular trunk and then pushed into the mouth.
Food is comfort.
Food is complex and diverse in flavor.
Food is complimented by the wonderful view of the Nile.
Food is conducive to sleep rather than mental or physical activity.
Food is connected to our emotional state.
Food is consequently of great importance for the life expectancy of the dog.
Food is considered a primary reinforcement because it is necessary to sustain life.
Food is considered by many people to be our closest connection to the environment.
Food is consistent from restaurant to restaurant.
Food is consistent, and there's a lot of it.
Food is consistent, reliable, and always there.
Food is consistent.
Food is consistently first rate.
Food is consistently well-prepared with fresh ingredients.
Food is constantly in short supply.
Food is consumed by animals.
Food is consumed by fire.
Food is consumed by people.
Food is consumed by students.
Food is consumed by warriors, veterans, and priests.
Food is consumed.
Food is content.
Food is continental .
Food is continental.
Food is converted into glucose.
Food is converted to natural spirits in the liver.
Food is cooked by parents under open-air pavilions.
Food is cooked by the steam and heat.
Food is cooked communally.
Food is cooked in a pot-belly cast iron pot, and is steeped in tradition.
Food is cooked in East Timor in bamboo in fire.
Food is cooked in front of the guests.
Food is cooked in huge cauldrons by volunteers and served piping hot to the visitors.
Food is cooked in it or dressed with it for serving.
Food is cooked in the hearth, in an iron cauldron or redware vessels.
Food is cooked on primus stoves.
Food is cooked on the premises using fresh, local and seasonal produce.
Food is cooked on wood burning stoves.
Food is cooked over a wood fire in large cauldrons.
Food is cooked over open fires in Dutch ovens.
Food is cooked to make it more palatable and in some cases safe for consumption.
Food is cooked to order and creatively prepared with quality ingredients.
Food is cooked to order here, and it takes time, even for a no-nonsense cheese crisp.
Food is cooked to order, so allow plenty of time.
Food is cooked to order, so please relax and enjoy.
Food is cooked to order.
Food is cooked to perfection in a washi pot.
Food is cooked underground and heated by the thermally heated earth.
Food is cooked when it is ordered, so baked dishes take a while to arrive.
Food is cooked with a great deal of care and respect.
Food is cooked with hot air that is kept moist with steam.
Food is creative and fresh and displayed in bowls on the counter.
Food is creative, price is reasonable, centrally located.
Food is critical.
Food is crucial, shelter and love.
Food is crucial.
Food is crushed between hard spines on the tongue and the roof of the mouth.
Food is crushed in their jaws, then swallowed with little chewing.
Food is culture and history.
Food is culture.
Food is currently safer than any time in history.
Food is cut in bite size pieces, making a knife unnecessary.
Food is cut into halves, quarters, and thirds to illustrate how parts make a whole.
Food is daily.
Food is damn good and the prices are very reasonable.
Food is defined as any edible food except gum and cough drops.
Food is defined as anything edible including candy, gum, snacks, baby food, etc.
Food is definitely vita.
Food is definitely worth checking out.
Food is dehydrated with an occasional meal with an Indian family thrown in.
Food is delicious and local wine is respected and plentiful.
Food is delicious, simple fare, with vegetables from the farm, fresh and cooked with care.
Food is delivered by real yellow checker-cabs.
Food is delivered on a monthly basis.
Food is delivered the same day it's collected, which keeps costs down and maintains freshness.
Food is delivered to the classroom prior to lunchtime.
Food is delivered to the homebound.
Food is delivered to the tables quickly.
Food is delivered to the tissues by the gastrovascular cavity.
Food is dependent on rain.
Food is destroyed in the process.
Food is detected by the free rays which also serve as sensory organs.
Food is different from other consumer products.
Food is different from other economic issues, food is a necessity.
Food is different from what northerners are accustomed to, and it's often spicy.
Food is different.
Food is difficult to chew and swallow.
Food is difficult to find, water even more so.
Food is difficult to obtain.
Food is difficult to vacuum.
Food is digested and absorbed in the small intestine.
Food is digested by hydrolysis.
Food is digested in food vacuoles.
Food is digested in special food vacuoles within the cells.
Food is digested in the gastrovascular cavity and provided to the rest of the colony.
Food is digested in the stomach.
Food is digested inside food vacuoles.
Food is digested inside the digestive sac by enzymes.
Food is digested smoothly and efficiently.
Food is directed toward the mouth.
Food is discouraged in all areas of the university library system.
Food is displayed no more than two hours.
Food is disrtibuted by adult volunteers.
Food is distributed according to family size.
Food is distributed at night in order to avoid discovery from the air.
Food is distributed by diffusion to other body cells.
Food is distributed from the gastrodermis to other cells of the body by diffusion primarily.
Food is distributed from the intestine to all the cells of the body by blood.
Food is distributed through the business office.
Food is distributed throughout the year.
Food is distributed to a wide variety of local agencies.
Food is distributed to the cells of the body by blood.
Food is diverted from humans to animals.
Food is divided into four main groups.
Food is divided into satvic, rajasic and tamasic foods.
Food is divided up into energy food and nonenergy food.
Food is divine. . . .
Food is donated by area restaurants.
Food is donated in small quantities, with no resources for packing.
Food is donated, prepared, and meals are served to residents three times a day.
Food is donated.
Food is done well throughout.
Food is dull down here.
Food is easily the most important resource in the entire game.
Food is easy to pack.
Food is easy, but requires some thought.
Food is eaten at local restaurants or hotels.
Food is eaten by adults.
Food is eaten by ill people.
Food is eaten by mammals.
Food is eaten by particular people.
Food is eaten by people.
Food is eaten by small mammals.
Food is eaten with the fingers, although sometimes utensils are used.
Food is eclectic and fantastic.
Food is eclectic, and the variety is ho-hum.
Food is edibles.
Food is elaborate and prepared to order.
Food is emotional.
Food is emptied into hauling truck from the onsite containers.
Food is endowed with certain inalienable rights.
Food is endowed with life force.
Food is energy plus elements essential for life.
Food is energy required for survival.
Food is energy.
Food is entertainment.
Food is equally impressive, offering a varied menu but specializing in Maine seafood.
Food is essential during the healing process.
Food is essential for adequate absorption of lufenuron.
Food is essential for growth.
Food is essential for life.
Food is essential to life.
Food is essential to public health and is a fundamental part of each country's economy.
Food is essential.
Food is essentially energy in storage therefore food has calories.
Food is even farther away.
Food is even more confounding.
Food is everywhere.
Food is excelle nt and gorgeously presented, service immaculate.
Food is excellent and American-style meals as well as typical Colombian food is available.
Food is excellent and served with style.
Food is excellent and service staffs are extremely friendly and helpful.
Food is excellent and the staff warmly welcoming.
Food is excellent and the waiters are always so friendly.
Food is excellent and VERY healthy, service is great, and prices very reasonable.
Food is excellent with a menu change each night.
Food is excellent with a wide variety of fresh meat, seafood, vegetables, fruits, cheese and wine.
Food is excellent, atmosphere is cosy - rather like being in someone's front room.
Food is excellent, but the prices are too high.
Food is excellent, cheap and lots of it.
Food is excellent, original but also with both Austrian and Italian influences.
Food is excellent, service by entire staff as well.
Food is excellent, they use a lot of mock meat products but a really good variety of dishes.
Food is excellent, with homemade soups, salads, steaks, trout and chicken dishes.
Food is excellent, with three squares per day.
Food is excellent.
Food is Excellent.
Food is excellent-gourmet vegetarian and seafood.
Food is exciting yet familiar, with ingredients drawn from New England's four seasons.
Food is exciting yet familiar, with ingredients from New England's four seasons.
Food is expensive for many.
Food is expensive in above mentioned tourist stations.
Food is expensive relative to anything outside the hotel.
Food is expensive, about double U.S. prices, and the portions are smaller.
Food is expensive, but good.
Food is expensive, farms are small and inefficient.
Food is expensive, wine is cheap.
Food is expensive.
Food is extra and is prepared by the individual or in small groups.
Food is extra.
Food is extraordinary.
Food is extremely important when wanting to look good.
Food is extremely scarce.
Food is extremely uneven.
Food is extruded so it floats longer.
Food is fabulous, service is terrific.
Food is fair at best and service is adequate.
Food is fair.
Food is fairly reasonable pricewise and mostly good.
Food is fantastic.
Food is fast, filling, affordable and fun.
Food is fast, flame-broiled, fried, blackened, grilled and beat up in America.
Food is fat.
Food is featured, but the real attraction is the total experience.
Food is fermented in the first chamber, and nutrients are extracted in the next three.
Food is filtered from the water and passed into a U-shaped gut.
Food is filth.
Food is fine, but meat needs drying a second time before sending.
Food is finely prepared and service is good.
Food is first and last a business.
Food is flash-frozen to kill parasites and bacteria.
Food is flavoured with spices such as chilli, coriander, ginger and tumeric.
Food is food and the less fancy the better for faster refueling.
Food is food, and income is subject to price level changes that often put food out of reach.
Food is food.
Food is for eating.
Food is for strength.
Food is found at ten to twenty meters below the water surface in the summer.
Food is found by sight or by seeing other birds feeding.
Food is free and student call rooms are very nice.
Food is free at both events, but space is limited.
Food is free at the chow hall, standard military chow.
Food is free, good and plentiful.
Food is free, no obligation or paperwork.
Food is frequently the first treatment for illness and highly valued in preventing illness.
Food is fresh and abundant but can become monotonous.
Food is fresh and cooked with culinary integrity.
Food is fresh and generous.
Food is fresh and includes sandwiches and a variety of items from chicken to fish to steaks.
Food is fresh and plentiful at stores and supermarkets.
Food is fresh and plentiful.
Food is fresh and service is good and quick.
Food is fresh and simple, suiting both the region and the season.
Food is fresh and wonderful, with seafood the shining light of the city.
Food is fresh produce bought daily and cooked to order.
Food is fresh, and the menu is varied and eclectic.
Food is fresh, delicious.
Food is fresh, seasonal, spice and flavour-packed.
Food is freshly prepared and plentiful, but a little pricey.
Food is freshly prepared on the premises.
Food is freshly prepared to a high standard and is served either in the restaurant or bar.
Food is freshly prepared using seasonal, local and organic food wherever possible.
Food is fried in mustard oil and liberally seasoned with garlic, onions, and fresh ginger.
Food is from local vendors and tends to run out long before the event is over.
Food is fuel and energy.
Food is fuel for our bodies.
Food is fuel for the body and skipping breakfast or lunch is a mistake.
Food is fuel for the body.
Food is fuel, period.
Food is fuel.
Food is fuel.
Food is full of salmonella furiously searching for a place to spawn.
Food is fully prepared and precut in the kitchen.
Food is fully prepared in the kitchen and artfully presented on heavyweight silver platters.
Food is fun and entertaining.
Food is fun and learning about food is fun, too.
Food is fun to buy, especially fresh food.
Food is fun to touch, look at, smell and taste.
Food is fun, cooking is a pleasure, and eating a delicious meal is the wonderful end reward.
Food is fun.
Food is fundamental and instrumental in our lives.
Food is fundamental to life and health.
Food is fundamental to life.
Food is fundamental, fun, frightening, and far-reaching.
Food is fundamental.
Food is fundamentally about emotion.
Food is garnished nicely but simply.
Food is gathered by gleaning and flycatching on the wing.
Food is gathered from both the ground and from trees.
Food is generally a good attraction at an opening program.
Food is generally available in hostels and in informal restaurants.
Food is generally cheap and there is something to suit every pocket and taste.
Food is generally excellent everywhere.
Food is generally fresh and well-prepared in restaurants.
Food is generally good.
Food is generally of a standard quality.
Food is generally spicy.
Food is given out at public markets and community dining halls.
Food is given out every month as needed.
Food is given to anyone who shows up with a health card.
Food is given to the children as well as personal items.
Food is given too much priority in our society.
Food is good and it's a little like being in a opium den.
Food is good and plentiful.
Food is good and reasonably priced.
Food is good and service is prompt.
Food is good and special, very friendly.
Food is good and the experience is unusual.
Food is good and there s plenty of room.
Food is good and varied.
Food is good at the restaurant.
Food is good business.
Food is good but expensive and the pub often has live music.
Food is good but portions are small.
Food is good but read the strange thing note further down as the prices went wonky.
Food is good but teeth bad.
Food is good but the choice is limited.
Food is good here but there are some delicacies that take a little getting used to.
Food is good here too.
Food is good quality but is on the expensive side.
Food is good too.
Food is good, but it can lead to ill health when eaten in overabundance.
Food is good, but too much of it or the wrong kind can bring discomfort or disease.
Food is good, but, pretty standard for a cafe.
Food is good, folks are friendly, music is live and the people watching is more fun than the darts.
Food is good, hot showers.
Food is good, impressively varied and cheap.
Food is good, interesting, and reasonable.
Food is good, pizza is greasy with very thin crust, but tasty.
Food is good, portions generous and prices reasonable.
Food is good, service and attitude is excellent.
Food is good, the place is comfortable, the decor even looks like someone thought about it.
Food is good, they have a very varied menu.
Food is good, too.
Food is good.
Food is Good.
Food is good.
Food is grabbed for by each one, without the least considera- tion of any other.
Food is great and a lot of attention paid to the guests comfort.
Food is great and service is excellent.
Food is great and service is friendly.
Food is great and there is lots of it.
Food is great here.
Food is great prices are right something for everyone here.
Food is great, as is the beer.
Food is great, but most of the old places are great too, and more fun.
Food is great, reasonable, and unpretentious.
Food is great, the atmosphere is also excellent.
Food is great, too.
Food is great.
Food is groceries.
Food is grown everywhere, in cities, in suburbs.
Food is grown in and around the village.
Food is grown in fields that have been cleared of all other life.
Food is grown in the ground or containers.
Food is grown on site in a large demonstration organic garden.
Food is grown organically on poles above the ground.
Food is grown there to supplement the group s diets.
Food is grown, which takes work.
Food is hard to find in the winter.
Food is hard to find.
Food is hard to get when the weather freaks out.
Food is harder to digest at high altitudes.
Food is harder to find and cold temperatures cause energy stress.
Food is harder to find during winter and they are required to spend the day foraging continuously.
Food is heated to destroy bacteria and then sealed in cans within hours of harvesting.
Food is heavier and takes up more space than money.
Food is held and manipulated in the buccal cavity by the teeth and tongue.
Food is held to a double standard in popular culture.
Food is here to be enjoyed - especially at holiday times.
Food is high quality and reasonably priced.
Food is high-end but comfortable.
Food is history.
Food is home cooked and plentiful using fresh local produce.
Food is home-made, delicious, and plentiful.
Food is home-style and hearty but very heavy.
Food is hot right now.
Food is hunted on the trail.
Food is hygienically prepared in a well equipped kitchen and served in spacious dining halls.
Food is ice cream, confectionery, hot dogs, burgers and milkshakes.
Food is important as a staple of clubhouse work.
Food is important for training.
Food is important in maintaining the body's energy stores and healing the bowel.
Food is important in Senegal.
Food is important on kayak trips.
Food is important to create a more relaxed atmosphere where discussion is encouraged.
Food is important to everyone-no matter what age.
Food is important, a big feature of life, everywhere in Greece and much so here in Crete.
Food is important.
Food is in abundance in every direction.
Food is in church hall in basement.
Food is in large bowls and students pass around the dishes to serve themselves something to eat.
Food is in short supply .
Food is in short supply, drinking water is unsafe and sanitation inadequate.
Food is in short supply.
Food is in the colon and semicolon.
Food is incidental but available from a host of people.
Food is incidental.
Food is included at some properties.
Food is included in summer program charges.
Food is included in the price of the ticket.
Food is included in the price.
Food is included in the ticket.
Food is included.
Food is increasingly scarce, prices skyrocketing.
Food is incredible, atmosphere unique and service very friendly.
Food is incredible.
Food is incredibly plentiful.
Food is indifferent and service has been variable.
Food is indispensable.
Food is inexpensive and prescription drugs, in the view of many, are very expensive.
Food is inexpensive beer is cheap.
Food is inexpensive but good.
Food is inexpensive to buy.
Food is inexpensive yet consistently delicious.
Food is inexpensive, and wine costs less than soda pop.
Food is inexpensive.
Food is ingested and broke up by the pharyngeal teeth, then digested in a long winding intestine.
Food is ingested at a spot near the base of the flagella.
Food is ingested by cilia through oral groove into gullet.
Food is ingested through the mouth and egested through the anus.
Food is innovative and upbeat and specialising in local seafood and vegetables.
Food is insects.
Food is insufficient.
Food is intended for internally displaced people and the newly arrived refugees.
Food is interesting if a little pretentious.
Food is interesting, though nothing to jump up for.
Food is interesting.
Food is introduced each time step only to the good habitat.
Food is invested with great importance and symbolic significance.
Food is irradiated after packaging, so leaves the manufacturer free of bacteria.
Food is irradiated by exposing it to a source of ionising radiation.
Food is irradiated to make it safer.
Food is irradiated when it is exposed briefly to electrons, gamma rays or X-rays.
Food is irrelevant for combivir absorption.
Food is irrelevant.
Food is Japanese, with some French accents, which makes it quite interesting.
Food is just a drop in the bucket.
Food is just a fantastic experience.
Food is just as fantastic, with dishes that have been honed over the years until each is perfect.
Food is just as important to an army as ammunition.
Food is just food.
Food is just the starting point.
Food is just the symptom.
Food is just there, in the store.
Food is just too important to every human being.
Food is just very interesting.
Food is kept in coolers in the camper topper on the truck.
Food is kept very basic.
Food is kept warm all day for visiting family.
Food is key to energy.
Food is kind of pretentious and lame, though acceptable to the taste buds.
Food is labeled for a variety of reasons, such as nutritional information or handling instructions.
Food is labeled, stored, cooled, and reheated in a manner to keep it out of the danger zone.
Food is laid out in temples to feed the hungry ghosts that wander the earth for one day.
Food is laid out on the table, wine is poured into glasses and smiles are passed out to observers.
Food is laid out or ready to go.
Food is left in the front or back yard in a dog bowl.
Food is legal.
Food is less appetizing.
Food is less important than water.
Food is less important.
Food is life for the body and the mind.
Food is life, and life can be understood through food.
Food is life.
Food is light and fresh.
Food is light.
Food is like a drug.
Food is like a fuel to the human body.
Food is like a marriage, a lifelong companion, who supports, strengthens and builds.
Food is like a medicine, it can make the body or sometimes, it can break it.
Food is like gasoline for a car.
Food is like nuclear energy.
Food is likely to get healthier.
Food is likewise complex.
Food is limited and one can find the mind coveting another monks pear.
Food is limited to standard bar fare and the beer selection is decent.
Food is limited to the lounge.
Food is limited to tiny bags of pretzels and potato chips.
Food is limited to, burgers, hot dogs, tossed salad and potato salad, dessert and beverage.
Food is limited, but OK thanks to early conservation.
Food is limited.
Food is live medicine.
Food is loaded into the irradiator on standard pallets.
Food is local and natural.
Food is located by the nose, which is held close to the ground.
Food is located in backpacks.
Food is located in boats.
Food is located in bowls.
Food is located in cabinets.
Food is located in cans.
Food is located in containers.
Food is located in cupboards.
Food is located in fairgrounds.
Food is located in fairs.
Food is located in freezers.
Food is located in fridges.
Food is located in homes.
Food is located in houses.
Food is located in jails.
Food is located in jars.
Food is located in kitchens.
Food is located in malls.
Food is located in markets.
Food is located in mouths.
Food is located in ovens.
Food is located in pantries.
Food is located in parks.
Food is located in plates.
Food is located in refrigerators.
Food is located in schools.
Food is located in shelfs.
Food is located in shops.
Food is located in space shuttles.
Food is located in spoons.
Food is located in stomachs.
Food is located in stores.
Food is located in supermarkets.
Food is located in tables.
Food is located in trash.
Food is located in trucks.
Food is located in weddings.
Food is located in zoos.
Food is located near plates.
Food is located with the help of special electroreceptors located in the rostrum.
Food is locked up.
Food is lodged in the victim's trachea.
Food is love Our bodies require love through appropriate touch.
Food is love.
Food is low in acid.
Food is made of carbon.
Food is made of six important nutrients.
Food is made or caught by New England farmers, fishermen and chefs.
Food is made up of carbohydrate, protein and fat.
Food is made up of different nutrients needed for growth and health.
Food is made up of fat, protein and carbohydrates.
Food is made up of insects.
Food is made up of living matter.
Food is mailed from home at varying intervals so that there is no burden by the extra food weight.
Food is mainly canned foods, frozen and dehydrated meat and vegetables.
Food is mainly other fish, little to no plant life.
Food is mainly plat material.
Food is mainly small mammals, together with birds.
Food is mainly squid, fish and some crustacea.
Food is manipulated with the hands and pulled to the mouth.
Food is man's basic necessity.
Food is manufactured as in green plants, by the aid of the chlorophyll in the chromato- phores.
Food is marvellous.
Food is mashed up by the teeth and mixed with saliva.
Food is mass produced, and as a result bacteria can easily spread through large volumes of product.
Food is mass-produced in daily cycles using preapproved recipes.
Food is masticated between horny plates located on each jaw.
Food is material for use by the body.
Food is meant to nourish the psyche, the heart and the body.
Food is meant to primarily self-digest.
Food is measured by weight or volume to ensure that the portions are correct.
Food is medicine.
Food is mediocre at best and vile at worst.
Food is mediocre but the location is great.
Food is medium priced and there is a good selection.
Food is ment to sustain the body.
Food is mercifully inexpensive and so available.
Food is messy.
Food is metabolized, and the nutritional elements are distributed through the organism.
Food is minor.
Food is mixed with bacteria and protozoa, which aid the digestive process.
Food is money.
Food is more important than education.
Food is more important than some-thing just to stop hunger.
Food is more important to some birds than to others.
Food is more likely to be stolen when fewer people are around.
Food is more of a nuisance than a necessity.
Food is more plentiful here, and the structure provides protection from predators.
Food is more plentiful, and feral domestic cat populations have grown to high densities.
Food is more than a personal choice - it's an ethical decision.
Food is more than a simple matter of nutrition.
Food is more than adequate and more than necessary.
Food is more than fuel for the body.
Food is more than just a collection of nutrients.
Food is more than just food.
Food is more than just fuel.
Food is more than simply nutrients.
Food is more up to date.
Food is most affordable in the United States.
Food is mostly insects.
Food is mostly limited to locally produced meat, milk products and flour.
Food is mostly snacky stuff bought from the grocery stores or at roadside dhabas.
Food is mostly vegetarian, with our emphasis on healthy foods kids like.
Food is moved along by peristalsis.
Food is moved by cilia to mouth.
Food is moved in small amounts and at regular intervals into the small intestine.
Food is moved through the system while digestive enzymes that break down the food are secreted.
Food is moved to the next site of digestion, the small intestine, by peristalsis.
Food is much easier than water.
Food is much more abundant in the ocean where salmon live most of their lives.
Food is much more than a commodity.
Food is much more than just a collection of nutrients.
Food is necessary for energy, and that energy is mostly used to produce heat and keep the body warm.
Food is necessary for growth in children and maintenance in adults.
Food is necessary for human existence.
Food is necessary for life, food is available everywhere, and food tastes good.
Food is necessary for the existence of man.
Food is necessary to sustain life, But over indulgence is the root of many illnesses.
Food is needed even less than liquid so that requires a lot of preparation.
Food is needed for energy during the day.
Food is needed for survival.
Food is needed in large quantities.
Food is needed now.
Food is needed.
Food is neutral.
Food is never in short supply as our guides always prepare more than is needed.
Food is never only about material food for biological needs.
Food is never pretty close up.
Food is news.
Food is nice touch too.
Food is no exception.
Food is no longer just entertainment.
Food is no longer recreational and no food is offered as a reward.
Food is no longer scarce, and is in fact universally available and widely advertised.
Food is normally inexpensive.
Food is nothing to brag about.
Food is nourishment and is essential to the body.
Food is nourishment.
Food is now an issue.
Food is now available for local consumption and for sale at nearby markets.
Food is now more abundant and affordable than at any other time in history.
Food is now prepared at the college and transported to the mountain campus.
Food is now scarce and expensive, forcing some families to only eat two meals per week.
Food is now very much a fashion industry in which innovation sows the seeds of success.
Food is nutritious and plain like all institutional food.
Food is o.
Food is obtained by foraging on beaches, dunes and in tidal wrack.
Food is obtained by turning over debris and by digging.
Food is obtained from the ants by direct parasitism, predation, stealing, or scavenging.
Food is obtained under surface objects, or while foraging on the surface at night.
Food is obtained using the beak.
Food is obviously an important aspect to trout survival as in any living organism.
Food is obviously big business in the valley.
Food is of a consistently high standard and our chefs cook for most dietary needs.
Food is of a good standard and reasonably priced.
Food is of four kinds.
Food is of high quality and there is plenty of it.
Food is of high quality.
Food is of the senses-the sight, the feel, the smell, the taste.
Food is offered and the statues washed is rose water, honey etc.
Food is offered by way of curries from a nearby restaurant.
Food is offered daily thereafter.
Food is offered to monks as worshippers circle a whitewashed stupa rising from a red dirt courtyard.
Food is offered to the officiating monks as part of the merit-making for the deceased.
Food is offered when it is available.
Food is often a major area of concern and conflict in families.
Food is often a part of our family gatherings and fellowship.
Food is often cold because trays are pre-prepared.
Food is often inadequate and of low quality and prison sanitation is poor.
Food is often moldy or spoiled .
Food is often pot-luck, with refreshments provided.
Food is often scarce in the rain forest and that is why the orangutan is a semi-solitary creature.
Food is often scarce in the Sahara.
Food is often the catalyst for uniting diverse groups of people.
Food is often the last source of independence.
Food is often the main source of toxins.
Food is often the part of a family's spending plan that has the least amount of flexibility.
Food is often the source of outbreaks.
Food is OK at best.
Food is OK, but, don t gain weight.
Food is OK, prices are fair.
Food is okay and always a buffet.
Food is okay and very over prices.
Food is okay.
Food is on every corner.
Food is on the first level.
Food is on the foo table.
Food is on the light side.
Food is one area in which Hispanic influences are apparent in the United States.
Food is one area where parents' own actions are especially important.
Food is one factor.
Food is one of humanity's great pleasures, and in the future, it's only going to get better.
Food is one of life's pleasures.
Food is one of modern Israel's most important exports.
Food is one of the aspects of culture that most people most solidly cling to.
Food is one of the delights of life.
Food is one of the designer's favourite subjects.
Food is one of the few places left where they still have control.
Food is one of the first places a child can exert control in their lives.
Food is one of the great reasons to travel, and Morocco rewards the gastronome.
Food is one of the main areas of concern.
Food is one of the main attractions and is sold in the park pavilion and under a large tent.
Food is one of the main paths by which immigrants to the city made their way in their new society.
Food is one of the more important factors in determining health or sickness.
Food is one of the most important item on any tour.
Food is one of the most important parts of sustainable development.
Food is one of the most powerful reinforcers on earth.
Food is one part of the treatment for diabetes.
Food is one thing that greatly varies and makes up a lot of a country s culture.
Food is one thing.
Food is one way of understanding the support system.
Food is only a mass of energy.
Food is only fuel.
Food is only medicine for the disease called hunger.
Food is only nutritious if it is eaten.
Food is only one component of a happy, healthier life.
Food is only one issue.
Food is only one of an infinite number of pleasures.
Food is only one of the ways in which the immigrants have begun to change the fabric of Dutch life.
Food is only reimbursedup to a daily per-diem allowance.
Food is only to be eaten in the lunch area.
Food is optional.
Food is ordered at a walk up counter.
Food is ordered at the counter and picked up when the patron's number is called.
Food is ordered based on a count.
Food is ordered buffet style and carried from the cash register on plastic trays.
Food is ordered by phone and patients can call as frequently as they want.
Food is ordered from the menu.
Food is ordered twice a year.
Food is ordered.
Food is ordinary, prices are high, service is rushed and the atmosphere is anything but elegant.
Food is organic and vegetarian.
Food is organic where possible.
Food is our best medicine.
Food is our best source of vitamins and minerals.
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
Food is our favorite substitute for love.
Food is our focal point.
Food is our friend.
Food is our fuel.
Food is our kindling for the fire.
Food is our strong point with a wide range of bar snacks, salad and sandwich platters.
Food is outdated, Meat many times smells, spoiled and it is cooked and fed to the patients.
Food is outstanding.
Food is over rated.
Food is over-priced though.
Food is overpriced.
Food is packaged so that with any care at all much can be stored for months.
Food is packed in containers and moved by conveyer belt into a shielded room.
Food is packed in containers and moved by conveyor belt into a shielded room.
Food is paid for by corporate sponsors.
Food is paid for by teacher.
Food is paid for by the site's sponsors.
Food is part of both individual and collective identities.
Food is part of food.
Food is part of magic.
Food is part of our culture.
Food is part of the cultural and personal tie with the past, people, and generations in a culture.
Food is part of what a cruise is all about.
Food Is particularly fond of wood-boring insects.
Food is passed through the esophagus by using the process of peristalsis.
Food is passed through the gastropod gut, or at least partly, by the action of the ciliary tracts.
Food is passed through the gut and special droppings, called caecotrophs, are produced.
Food is passed to the stomach from the oesophagus.
Food is passion.
Food is perishable.
Food is permitted only in the dining room and kitchen areas.
FOOD is permitted ONLY in the kitchen and dining room.
Food is pictured, as it isn t.
Food is placed alongside the egg and then sealed tight.
Food is placed in a specific spot in our homes according to their characteristics.
Food is placed in boiling liquid and cooked.
Food is placed in cold liquid and then brought to the boil and cooked.
Food is placed in the center of the table.
Food is placed in the mouth of the puppet and fed to the chick from the puppet's mouth.
Food is placed inside logs, along the banks of the stream, or in various puzzle feeders in the yard.
Food is placed on a heat proof plate inside the steamer, suspended over rapidly boiling water.
Food is placed on the edge of the nest by the parents but water is provided by regurgitation.
Food is placed on the floor of the flight so that they get plenty of exercise at feeding time.
Food is placed on the plate in parallel stripes to create optical illusions.
Food is placed on top of the rack, allowing rodents easy access through the steel mesh.
Food is plain, hearty fare - a legacy of the British colonial heritage.
Food is plain, vegetarian and served with elaborate ceremony at formal meals.
Food is plated in the kitchen and placed before guests.
Food is pleasure and guilt, terror and despair.
Food is pleasure.
Food is plentiful and always includes a variety of vegetarian and low-fat options.
Food is plentiful and appetizing.
Food is plentiful and comes in a variety of seafood, vegetable and fruit dishes.
Food is plentiful and delicious.
Food is plentiful and good, the service excellent and is a non-smoking restaurant.
Food is plentiful and includes dishes unique to the islands.
Food is plentiful and nutritious, but except on a few occasions, runs bland and unimaginative.
Food is plentiful and reasonable priced.
Food is plentiful and the climate conducive to breeding.
Food is plentiful and there is much happiness.
Food is plentiful here, except perhaps in prison.
Food is plentiful on board, with numerous choices.
Food is plentiful on the field, breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Food is plentiful with a good choice from a table d'hote menu offering a five course dinner.
Food is plentiful with salmon quesadillas, halibut tacos, pizza and reindeer hot dogs.
Food is plentiful, and students usually feast on seaweed, raw oysters, crab, and other seafood.
Food is plentiful, and the farm runs smoothly.
Food is plentiful, as are the drinks.
Food is plentiful, beautifully served, and satisfying to the palate.
Food is plentiful, nutritious, and delicious.
Food is plentiful, of a wide variety, and free.
Food is plentiful, yet predators are few.
Food is plentiful.
Food is plot, character, setting.
Food is poison.
Food IS political.
Food is politics.
Food is portioned out on trays to serve eight per table.
Food is potluck, and the facilities are air-conditioned.
Food is power because without food people are at the mercy of the landowner.
Food is power, they say.
Food is power.
Food is Power.
Food Is Power.
FOOD is power.
Food is powerful.
Food is prepared according to request.
Food is prepared ahead of time so that no cooking needs to be done during the festival.
Food is prepared and eaten in the kitchen on the first floor.
Food is prepared and handed out, and people are collected and taken home.
Food is prepared and people are invited including the Sultan to partake the feast.
Food is prepared and served by the class members.
Food is prepared and served in our dining facilities.
Food is prepared and stored in the northeast corner.
Food is prepared as part of menu planning and to develop merchandising skills.
Food is prepared at each restaurant location.
Food is prepared at home and a community feast.
Food is prepared by a full-time cook in a clean, well equipped kitchen.
Food is prepared by a staff of award-winning chefs.
Food is prepared by experienced dieticians and is both plentiful and nutritious.
Food is prepared by the crew and consists of only traditional meals and fresh water.
Food is prepared by the owners.
Food is prepared commissary-style, in one central kitchen area, to reduce production time and costs.
Food is prepared daily featuring Western and Asian cuisines from prepared dishes to a la carte menu.
Food is prepared differently, and the ingredients take a different path from origin to table.
Food is prepared for serving according to starting time.
Food is prepared for special events on campus.
Food is prepared for the guaranteed number of guests.
Food is prepared fresh daily from the finest ingredients, including herbs from the garden.
Food is prepared from ingredients and recipes from the locality.
Food is prepared from the finest produce available to suit both modern and traditional cuisine.
Food is prepared in a large wok that looked more like a flying saucer.
Food is prepared in a modular kitchen that was built in Savannah and is attached to the restaurant.
Food is prepared in a smaller, separate structure.
Food is prepared in a very large kitchen below decks and brought up to the dining area.
Food is prepared in an eclectic mixture of Nicaraguan and European styles.
Food is prepared in an open kitchen.
Food is prepared in back of the nearby bar.
Food is prepared in small three to five man messes, individually, or as a complete company.
Food is prepared on butagas stoves and meals are served in a large dinner tent.
Food is prepared on-site in semidisplay kitchens.
Food is prepared so there is no waiting.
Food is prepared using the amounts on the chart below.
Food is prepared with standard ingredients.
Food is prepared with the freshest ingredients and most savory recipes.
Food is prepared, and a picnic banquet is planned.
Food is prepared, cooked, and served to hundreds of people at any given meal.
Food is presented in smart, Japanese-style square plates and the arrangements are beautiful.
Food is presented stylishly too, but with more artistic restraint.
Food is presented wonderfully decorated and arranged.
Food is preserved by controlling anything that can spoil it.
Food is preserved in cans made of tin-plated steel and prepared in stainless steel cookware.
Food is pressed or passed through a sieve to remove lumps or strain liquid.
Food is pretty good, and the atmosphere is interesting.
Food is pretty good.
Food is pretty inexpensive, but souvenirs can be pricey.
Food is pretty powerful stuff.
Food is priced separately.
Food is pricey because most of it's imported, and accommodation is simply in short supply.
Food is primarily vegetarian and typical of India.
Food is primarily vegetarian with occasional chicken or fish.
Food is primarly insects, other invertebrates, and smaller fishes.
Food is principally small mammals, but birds and other vertebrates are taken at times.
Food is probably a good idea anyway.
Food is probably the third most expensive part of a trip after transportation and accommodations.
Food is processed and textiles are produced in the city.
Food is processed by sucking it through a small opening in the end of a tentacle.
Food is processed for use as it passes along the digestive tract.
Food is processed in four stages.
Food is propelled from the front to the back of the mouth during the oral stage of the swallow.
Food is propelled through the digestive tract more slowly.
Food is provided and cooked on the campfire.
Food is provided and drinking is essential.
Food is provided and prepared by researchers themselves.
Food is provided and prizes are awarded at the end of the tournament.
Food is provided and the forum is completely open to questions, concerns, or qualms.
Food is provided as an auxiliary service to complement their other activities.
Food is provided at additional cost by community groups and vendors.
Food is provided by a caterer who has converted a large trailer into a mobile kitchen.
Food is provided by a local caterer.
Food is provided by a variety of food plots.
Food is provided by adults.
Food is provided by donations from area restaurants, churches, and individuals.
Food is provided by females carrying objects into the nest, and by regurgitation.
Food is provided by individuals, families, neighbors, organizations, churches, etc.
Food is provided by local church and civic groups with a variety of country cooking.
Food is provided by local organizations and private contributions.
Food is provided by mothers.
Food is provided by parents.
Food is provided for all overnights.
Food is provided for all.
Food is provided for breakfasts, lunches, and weekend meals.
Food is provided for everyone, and the men do the cooking.
Food is provided for many different forms of wildlife through agriculture.
Food is provided for the bird in a hack box until it is able to hunt by itself.
Food is provided for the preparation of breakfast during the week and all meals on weekends.
Food is provided for the visiting wildlife.
Food is provided for the volunteers and staff.
Food is provided for volunteers.
Food is provided from coolers carried in the sled.
Food is provided from the kitchen of a nearby kibbutz.
Food is provided in abundant quantities.
Food is provided in most abundant quantities and in great variety.
Food is provided in soup kitchens operated by officers and soldiers.
Food is provided in the cost of the trip.
Food is provided on the refuge by native aquatic plants as well as cultivated crops.
Food is provided only for paid symposia attendees.
Food is provided through a chute, again eliminating any view of humans.
Food is provided to the larvae through the process of trophallaxis by which food is regurgitated.
Food is provided twice daily to keep our specimens healthy and strong.
Food is provided until the birds are able to hunt successfully.
Food is provided with good service.
Food is provided with the kit to raise one generation of larvae.
Food is provided without charge by some of the major food companies.
Food is provided, and clothes are washed by hand.
Food is provided, please bring drinks or dessert.
Food is provided, water, wood, shelter, and further medical attention.
Food is provided.
Food is purchased at wholesale prices and delivered monthly.
Food is purchased from some of the largest, most reputable food service distributors in the country.
Food is purchased on the open market in bulk by a professional purchasing staff.
Food is purchased only from approved vendors.
Food is pushed along it by the gut muscles.
Food is put in the pot, lid placed over the top, and the pot is placed in the oven to cook.
Food is put in.
Food is quality vegetarian.
Food is quite eatable.
Food is quite good considering the overall lack of eateries in town.
Food is rationed and tastes like cardboard.
Food is rationed in Cuba.
Food is rationed, amenities are scarce and the pay is meager.
Food is rationed.
Food is readily available as well as automobile garages, a bank, and other services.
Food is readily available from the Sea and the agricultural fields that surround it.
Food is readily available in food stands on the corner, caf s, and stores.
Food is really good, and often innovative.
Food is reasonable in quality and low in price.
Food is reasonable too.
Food is reasonably good and definitely plentiful.
Food is refrigerated.
Food is regarded as medicine and is the single most important element of a treatment plan.
Food is regurgitated then eaten by a sequence of bees until reaching the queen.
FOOD is reimbursed on a per diem basis, depending on the city where the meal is eaten.
Food is relatively cheap and abundant.
Food is relatively inexpensive and of very high, healthy quality.
Food is relatively inexpensive and very safe.
Food is remarkably good, all the guys working here are remarkably friendly.
Food is reportedly very good.
Food is represented in the display by red apples.
Food is required to sustain life.
Food is reserve starch which is stored in pyrenoids.
Food is responsible for body structure.
Food is restricted to the main pavilion and picnic area only.
Food is rich with nutrient and with metaphor.
Food is roasted when it's cooked uncovered in a high, dry heat.
Food is rustic.
Food is sad and obsessive and dangerous.
Food is safe and sanitary.
Food is safe because everyone understands and accepts their responsibilities.
Food is safe to eat, especially food produced in Ireland.
Food is safe, although it is advisable to peel all fruit and veg.
Food is safe.
Food is sampled in three categories, core, regional and national.
Food is scarce again for the dinosaurs.
Food is scarce and becomes a topic of constant interest and concern.
Food is scarce and expensive, and hospitals are without even the most basic supplies.
Food is scarce and limited.
Food is scarce and malnutrition common in the city.
Food is scarce and nutrition is poor.
Food is scarce and often times the bats die.
Food is scarce and signs of malnutrition are common among children.
Food is scarce and stale.
Food is scarce and the climate is very cold.
Food is scarce and very little humanitarian aid is permitted into Chechnya itself.
Food is scarce as is rest.
Food is scarce enough without having to give it away.
Food is scarce for a tree squirrel in the winter.
Food is scarce in Russia and when available it is unappetizing and bland.
Food is scarce, and the cells are bare.
Food is scarce, especially when snow crusts over ground and plants.
Food is scarce, so is clean water.
Food is scarce, spoiled and frequently roach-infested.
Food is scarce.
Food is scarcest and energy demands are greatest.
Food is scattered in the yard and hidden in holes and under logs.
Food is scheduled to be Chinese pastries.
Food is scooped onto the spoon from the plate.
Food is scooped out using hands.
Food is second only to transportation as a source of consumer-related environmental impacts.
Food is second only to transportation as a source of consumer-related environmental problems.
Food is second.
Food is secondary now.
Food is secondary there.
Food is secondary, in case someone wants it.
Food is secondary, though.
Food is seized in the tip, the head is tossed upward, and the food is thrown back into the throat.
Food is self-selected and purchased in grocery stores with the flexibility of eating out.
Food is sensual.
Food is sensuous.
Food is separated into general categories like meat, fast food, fruits, and breads.
Food is serious business.
Food is served after every service.
Food is served all day long.
Food is served all day with a wide ranging menu offering many local speciallities.
Food is served all day.
Food is served and lively Irish tunes are played.
Food is served and transportation even provided when needed.
Food is served anytime of the day.
Food is served as a convenience.
Food is served as per the doctor's advice.
Food is served at all times.
Food is served at cafeterias.
Food is served at no charge for exhibitors.
Food is served at non-profit prices.
Food is served at tables covered with plastic cloths and topped with bottles of fiery hot sauce.
Food is served at the cafeneons and the owners are almost always excellent cooks.
Food is served at the meetings and there is time for socializing.
Food is served between twelve and two, from a cheap and cheerful menu.
Food is served buffet style.
Food is served buffet-style, and diners can eat in our outdoor patio when weather permits.
Food is served by the children as well.
Food is served by volunteers and provided by various hotels or sponsored by companies.
Food is served by women.
Food is served cafeteria style.
Food is served every night.
Food is served family style and it is very good.
Food is served family style and prepared by a wonderful culinary staff.
Food is served family style and the older children can help serve and pour the liquids.
Food is served family style on small plates, perfect for sharing and tasting.
Food is served family style, and staff eat with the children.
Food is served family style.
Food is served family-style and is excellent and plentiful.
Food is served fast with individual acre and attention.
Food is served free.
Food is served fresh and hot in air-conditioned environment.
Food is served from chuck wagons.
Food is served from the morning onwards.
Food is served here.
Food is served immediately on order improving service and table turnover cycles.
Food is served in a modern facility.
Food is served in a pleasant atmosphere, along with friendly people.
Food is served in both bar and restaurant.
Food is served in cafeteria-style buffets with salad bar and desserts.
Food is served in cardboard cartons rather than on plates.
Food is served in huge family-styled portions accompanied by a boisterous atmosphere.
Food is served in one of the two dining rooms or on the circular porch.
Food is served in our restaurant and bar all day.
Food is served in profuse quantities.
Food is served in pubs, which are open for a short lunch period if open at all.
Food is served in small bowls or on banana leaves.
Food is served in the bar, restaurant or outside on the large patio.
Food is served in the college cafeteria.
Food is served in the dining hall.
Food is served in the garden, please order at the bar.
Food is served in the home.
Food is served in two separate halls and gifts are presented to the couple.
Food is served more frequently with kittens than with adult cats.
Food is served on a cafeteria basis.
Food is served on a low wooden table.
Food is served on china, and beverages are poured into glassware.
Food is served on crushed apple pulp plates, with baked cornflour cutlery.
Food is served on foam plates with plastic utensils.
Food is served on the boat before arriving at the volcano and snacks after the snorkeling.
Food is served on the first floor, though it's usually mellowest in the basement.
Food is served on weekends, public holidays and by special request.
Food is served out of a large communal bowl, which is the focal point of the meal.
Food is served quickly and the specialty is herds of small, fairly tidy buffalo wings.
Food is served raw to prevent nutrient loss from cooking.
Food is served Sun.-Thurs.
Food is served there too.
Food is served three times daily on weekdays, together with lunch at the weekend.
Food is served throughout the day.
Food is served till closing every day.
Food is served to children so that they can be successful, rather than frustrated.
Food is served to mark the end of the negotiations and palm gin is served.
Food is served until a half-hour before closing.
Food is served until late,is of a very high standard and quite reasonably priced.
Food is served until midnight.
Food is served until the doors are locked.
Food is served warm.
Food is served when possible so audiences can sample traditional family recipes.
Food is served which is special.
Food is served.
Food is serviced all day at reasonable prices.
Food is shared on occasion.
Food is shared with animals and birds.
Food is short and they face difficulty in obtaining drinking water.
Food is short, no pizza and no beer.
Food is short.
Food is simple and celebratory.
Food is simple and nutritious with an emphasis on carbohydrates and local vegetables.
Food is simple but abundant and there are a few breaks which are still virgin.
Food is simple but nutritionally adequate.
Food is simple but tasty.
Food is simple, but always plentiful.
Food is simple, but fresh and abundant.
Food is simple.
Food is simply delicious.
Food is simply fuel in our home.
Food is simply fuel to be used to produce energy.
Food is simply too good to stay away from.
Food is slid in from the outside of the cell through the iron bars.
Food is slow-cooked, over real wood smoke.
Food is so abundant in the flats that game fish leave the safety of the depths to search for a meal.
Food is so basic that many take it for granted.
Food is so competitive and tough.
Food is so expensive.
Food is so good and here at USD there is a grip of choices to snack on.
Food is so integral to the Italian culture and lifestyle.
Food is so much a matter of people's opinions.
Food is so scarce that the wolves are hunting men.
Food is so scarse in the Arctic that no part of a wolf's pray is wasted.
Food is so Singaporean.
Food is so so and that atmospher can get annoying quick.
Food is so so.
Food is soaked in cold, water or washed under running water to dissolve the salt.
Food is social, for example.
Food is softer the warmer it is.
Food is solace.
Food is sold at individual booths and is priced separately.
Food is sold during lunch break as a fundraiser by various classes.
Food is sold in bulk, and supplies are very limited.
Food is sold or provided by a caterer.
Food is sold to yyou by a costumed vendor at an open-air market on the village green.
Food is solid, presentation and service top-notch.
Food is solids.
Food is something that an organism needs to process to extract minerals, proteins, etc.
Food is something that nourishes our body.
Food is something that the masked shrew requires frequently.
Food is something to be shared with family, friends, the community.
Food is something to be used only to alleviate suffering.
Food is something to explore, to enjoy, to share with others.
Food is something very personal to many people.
Food is somewhat limited so a snack is recommended.
Food is sorted and passed into the mouth.
Food is sorted here and moved toward the mouth.
Food is sorted here.
Food is so-so, service is poor.
Food is sparse, everyone stands in line.
Food is specially prepared for the souls.
Food is spicy, hearty and good.
Food is spiritual.
Food is still a favourite weapon with many authoritative regimes in the world today.
Food is still a powerful drawing card.
Food is still on the table in the galley.
Food is still one of the most important elements of community.
Food is still scarce and unemployment remains high despite international aid.
Food is still sufficient, so is water and electric power.
Food is still the best way to get nutrients.
Food is stirred and ladled out with scoops made out of gourds called calabashes.
Food is stored as oil or leucosin in vesicles in the cell.
Food is stored as starch.
Food is stored at the mill as reserve for difficult times.
Food is stored by almost every human society and by many animals.
Food is stored energy and essential elements like carbon, nitrogen and hydrogen.
Food is stored energy.
Food is stored extensively in underground chambers.
Food is stored in a special place in it's body .
Food is stored in cabinets or refrigerators designated for such use only.
Food is stored in granaries.
Food is stored in some leaves.
Food is stored in the first chamber where is it partially broken down.
Food is stored in the leaves of the bud.
Food is stored in the open and often infested with flies and other insects.
Food is stored in underground chambers for winter use.
Food is stored in underground dens.
Food is stored in walk-in coolers typically located in the back of the store.
Food is stored there in the form of a carbohydrate called glycogen .
Food is strained from the water by gill rakers in the gill slits .
Food is strained from the water by gill rakers in the gill slits.
Food is strained from the water by gill rakers located in the gill slits.
Food is strained out on the gill surface.
Food is strained through a fine or coarse stainless steel screen.
Food is strength and life.
Food is stuffed into their large cheek pouches and carried back to store in their dens.
Food is stupid.
Food is substances.
Food is such a ceremonial, communal thing.
Food is such a weakness.
Food is such an important focus in our lives.
Food is such an important part of a culture.
Food is sucked from the esophagus or pharynx into and through the intestine.
Food is superb at both.
Food is supplied and transport for camping equipment is arranged.
Food is supplied by an outside vendor.
Food is supplied in place.
Food is supplied in troughs fitted to the cage fronts and an automatic water supply is provided.
Food is suppose to be appealing on a primary level.
Food is suppose to be incredible and it the italian design of the building decor.
Food is supposed to be stored off the floor lest it attract insects and vermin.
Food is supposed to provide more, but our food is electrochemically dead.
Food is supposedly authentic English, most interesting of which are the pickled eggs and onions.
Food is swallowed , which means it goes through the oesophagus .
Food is swallowed whole and later regurgitated in small wads for thorough chewing.
Food is swallowed, but sits in the esophagus until regurgitated.
Food is swallowed, which means it goes through the oesophagus.
Food is sweet.
Food is symbolic of a large variety of things.
Food is synonymous with community in Protestant congregations.
Food is synthesized.
Food is taken at local restaurant or hotel.
Food is taken back to the nest to feed the larvae.
Food is taken by such lay people as a medicine which is necessary to cure the disease of hunger.
Food is taken care of.
Food is taken in a hurry in the kitchen, at a snack bar, or in the office.
Food is taken in at the mouth.
Food is taken in through the esophagus and stored in the first compartment called the rumen.
Food is taken in through the mouth and expelled through the anus.
Food is taken into the body through the mouth where the process of digestion begins.
Food is taken on board according to the astronauts wish list in dehydrated or even in natural form.
Food is taken through a mouth into the gastrovascular cavity .
Food is taken through a mouth into the gastrovascular cavity.
Food is taken up by the food vacuoles of Choanocytes.
Food is taken very seriously here, from the five-star restaurants right down to the hawker's booths.
Food is tasteless.
Food is tasty and attractively served.
Food is temperature checked on delivery, during storage and prior to service.
Food is temporary, but it is necessary.
Food is temporary.
Food is terrible and overpriced and service is slow.
Food is terrible.
Food is terrific and a real authentic Mexican delight.
Food is terrific.
Food is tested much like a drug to judge the potency of molecular therapy.
Food is texture, scent, the experience of consumption .
Food is the absolute beginning.
Food is the anchor of social events.
Food is the answer to everything.
Food is the answer.
Food is the best calcium source.
Food is the best example.
Food is the best medicine in the world.
Food is the best natural source of calcium.
Food is the best reinforcement because it is immediate gratification.
Food is the best source of nutrients for the body.
Food is the big winner.
Food is the biggest market and the amount of money spent on food is far more than anything else.
Food is the body's fuel but it's also much more than that.
Food is the body's fuel source.
Food is the body's source of fuel.
Food is the building block of our bodies.
Food is the cause of enjoyment.
Food is the centerpiece of most holiday celebrations.
Food is the chief formative force.
Food is the chief of all things, the universal medicine.
Food is the chief of all things.
Food is the commonest source of salmonella for humans.
Food is the cornerstone of life.
Food is the cornerstone of the ritual.
Food is the country's largest component of imports.
Food is the creator.
Food is the easiest requirement to fill.
Food is the easiest, most effective and least costly way to meet protein needs.
Food is the essential fuel that allow human bodies to function and dental health to be boosted.
Food is the farm's treasure, the toothsome manifestation of everyone's labor.
Food is the first thing that is offered.
Food is the focus of many social gatherings.
Food is the focus of much effort.
Food is the fuel for our bodies.
Food is the fuel for respiration.
Food is the fuel for the body.
Food is the fuel of people.
Food is the fuel that keeps our bodies running properly.
Food is the great leveler.
Food is the greatest motivator when training animals.
Food is the greatest single source of lead for the average adult.
Food is the greatest way to bring people together in conversation.
Food is the hub of Persian life and family life.
Food is the ideal source of nutrients.
Food is the incentive that keeps the proofreaders chipping away at the pile of information.
Food is the key to morale at the stations.
Food is the key, for tuna.
Food is the largest industry in China.
Food is the last thing people feel they can control.
Food is the least of the worries.
Food is the life for all, without it, no life for any.
Food is the main coping strategy.
Food is the main energy supply for growth, movement and repairing the body.
Food is the main event .
Food is the main source of the body's iron.
Food is the main thing.
Food is the major source of transmission in all studies.
Food is the means by which energy moves from one organism to another.
Food is the means of replenishing the alkaline to the body.
Food is the medicine for the disease of hunger.
Food is the most basic economic right.
Food is the most basic input to the body.
Food is the most basic issue in the larger sustainability debate.
Food is the most basic of human essentials.
Food is the most common reason for choking.
Food is the most common route of exposure.
Food is the most effective method of nutrient delivery.
Food is the most essential part of living for any living being's existence.
Food is the most expensive item.
Food is the most important and indispensable substance for maintaining our lives and good health.
Food is the most important item to pack.
Food is the most integral part of any party.
Food is the most intimate part of the environment because food is ingested.
Food is the most obvious example.
Food is the most potent of all drugs in our society.
Food is the most pressing problem at present.
Food is the most serious problem.
Food is the most under-recognized confluence of the personal and political.
Food is the natural way to sustain the life of the soul.
Food is the new mantra.
Food is the new weapon of mass destruction.
Food is the normal airline chow.
Food is the number one drug.
Food is the number one reason muskies invade the shallows.
Food is the one inescapable sacrament, even for apostates.
Food is the only industry indicating growth in employment during the month.
Food is the only optional cost.
Food is the other item that comes under constant attack.
Food is the other pet peeve.
Food is the perfect way to draw participants into an event.
Food is the primary motivator here.
Food is the primary necessity of life.
Food is the primary route of exposure.
Food is the responsibility of each student to acquire.
Food is the responsibility of each student.
Food is the second largest category in Canada's retail sector.
Food is the source of energy for living things.
Food is the source of energy used by people.
Food is the staple of many great fundraisers.
Food is the story.
Food is the stuff of quotidian habit, social taboo, and social ritual.
Food is the subject.
Food is the symbol around which the illness develops.
Food is the symptom for everything.
Food is the theme here.
Food is the tissue in bodies, and is the regulator of metabolic functions.
Food is the travelers third greatest expense.
Food is the ultimate defensive investment, because nobody can live without it.
Food is the ultimate driving force.
Food is the worst, help is rude.
Food is the worst.
Food is their medium, and the floor, walls and parents are their canvas.
Food is then available, if booked in advance.
Food is then prepared for feasting.
Food is there.
Food is therefore the root of any restaurant.
Food is thought to be the main reason sparrows live near humans.
Food is thrown around and the baby is dumped on top of another baby.
Food is thrown away while people go hungry.
Food is thrown everywhere.
Food is thrown in, the bigger and stronger ones eat and the weaker and smaller ones starve.
Food is thrown out while people on the same street go hungry.
Food is thus better when dieting, powder can be helpful when bulking.
Food is tied up in our personal histories and family events.
Food is to be brought in prepared.
Food is to be consumed only in the grassy areas of the pool facility.
Food is to be eaten in moderation.
Food is to be eaten in the dressing rooms.
Food is to be eaten to provide nutrients for the body to repair itself and grow well.
Food is to be eaten.
Food is to be enjoyed in sensible quantities and in a balanced way.
Food is to be enjoyed, and it's to bring people together.
Food is to be kept in tin or plastic containers to achieve maximum health and pest control.
Food is to be provided by the students.
Food is to be shared.
Food is to be taken for three days.
Food is too expensive.
Food is too high in fat.
Food is too important to be left to the free market.
Food is too precious to waste.
Food is too.
Food is torn, ground, and moistened in the mouth.
Food is traditional izakaya, but a bit heavy on the tempura.
Food is traditional Scottish fair including home-made bread, preserves, soups and deserts.
Food is transported downward to the roots by the phloem.
Food is transported in the cheek pouches and cached in the tunnel system for later consumption.
Food is transported into a muscular stomach, found roughly in the midpoint of the visceral mass.
Food is transported to the stomach by moving hairs, called cilia.
Food is trapped in mucus as the water passes over the cilia and through the pharyngeal slits.
Food is trapped in mucus as water moves it through.
Food is trapped on the fringes of the plates and scraped off with the tongue.
Food is treated everywhere with the greatest respect.
Food is treated like a medical prescription.
Food is turned into glucose but there is a problem with insulin production or use.
Food is turned into glucose or sugar for our bodies to use for energy.
Food is typically spicy and the real traditional Sichuan cuisine is found there.
Food is ubiquitous at Quark.
Food is undervalued in many countries because of market distortions.
Food is undoubtedly a high-light.
Food is uniformly good, well presented, and plentiful.
Food is unique as the menu reflects the season.
Food is unique but always tasty.
Food is unique.
Food is universal, transcending class, race and creed.
Food is universally lukewarm or cold, and much of it is surprisingly bland.
Food is unlimited.
Food is unprocurable.
Food is used as a comfort to hide or distance the person from painful feelings.
Food is used as a coping mechanism to deal with problems and negative feelings.
Food is used as a means of coping with psychological problems.
Food is used as a reward in our home.
Food is used as a way of communicating in families.
Food is used as a way of dealing with issues other than hunger.
Food is used as a way of numbing uncomfortable emotions and providing an illusion of self-control.
Food is used for eating.
Food is used for eats.
Food is used for energy.
Food is used for hunger.
Food is used for nourishment.
Food is used for pleasure.
Food is used for rewards or withheld as punishment.
Food is used in almost all cases to symbolize caring.
Food is used throughout the novel to represent want.
Food is used to blackmail against unwanted developments, or parts of the population.
Food is used to build the body, keep it in working order, and provide energy.
Food is used to fill emotional longings.
Food is usual party fare.
Food is usually a small pinch of sacred cornmeal or pollen.
Food is usually available.
Food is usually fish and amphibians and is usually obtained by fishing in groups.
Food is usually good, but the service of late has been spotty.
Food is usually in short supply at rescue missions, shelters, and other social service agencies.
Food is usually much better eaten than thought about.
Food is usually pretty good.
Food is usually scarce, and water is essential for any life form to exist.
Food is usually stir-fried and cut into small pieces.
Food is usually the same stuff but very tasty.
Food is usually well balanced, moderately and carefully spiced.
Food is varied, good, and reasonably priced.
Food is vegetarian, delicious and inexpensive and there is always plenty of it.
Food is vegetarian.
Food is very affordable.
Food is very Argentine.
Food is very average hamburgers and fries but it goes with the atmosphere.
Food is very cheap and very good.
Food is very cheap.
Food is very clean.
Food is very difficult to get.
Food is very expensive as most of it is imported.
Food is very expensive in Iceland.
Food is very expensive, especially in tourist areas.
Food is very expensive.
Food is very flavorful and inventive, if the portions are a bit stingy.
Food is very flavourful and generous portions.
Food is very fresh, no complaints.
Food is very good and the service is very good.
Food is very good compared to most chinese restaurants.
Food is very good for the money.
Food is very good, and reasonably priced.
Food is very good, tastefully prepared and presented.
Food is very good, with a sunny atmosphere.
Food is very good.
Food is very high quality.
Food is very important and rightfully so.
Food is very important in raising hogs.
Food is very important in Sindhi culture.
Food is very important to farmers here.
Food is very important when trying to lose weight.
Food is very important.
Food is very international.
Food is very much connected to spirituality in Judaism.
Food is very much part and parcel of the American Jewish experience.
Food is very much student refectory style.
Food is very reasonable.
Food is very scarce and inflation is sky rocketing.
Food is very scarce.
Food is vital for human life, promotes pleasure and prevents disease.
Food is vital to human existence.
Food is weighed and measured after cooking it.
Food is weighed in grams or kilograms.
Food is well prepared, tastes good and is better than home cooking.
Food is well presented and very good.
Food is well-prepared, attractive and delicious.
Food is what gives a person the energy to combat stress.
Food is what has kept numerous families happy and together - or sent as many drifting apart.
Food is what keeps our bodies nourished.
Food is what poor families scrimp and save on.
Food is wholesome and adventurous at the economy and at the more luxurious end of the market.
Food is wholesome and prepared for the general taste.
Food is with camping.
Food is withheld as a form of punishment in our home.
Food is withheld until vomiting has ceased.
Food is wonderful and reasonable, featuring appetizers, sandwiches, and gourmet pizzas.
Food is wonderful as is the atmosphere and view.
Food is wonderful, everyone is curious about the balloon trip etc.
Food is wonderful, facilities are great, staff are second to none.
Food is wonderful.
Food is worth it enough to sit alone.
Food is worth more than gold.
Food is worth talking about.
Food is wrapped and packaged to prevent contamination.
Food is yucky.
Food is Yugoslavian cuisine, hearty and spicy, perfect accompaniment to the beer.
Food is, after all, just stored sunshine.
Food is, after all, the most basic of needs.
Food is, of course, also high on our agenda.
Food is, of course, the other.
Food isa matter.
Food Keep food in a dark, dry, cool place.
Food Keep food simple.
Food Keep fresh water at all times.
Food Keep the food simple.
Food Keeping perishable foods at safe temperatures is just the beginning.
Food largely vegetable, some insects.
Food lasts longer.
Food leads to behaviour.
Food leads to dangerous behaviour.
Food leads to excretion.
Food leads to health.
Food leads to ill health.
Food leads to optimal health.
Food leaves the esophagus and enters the stomach.
Food leaving the stomach is governed by the pyloric sphincter.
Food left by relief helicopters on the main football field is said to have been looted.
Food Let's get creative on the menu planning.
Food lies in the stomach all day and is vomited at night.
Food lies like a heavy knot in stomach.
Food Links Out of the ordinary cooking and recipe links.
Food literally is like input or information for the body.
Food loads with nutrients.
Food lodges in pharynx.
Food Look for interactive labels that speak volumes about what's inside.
Food looks and tastes better.
Food looks best contrasting with dark finishes like gray or black.
Food looks better than it is.
Food Looks for food on the ground, eating weed and grass seeds.
Food made in the leaves is carried down to the rest of the plant in tubes called phloem.
Food made with beer, that is.
Food mainly consists of flying fish and wet taro.
Food mainly insects, esp.
Food Mainly insects.
Food makes children feel more comfortable and secure and takes away feelings of hunger.
Food makes everything better.
Food makes for happy students.
Food makes meals.
Food makes people feel good.
Food makes people happy.
Food makes up diets.
Food makes up vary diets.
Food marinates in only minutes instead of hours or overnight.
Food matches the atmosphere and the sake.
Food means different things to different people.
Food means nothing to a salmon in a river.
Food means something solid.
Food meets requirements.
Food migrates around the sides of the larynx and into the esophagus.
Food minimizes gastrointestinal upset, a low-fat meal is recommended.
Food mixed with radioisotope is swallowed and scans taken to detect the location of isotope.
Food mixes with saliva.
Food mixes with water.
Food moves along the digestive tract by peri- stalsis.
Food moves into esophagi.
Food moves into intestines.
Food moves into small intestines.
Food moves into stomachs.
Food moves through ascend colons.
Food moves through colons.
Food moves through esophagi.
Food moves through intestines.
Food moves through pharynxs.
Food moves through small intestines.
Food moves through stomachs.
Food moves through the esophagus by waves of muscle contractions called peristalsis.
Food moves through throats.
Food moves through valves.
Food moves to intestines.
Food moves to small intestines.
Food moves to stomachs.
Food naturally contains copper.
Food needing heating is placed in a forced air convection oven, a new feature for space flight.
Food needing rehydration is given hot or cold water in premeasured amounts.
Food needs a lot of oxygen to be digested.
Food needs change seasonally, but sagebrush leaves are consumed throughout the year.
Food needs for energy and the major nutrients are considered for the promotion of health.
Food needs for good health.
Food needs for growth.
Food needs for health.
Food needs for rapid growth.
Food needs for survival.
Food needs for the world.
Food needs heat to help it change.
Food needs naturally are ex- tremely variable both among species and within a species.
Food needs to be a sensual, life-affirming presence in our lives.
Food needs to be acquired.
Food needs to be available at all times and they, too, drink from sipper bottles.
Food needs to be cultured and available to the animal.
Food needs to be harvested for the winter months.
Food needs to be improved.
Food needs to be kept available at all times.
Food needs to be looked at from a different viewpoint than the food rules of the government.
Food needs to be looked at from a different viewpoint than what is promoted by national food guides.
Food needs to be planned in advance for items that cook as quickly as possible.
Food needs to be prepared, cooked and stored properly to ensure safety.
Food needs to be stored safely.
Food needs to be stored to avoid attracting bears and other wildlife.
Food needs to become a more neutral topic.
Food needs to diffuse into the cell and waste material needs to diffuse out of a cell.
Food neutralises the acid.
Food neutralizes stomach acid.
Food never hurts.
Food never tastes better than when cooked outside on a grill or cook stove.
Food never tastes better than when it s cooked to perfection over an open fire.
Food normally moves through our digestive tracts at a regular, steady pace.
Food normally works best for most hounds.
Food nourishes the soul as well as the body.
Food now accounts for more like one-sixth of the family budget.
Food now accounts for something closer to one-sixth of the family budget.
Food now is seen as a way to study history.
Food now sticks to the intestine wall.
Food occasionally causes asthma, especially in infants.
Food offers benefits.
Food offers choices.
Food offers comfort.
Food offers immigrants a way to maintain and pass along cultural traditions to the next generation.
Food offers other tantalizing metaphors.
Food offshore is tempting and tasty.
FOOD ONLY eat in a five star hotel.
Food only looks good to a hungry man.
Food ought to be really fun.
Food packaged for final distribution is exposed to a measured amount of intense radiant energy.
Food packages prices and serving are available upon request.
Food packaging alone accounts for one fifth of municipal solid waste.
Food pairing suggestion is with French onion soup.
Food pairing suggestions include steamed fish and fresh pan saut ed veggies.
Food particles proportional to their size are captured and eaten.
Food passes down the oesophagus into the rumen, where it sits and becomes mixed with microbes.
Food passes from mouths.
Food passes from pharynxs.
Food passes from the frog's mouth into the stomach by way of the esophagus.
Food passes from the gullet into food vacuoles, where digestion occurs.
Food passes from the stomach to the small intestine, then into the colon.
Food passes from the upper stomach into the small intestine.
Food passes into colons.
Food passes into intestines.
Food passes into large intestines.
Food passes into pharynxs.
Food passes into small intestines.
Food passes into stomachs.
Food passes into the fork leading to the stomach.
Food passes into the large intestine, colon, then to the rectum from which it is expelled as waste.
Food passes out of the stomach into the gut.
Food passes safely over the seal and into the esophagus.
Food passes through colons.
Food passes through esophagi.
Food passes through guts.
Food passes through intestines.
Food passes through large intestines.
Food passes through mouths.
Food passes through organs.
Food passes through pharynxs.
Food passes through small intestines.
Food passes through stomachs.
Food passes through the gullet, or esophagus, into the stomach.
Food passes through the pharynx on the way to the esophagus.
Food passes through the pylorus and into the duodenum where further digestion occurs.
Food passes through valves.
Food passes to esophagi.
Food pays for fines only.
Food pays such a crucial role in how our students perform in all their classes.
Food performs many functions within the body.
Food pick one Incredible.
Food plays a critical role in the overall psychological well-being of isolated crews.
Food plays a key role in our lifestyle.
Food plays a major role in holiday traditions.
Food plays a major role in most cultures.
Food plays a major role in the celebrations of summer, and rightly so.
Food plays a major role in the Tet celebration.
Food plays a major role.
Food plays a prominent role in the novel.
Food plays a role in many events and activities.
Food plays a vital role in our lives.
Food plays an active role in human society.
Food plays an important part as well.
Food plays an important part in meditation.
Food plays an important part in our lives.
Food plays an important role in all religion.
Food plays an important role in any gathering.
Food plays an important role in our health.
Food plays an important role in the development of a pure conscience.
Food plays an important role in the lives of all living things.
Food plays critical roles.
Food plays important roles.
Food plays key roles.
Food plays roles.
Food plays significant roles.
Food plays specific roles.
Food plays the most important role.
Food plays vital roles.
Food pleases and eases our souls.
Food preferences Food preferences of British nudibranchs.
Food preferences through gut content analysis and breeding condition are examples.
Food prepared by academy students is served at major events, both on campus and off.
Food presents a special challenge.
Food presents more of a problem.
Food presses against soft palate initiates swallowing reflex.
Food presses against soft palate-closes nasal raises larynx causing epiglottis to close glottis.
Food presses like a load on one spot.
Food prevents diseases.
Food produced by conventional agriculture is less vital and less able to promote health.
Food produced in Canada is higher in quality and consistency than ever before.
Food produced in the local community consumes less energy for transportation.
Food produces better results.
Food produces effects.
Food produces energy.
Food produces excess energy.
Food produces much energy.
Food produces much excess energy.
Food produces results.
Food produces same effects.
Food promotes dental health.
Food promotes development.
Food promotes good health.
Food promotes good nutrition.
Food promotes growth.
Food promotes hair growth.
Food promotes health.
Food promotes liver health.
Food promotes muscle growth.
Food promotes nutrition.
Food Provide a meal or snack at times when most people are accustomed to eating.
Food Provide a meal or snack at times when people are accustomed to eating.
Food provided by a local catering service provides healthy food items for sale.
Food provides a reason for gathering and sharing plans .
Food provides ability.
Food provides additional nutrients.
Food provides adequate nourishment.
Food provides alternatives.
Food Provides an idea of how much licquor to buy and of what type for a party.
Food provides an important link with individuals and communities in other parts of the world.
Food provides attraction.
Food provides balance nutrition.
Food provides benefits.
Food provides calories that help maintain body heat.
Food provides calories that maintain body heat.
Food provides calories.
Food provides chemicals.
Food provides convenient alternatives.
Food provides cows with protein, energy, vitamins, minerals, and bulk.
Food provides dental benefits.
Food provides diets.
Food provides empty calories.
Food provides energy and health.
Food provides energy and materials for growth and repair of body parts.
Food provides energy and nutrients for growth and development.
Food provides energy for growth.
Food provides energy in the form of chemical energy.
Food provides energy that binds the soul to the body in an integral unity.
Food provides energy.
Food provides energy.
Food provides enough calories.
Food provides enough energy.
Food provides essential nutrients.
Food provides every organism with the means to live.
Food provides fiber.
Food provides fuel sources.
Food provides fuel.
Food provides growth.
Food provides heal benefits.
Food provides health benefits.
Food provides important benefits.
Food provides important nutrients.
Food provides jobs at the base level for increasing numbers of young and old alike.
Food provides materials.
Food provides minerals.
Food provides molecules that serve as fuel and building material for all organisms.
Food provides nourishment and comfort.
Food provides nourishment.
Food provides numerous benefits.
Food provides nurturance and comfort.
Food provides nutrient molecules used as building blocks or for energy.
Food provides nutrients.
Food provides nutrition.
Food provides nutritious diets.
Food provides opportunity.
Food provides other nutrients.
Food provides oxygen for life.
Food provides plenty.
Food provides proteins.
Food provides raw materials for growth and repair.
Food provides raw materials.
Food provides skin color.
Food provides some of the programming opportunities that are the most fun - and the most involving.
Food provides sources.
Food provides sufficient nutrients.
Food provides the body with energy and heat.
Food provides the body with the materials it needs for energy , growth , repair , and reproduction .
Food provides the body with the materials it needs for energy,growth,repair, and reproduction.
Food provides the energy for life.
Food provides the energy needed to focus and pay attention.
Food provides the essential nutrients to help the body function properly.
Food provides the fuel and the building material for all organisms.
Food provides the greatest range of nutrients.
Food provides the raw material for energy, repair, and growth of tissues.
Food provides ultimate nutrition.
Food provides vitamins.
Food provides water for energy.
Food provides water.
Food pushes the sugar level up.
Food puts people at ease.
Food quickly becomes scarce, so some head for untapped sources farther away.
Food quickly sticks to it, grease burns and grooves in the pan make cleaning difficult.
Food raises blood glucose and blood fat levels.
Food ranges from bottom dwellers such as crabs to floating jellyfish.
Food ranges from burgers to gourmet dishes, with wonderful daily specials.
Food ranges from clever combinations to classic chops and seafood.
Food ranges from finger foods to a full meal.
Food ranges from Middle Eastern to pub grub.
Food Ranges from pasta to burgers to steak sandwiches to fish to salads.
Food ranges from salads to sandwiches, burgers to pizza and seafood of every kind.
Food ranges from sandwiches, chicken and flame broiled steaks to eight varieties of pizza.
Food ranges from scones to pastries to Scottish eggs.
Food ranges from sushi, tempura and teriyaki to corn dogs, hamburgers and ice cream.
Food rationing and long lines for goods are common in Belarus.
Food rationing did provide a somewhat more even distribution of what was available.
Food re- serves also include oil and fats.
Food reaches intestines.
Food reaches stomachs.
Food reaches the stomach through a tube called the esophagus that connects the mouth to the stomach.
Food really does taste better outdoors.
Food really is the way to reach people.
Food recalls after contamination or deterioration of food products.
Food recalls and safety alerts.
Food reduces absorption.
Food reduces maximum concentration.
Food reduces the rate and extent of absorption.
Food reduces the rate and extent of temozolomide absorption.
Food releases much more easily from a cooled pan.
Food remaining in carrels attracts insects that can damage library books and furniture.
Food remains a problem.
Food remains available for the first few weeks.
Food remains found in coprolites include mollusks, teeth, fish scales, and seeds.
Food remains from the stomachs consisted entirely of cephalopod beaks.
Food remains in the gut and passes posteriorly to be digested.
Food remains in the stomach for about four hours .
Food remains in the stomach, resulting in bloating, belching, nausea, early satiety and vomiting.
Food remains one of the most essential elements of life.
Food replaces relationships.
Food represents a culture's art.
Food represents another.
Food represents body weight and body image.
Food represents identity, situated in place and time.
Food represents nourishment and pleasure.
Food represents our most intimate link and essential connection to the land.
Food represents stored energy and storage begins at the level of the producers.
Food represents the central theme as main area of application for plastic packaging.
Food represents the largest antigenic challenge confronting the human immune system.
Food represents the primary source of exposure to the general population.
Food requires digestion.
Food requires energy.
Food requires for growth.
Food requires less earning power in America.
Food requires much energy.
Food requires preparation.
Food requires preservation.
Food requires refrigeration.
Food requiring no cooking or refrigeration is best.
Food restores too little later in the game, and gets replaced by health potions and healing magic.
Food results in growth.
Food retains the natural juices for the best flavor.
Food reviews international - Dekker.
Food rotates in and out of oil, so less oil is absorbed.
Food rub in few needle after proverbce cadillac brake upgrades.
Food rub in few needle after proverbce pontiac lighting.
Food s a fine thing, but too much of it, and the eater becomes fat, lazy and eaten.
Food s still the same.
Food seek past whatever information thus generates youth hockey gloves.
Food seemingly is everywhere.
Food seems more important.
Food seems the most practical both in terms of profit and ease of preparation.
Food seems to be a popular theme when it comes to New Year's traditions.
Food seems to be more expensive.
Food seems to be on our minds lately in Elementary.
Food seems to be the main problem when it comes to allergies.
Food seems to consist of diatoms, algae, amphipods, ostracods and gastropods, in that order.
Food seems to disappear at an alarming rate too.
Food seems to disappear at an alarming rate, too.
Food seems to disappear at an alarming rate.
Food seems to stick behind sternum.
Food seems to want to regurgitates.
Food Serve up cake and ice-cream in a Dog Bowl .
Food serves as a mere vehicle of disease transmission.
Food serves as energy sources.
Food serves as food sources.
Food serves as sources.
Food serves as water sources.
Food serves mainly for growth , energy and body repair , maintenance and protection .
Food serves mainly for growth, energy and body repair, maintenance and protection.
Food serving size is one of the keys to maintaining healthy weight.
Food shortens the illness and lessens fluid loss.
Food shows spotlight subtle innovations.
Food shows the highest culinary skills, evident in all areas of preparation and presentation.
Food significantly increases the absorption of saquinavir.
Food simply tastes better when eaten outdoors.
Food sits in our warehouse while people go hungry.
Food sits in the esophagus until it simply falls back out the mouth at some point.
Food sits there and goes bad.
Food sitting in the hot sun spoils quickly and can lead to food poisoning.
Food slowly enters the small intestine from the stomach .
Food slowly enters the small intestine from the stomach.
Food slows absorption .
Food slows absorption of alcohol into the bloodstream.
Food slows absorption of alcohol.
Food slows down the passage of alcohol from the stomach to the small intestine.
Food slows the absorbtion rate of alcohol, thereby decreasing the effects.
Food slows the process , diluting the alcohol and delaying gastric emptying while digestion occurs.
Food slows the process, diluting the alcohol and delaying gastric emptying while digestion occurs.
Food slows the rate at which alcohol is absorbed, lowering peak blood alcohol levels.
Food slows the rate that alcohol is absorbed by the body.
Food smells at the kitchen door.
Food smells can lure bears inside.
Food sold at the markets is comparable in price to foods sold in the supermarkets.
Food sold in supermarkets is, on the whole, comparatively cheaper than food sold in corner shops.
Food speaks to their souls.
Food spend above any cushion nor allow contraceptive use.
Food spills from containers during unloading.
Food spoils more quickly at warm temperatures.
Food spoils more quickly in the summer heat.
Food spoils more slowly in the refrigerator.
Food spoils quickly at high temperature.
Food spoils quickly in hot weather.
Food spoils quickly in the summer heat.
Food spoils rapidly in tropical conditions.
Food stand available on site.
Food stands and wildflower hikes available.
Food stands compete with their own arsenal of scents.
Food stands for snacks and drink are also available.
Food stands offering Caribbean specialties line the route.
Food stands, baked goods, plants, cattle and misc.
Food stands, music and entertainment are part of the family fun.
Food stands, music and folkloric dance exhibitions are all part of the festivities.
Food stands, private cabanas, lockers, dressing rooms.
Food starts in one of the area's main attractions.
Food stays at an ideal simmering temperature for hours.
Food stays at optimum simmering temperature and cooks in the usual amount of time.
Food stays cool for hours when ready to serve.
Food stays free of dust and flies.
Food stays fresh in the refrigerator.
Food stays in the stomach for about three hours .
Food stays in the stomach for about three hours.
Food stays in the stomach for around two to five hours.
Food stays in the stomach much longer than normal.
Food stays in the stomach three or four hours.
Food still tastes better.
Food stimulates cortisol secretion.
Food stimulates growth.
Food stimulates root growth.
Food stimulates secretion.
Food stops and following vehicle.
Food stored in boxes or cellophane bags are roach diners.
Food stored in dark, cool areas lasts longer.
Food stored in the cotyledons is broken down by enzymes and moved to the embryo.
Food stored in the open air is exposed to contamination by dust and flies.
Food stored in the roots is essential for regrowth.
Food stores in pantries.
Food stores in stomachs.
Food strengthens our body.
Food supplies American and international food suppliers.
Food supplies nutrients.
Food supplies the energy necessary for the growth and repair of living things.
Food supplies the substances that help regulate the body's processes.
Food supplies vitamins.
Food supports digestion.
Food supports growth.
Food supports health.
Food supports immune health.
Food supports nutrition.
Food supports urinary tract health.
Food sustains life, and the Eucharist sustains the life of the soul.
Food sustains life.
Food sustains the living, while sex insures the continuity of that living.
Food take-away is available.
Food taken at the other two meals of the day is to be less than a full meal.
Food taken by a ticket holder is to be consumed by that person only.
Food takes another chunk from the budget.
Food takes longer to digest in space.
Food takes more time to build up than wood or gold.
Food takes on a much more important role.
Food takes one of the biggest chunks out of most American families' budgets.
Food takes the role of the comforter.
Food takes twice as long to pass through the digestive system of women compared with that of men.
Food tastes awful and one has no desire to eat.
Food tastes better and seems fresher when it is grown locally and in season.
Food tastes better homemade than the cardboardy taste of microwave.
Food tastes better if it looks good to eat.
Food tastes better if it looks good, so food presentation on the plate is important.
Food tastes better in the City.
Food tastes better in the outdoors.
Food tastes better made with love.
Food tastes better when it is cooked and it tastes better when it is contains fat.
Food tastes better when it is messy.
Food tastes better when shared with a friend.
Food tastes better with family and friends.
Food tastes better with salt.
Food tastes better, and clothes and hair smell great.
Food tastes better.
Food tastes bitter or too salty.
Food tastes differently to each person.
Food tastes fresh without re-heating.
Food tastes good after hard work.
Food tastes good, and it's so available.
Food tastes good, looks good and smells good.
Food tastes good.
Food tastes great butt, tastes much better while wearing clothes.
Food tastes like ashes and sound is too harsh.
Food tastes like it never has before.
Food tastes like sofas.
Food tastes much more bland in space . . .
Food tastes pretty good there too.
Food tastes so good.
Food tastes so much better after a long day, and even better when someone else cooks it.
Food tastes so much better with shoyu.
Food tastes sour .
Food tastes the best when freshly cooked.
Food tastes too salty.
Food tends to accumulate in the affected side of the mouth.
Food tends to get spilled on the floor and into keyboards.
Food tends to pack in the colon, increasing the bacteria, and the process of colon cancer begins.
Food tends to sit around the house during the holidays.
Food tests positive for mycotoxins.
Food then becomes the addiction, taking the place of the alcohol or other drugs.
Food then enters the stomach and eventually passes down in the intestines where it is digested.
Food then leaves the stomach in the normal fashion after passing out of the upper pouch.
Food then moves to the small intestine, where enzymes from the pancreas start the digestion process.
Food then moves to the stomach when the lower esophageal sphincter opens.
Food then passes down the esophagus to the stomach.
Food then passes through the esophagus to be digested in the stomach.
Food then passes through the intestine where simple sugars are reabsorbed.
Food then reaches the stomach through the pharynx and esophagus.
Food then slips down the tube at the back leading to the stomach.
Food there is hotter, spicier and saltier.
Food Throw out fresh and pantry-type foods that have touched floodwater or water from broken pipes.
Food Throw out fresh or frozen food that has come into contact with flood water.
FOOD Throw out fresh or frozen food that has come into contact with flood water.
Food thus becomes an agency for subtle influences on our consciousness.
Food thus becomes and agency for subtle influences on our consciousness.
Food thus moves into the pharynx and onwards by peristalsis aided by gravity.
Food touched by cockroaches or rats is undesirable.
Food touches every life, every day.
Food travels down the alimentary canal, into several organs that digest certain organic molecules.
Food travels down the esophagus and into the stomach .
Food travels downward in stems.
Food travels in the living phloem tissue just under the bark.
Food travels through the intestine in segments.
Food travels through the pharynx on the way to the esophagus and stomach.
Food tries hard, but people are there for the people.
Food triggers allergic reaction.
Food triggers inflammatory responses.
Food triggers migraines.
Food triggers reaction.
Food triggers responses.
Food try Screen between comfort beyond many wolfpack jerseys indeed contain toward the room.
Food Try to make sure there is always food and drink available.
Food turns into fat.
Food turns into nutrients.
Food turns into usable nutrients.
Food typically consist of a wide array of living and dead plant and animal matter.
Food used for medicinal purposes has no calories, eg. hot chocolate, brandy, toast, ice cream.
Food used for medicinal purposes is ok.
Food uses Elderberries are used to make wine, jam and pie.
Food uses for ancient wheats.
Food uses grain products.
Food uses inferior products.
Food uses products.
Food uses sunlight.
Food uses water.
Food varies by location.
Food varies greatly on college campuses - anything from survival quality to gourmet chef model.
Food varies widely, but there are commonalities across regions.
Food wants to be free.
Food wastes, as from a kitchen.
Food When looking for a good ferret food, check the back for the ingredients.
Food wins out and attendance is sparse.
Food works for many Deerhounds.
Food writing all too often consists of pretty pictures and detailed recipes.
Food yielding animals Animals are reared for milk, eggs and meat.
Food's a funny thing.
Foods abound in natural chemicals that are toxic or potentially toxic.
Foods absorb more of the oil when it s cool.
Foods act as molecular switches, often changing the eigenstate abruptly.
Foods advertised with fat-free claims based on weight still can be relatively high in fat.
Foods affect the mind and body.
Foods affected by alchemical oils include cakes and pies.
Foods allow the expression of disease and foods can assist the body in the attack of disease.
Foods also blame as a cause of phosphate accumulation.
Foods also can provoke allergic reactions.
Foods also contain difference forms of carbohydrate, such as lactose, maltose, sucrose and fructose.
Foods also contain other components such as fiber that are important for health.
Foods also contain simple yeasts, molds, and bacteria, all of which can cause deterioration.
Foods also have energies capable of generating the sensations in the body upon consumption.
Foods also have specific healing qualities.
Foods appear to play an important provocative role in many patients with atopic eczema.
Foods are a mixture of fats.
Foods are absorbed and assimilated into living proto- plasm.
Foods are also available in case quantities.
Foods are also different.
Foods are also prepared and packaged for many different storage situations.
Foods are also subject to destruction by nearly every variable in the natural environment.
Foods are as important as medicilne whlich are required to be tested.
Foods are attractive, and taste good.
Foods are available in case quantities.
Foods are complex tissues with a large number of different molecular species.
Foods are complex, heterogeneous biological materials.
Foods are composed chiefly of carbohydrates , fats , proteins , water , vitamins , and minerals .
Foods are domestic unless noted.
Foods are good too, and the beaches are beautiful.
Foods are healthiest as close to nature and as unprocessed as possible.
Foods are hearty and varied and incorporate some traditional fare.
Foods are in single serving portions, when possible.
Foods are known to alter the epigenetics of rats on different diets.
Foods are much greater than the sum of their parts.
Foods are necessarily multivariate.
Foods are no longer reliable mineral sources.
Foods are of two types, acid or alkaline.
Foods are one of pleasure for everyone.
Foods are our best source of dietary fiber.
Foods are processed soon after they are harvested, while at their peak.
Foods are recommended based on their properties such as temperature and nature.
Foods are regularly taste-tested, to meet the highest standards of taste and quality.
Foods are rendered soluble and diffusible during the proc- ess of digestion.
Foods are safe indefinitely while frozen.
Foods are safe up to one week after the sell by date.
Foods are sour because they contain acids, bitter because they contain alkaloids, etc.
Foods are still the best source of nutrients.
Foods are the best source of vitamins.
Foods are the best way to get the daily vitamin requirements.
Foods are the energy that is needed to fuel the chemical and physical functions of the body.
Foods are the foundation of health and happiness.
Foods are the most common trigger in children and young adults .
Foods are the most common trigger in children and young adults.
Foods are the preferred source of calcium.
Foods are the right consistency for infants and come in small portions.
Foods are typically cream filled.
Foods are usually cheap.
Foods are whole, incorporating no sugary junk foods or convenience foods.
Foods become more flavorful and satisfying.
Foods begin to loose their nutrients as soon as they are plucked from the garden.
Foods beverages healthy.
Foods can also act as an immune system stimulant and thus act as a preventative aid.
Foods can also be saut ed in water, broth or juice.
Foods can also cause illness if they contain a toxin or poison produced by bacteria growing in food.
Foods can also fight pain.
Foods can also have an effect on how a drug is used by the body.
Foods can also pick up small amounts of nickel from cooking utensils.
Foods can be a great way to introduce diversity.
Foods can be symbols which lead the mind to spiritual thinking.
Foods can cause wide range of adverse reactions in the human body from head to toe.
Foods can change the actual composition of the breast and make breasts more resistant to cancer.
Foods can cook in their own natural juices, so that vitamins and minerals are retained.
Foods can develop an off odor, flavor or appearance due to spoilage bacteria.
Foods can develop off odors, flavor or appearance due to spoilage bacteria.
Foods can do the same things.
Foods can have a symbolic value.
Foods can include fruit, cookies, chips, etc.
Foods can influence the way in which drugs are absorbed by the body.
Foods can make a big difference in preventing gallstone.
Foods can spoil if canners are improperly exhausted or if canners are cooled too quickly with water.
Foods can strongly influence sex hormones, including testosterone.
Foods can trigger acute asthma attacks.
Foods come in a variety of textures, temperatures, flavors and combinations.
Foods commonly associated with hives include nuts, tomatoes, shellfish and berries.
Foods commonly eaten include rice, vegetables, fruit, mutton, and a flat, round bread called nan.
Foods commonly involved include ham, poultry, filled pastries, custard, egg salad and potato salad.
Foods concentrated in sugars provide calories but few nutrients.
Foods consist principally of bacteria and other small protozoa.
Foods consumed later at night have a greater tendency to be stored as fat for two reasons.
Foods contain chemical preservatives, coloring and flavoring agents.
Foods contain combinations of nutrients and other healthful substances.
Foods contain different amount and type of fiber.
Foods contain different amounts of protein.
Foods contain different types of fat, which have different effect on blood cholesterol levels.
Foods contain different types of fat.
Foods contain enzymes that cause ripening.
Foods contain many components which work together synergistically to provide optimum health.
Foods contain many natural chemicals that can stimulate the heme biosynthetic pathway.
Foods contain nutrients that provide people with necessary energy and essential nutrients.
Foods contain other important nutrients, some of which promote calcium absorption.
Foods contain substances other than vitamins and minerals for good health.
Foods contain vitamins, minerals, dietary fiber and other substances that benefit health.
Foods contain, along with vitamins and minerals, needed fiber, protein, carbohydrates, and fat.
Foods containing compounds called purines increase the production of uric acid in the body.
Foods containing dietary fiber include fruits, vegetables, nuts and grains.
Foods containing essential fatty acids, such as seeds, legumes, and oily fish, are also good.
Foods containing fiber are good sources of other essential nutrients.
Foods containing fiber are good sources of other nutrients and are relatively low in calories.
Foods containing fiber usually contain both types, but in different amounts.
Foods containing folate are important for women of child bearing age.
Foods containing folate include citrus fruits, tomatoes, green leafy vegetables and grains.
Foods containing heme iron are the best for increasing or maintaining healthy iron levels.
Foods containing high amounts of sugar often make the symptoms worse.
Foods containing higher concentrations of vital nutrients promote vitality and well-being.
Foods containing legal levels of pesticides are generally safe.
Foods containing lower levels of saturated fat include fish, poultry, dried beans and peas.
Foods containing riboflavin include yogurt, eggs, meat, poultry, fish, kidney and liver.
Foods containing significant amounts of EFAs include common vegetable oils.
Foods containing starch and protein are necessary to help prevent another reaction.
Foods containing vitamin B complex, antioxidants like vitamin A, C, E are good for asthmatics.
Foods containing vitamin C strengthen the immune system.
Foods contaminated with microorganisms are the cause of foodborne illness.
Foods contaminated with microorganisms are the cause of food-borne illnesses.
Foods continue to be tested when they are taken from the fields and from the grocery market basket.
Foods continues to look for ways to cut costs with out sacrificing quality.
Foods contribute virtually all of the copper consumed by humans.
Foods cook differently in microwaves than by conventional heat.
Foods cook in a fraction of the time required by conventional cooking.
Foods cook more evenly in an oven.
Foods cook more quickly and efficiently when air can circulate freely.
Foods cook more quickly and more efficiently in ovens when air can circulate freely.
Foods cooked in a microwave require higher temperatures for thorough, safe cooking.
Foods cooked in gas infrared ovens retain all natural moisture and flavor.
Foods cooked in oil are traditional particularly potato pancakes, called latkes.
Foods cooked in oil are traditional, particularly potato pancakes, called latkes .
Foods cooked in oil are traditional, particularly potato pancakes, called latkes.
Foods covered by the action include rolled oats, oat bran, and whole-oat flour.
Foods covered include rolled oats, oat bran, and whole-oat flour.
Foods define many holiday traditions.
Foods differ in the amount and type of dietary fiber.
Foods differ in the kinds of fiber they contain.
Foods don t burn or melt fat away.
Foods don t have to go directly from the grill to the plate, either.
Foods fall into several categories which have their own guidelines for kashrut.
Foods fom the Mediterranean including regions of Armenia, Turkey, Greece, and Italy.
Foods freely flow from the rumen to the reticulum and back.
Foods greatly affect and influence the brain's behavior.
Foods greatly influence the brain's behavior.
Foods grown in Colorado are deficient in iodine so always buy iodized salt.
Foods grown underground, as well as seafood and dried fruits, raises body temperature.
Foods have a finite life during which their nutritional content remains high.
Foods have a wonderful flavor from the natural charcoal.
Foods have different nutritional values, but there are no forbidden foods.
Foods have incredibly sophisticated powers, like well-designed pharmaceuticals.
Foods have indispensable life giving properties, and many well-recognized deficiency diseases exist.
Foods have little effect on blood glucose in people without diabetes.
Foods have several characteristics that can be evaluated in sensory tests.
Foods have their own natural-occurring sodium, some more than others.
Foods have to be reintroduced one at a time, with a space between in which symptoms can be observed.
Foods have to say.
Foods heat differently because they have different thermal properties.
Foods heat unevenly when cooked in the microwave versus a conventional oven.
Foods Highly spiced foods are the hallmark of Jamaican cuisine.
Foods hold symbolic meanings.
Foods imported into the United States are subject to the same safety standards as domestic products.
Foods including cholesterol only increase volume in the body.
Foods inside can therefore reach a higher temperature and cook faster.
Foods is a food distributor to institutions, caterers, and food banks.
Foods is a year long class which meets five times a week.
Foods is committed to being an environmentally responsible corporate citizen.
Foods just seem a lot blander than they did a few years ago.
Foods listed require a little preparation.
Foods Look at the different types of food they eat there.
Foods lose less moisture and retain nutrients.
Foods lose their antioxidant powers when they are processed and cooked.
Foods lose their healthiness when a person adds unhealthy food choices.
Foods made from flour, such as crackers and bread, are also starchy foods.
Foods made from soy products, grains, nuts, and other plant foods are good sources of protein.
Foods made with marijuana extract offer a less costly, more efficient way to use marijuana.
Foods make up the majority of the packaged consumer commodities inspected for accurate net contents.
Foods manufactured by pet food manufacturers are also highly nutritious.
Foods migrate, and so do spiritual teachings.
Foods naturally contain zinc but vary greatly in their zinc content.
Foods now come cleaned and packed.
Foods packaged in non-metal containers often have a shorter storage life and are date marked.
Foods play an important part in the celebrations and for many in the islands of the South Pacific.
Foods play an important role in balancing or pacifying a dosha imbalance.
Foods preferred by opossums are animal matter, mainly insects or carrion.
Foods prepared are salads, meats, poultry, fish, soups, sandwiches, vegetables, breads and desserts.
Foods preserved with antioxidants include vegetable oils, bread, and cheese.
Foods prevent impotence by improving vascular conditions and blood circulation.
Foods printed in italic type are good sources of calcium.
Foods processed by irradiation are safer to eat and have a longer shelf life.
Foods provide both soluble and insoluble fiber.
Foods range from rich French dishes to simple local cuisine.
Foods reflect student tastes with the menu system based on the format concept rather than an entree.
Foods release easily from the surface and each piece is therefore easier to keep clean.
Foods release easily with little or no oil.
Foods reviewed include baby food, cereals, frozen dinners, meat alternatives, snack foods and more.
Foods seem to play a part in severe chronic disorders which have no recognized aetiology.
Foods seem to trigger attacks as well.
Foods share the red with other parts of nature.
Foods sold in most stores are geneticaly altered,untested and unsafe.
Foods sometime play a role.
Foods stay fresh longer.
Foods stay moist, juicy, and nicely browned, too.
Foods stored in dark, cool areas lasts longer.
Foods stored in the door can change temperature when the refrigerator is opened.
Foods symbolizing the escape from Egypt are among the dishes served.
Foods take different times to cook depending upon the setting used.
Foods take different times to cook, depending upon the setting used.
Foods take longer to cook when there is smog or haze.
Foods taste different to some patients.
Foods tend to be rather bland by most Asian and many western standards.
Foods tend to make the irritation of the bowels worse and cause further water loss.
Foods tend to pass through the intestinal tract without being digested.
Foods used for medicinal purpose have no calories.
Foods used for medicinal purposes have no calories.
Foods used for medicinal purposes never count.
Foods vary according to the region if France.
Foods vary by region.
Foods vary depending on what is available.
Foods vary depending upon availability.
Foods vary in the type and components of fiber that they contain.
Foods vary in their ability to enhance or inhibit calcium absorption.
Foods vary weekly.
Foods vary widely in fat content.
Foods vary widely in their calcium content.
Foods weigh differently depending if they are raw or cooked.
Food always adds to the fun.
Food always requires rehearsal.
Food always tastes better outdoors.
Food always tastes better when cooked outdoors.
Food often becomes the only common language children have with grandparents.
Food often depends on the individual mouse's tastes.
Food often falls out of the mouth because of the position of the head.
Food often falls out of the mouth.
Food often gets lodged in the cheek.
Food often has a symbolic significance.
Food often has sugar added to it.
Food often is served in large communal bowls and eaten with spoons.
Food often seems to be somewhere on New Year's resolution lists.
Food often tastes too salty.
Foods often change color during cooking.
Foods often come in plastic and other non-biodegradable packaging, threatening the environment.
Foods often hold healing powers more powerful than any drug.
Food sometimes comes to the table tepid.
Food sometimes is cached.
Foods sometimes taste more bitter to children than adults.
Food usually consists of a piece of raw shrimp about the size of the anemone's mouth.
Food usually contains enough selenium to prevent disease caused by shortages.
Food usually contains enough sodium salts to supply our needs, and added salt tends to be surplus.
Food usually contains mixtures of different types of fat.
Food Usually feeds on the ground.
Food usually loses.
Food usually remains in the stomach for three to four hours.
Food usually suffices.
Food usually works.
All food arrives beautifully presented, with serving utensils.
All food becomes non-nutrient food regardless of it's nutritional merits.
All food can be good in moderation, but all food can be bad if used in excess.
All food comes from plants.
All food comes from wild and domesticated s and animals.
All food consists of six nutrients or nourishing substances.
All food contains bacteria.
All food contains both artificial and natural poisons.
All food depends on water.
All food derives frome some thing elses death.
All food deteriorates during commercial food processing and during storage.
All food disagrees.
All food distresses stomach.
All food drive food remains in the county in which it is collected.
All food goes to members.
All food has a history, some very brief, most having evolved over centuries.
All food has meaning.
All food has physical, chemical and sensory properties.
All food has to be labeled according to a well defined standard.
All food has to be small enough for the penguins to swallow whole.
All food has to be sucked through a straw.
All food including sauces and fillings for spring rolls is prepared at the restaurant.
All food is available for eat in or take out.
All food is available for takeout.
All food is available for take-out.
All food is available to go.
All food is available to take-away and a full outside catering service is available.
All food is baked fresh on the premises.
All food is bought in bulk from wholesale distributers.
All food is brought in.
All food is captured in the area near their burrows.
All food is clean, but it is wrong for a man to eat anything that causes someone else to stumble.
All food is completely free of preservatives.
All food is considered public unless marked private stock.
All food is cooked in small batches and placed on the lines.
All food is cooked to order and delicious.
All food is cooked using the finest vegetable oil.
All food is covered.
All food is distributed free to member agencies of the food bank network.
All food is donated by sponsors.
ALL food is extra.
All food is first rate.
All food is fresh and of top quality.
All food is fresh, and the extensive menu offers something for everyone.
All food is fresh, organic and home made.
All food is freshly prepared and careful attention is given to special diet requirements.
All food is freshly prepared and cooked on the premises.
All food is freshly prepared drawing on the area's natural produce, with emphasis on seafood.
All food is freshly prepared on our outdoor grill.
All food is freshly prepared on our outdoor grills.
All food is freshly prepared on premises with meals served by our staff.
All food is freshly prepared on site and of the highest quality.
All food is freshly prepared using as much local produce as possible.
All food is freshly prepared using local ingredients wherever possible.
All food is given a point value.
All food is good.
All food is grilled or blackened.
All food is homemade and individually prepared.
All food is homemade with care, and freshness is always maintained.
All food is homemade.
All food is hot when it needs to be hot and cold when it needs to be cold.
All food is hygienically prepared, and boiled filtered water is available.
All food is included except three meals.
All food is included in our boarding rates.
All food is included in the basic price .
All food is included in the course cost, from lunch the first day through lunch the last day.
All food is included in the price.
All food is included in the tour.
All food is included on the day including breakfast before the big yak starts.
All food is included.
All food is kosher and the services incorporates student assistants to the rabbi.
All food is life.
All food is made fresh to order and everything is oven baked.
All food is made fresh to order and is sold at everyday low prices.
All food is made fresh, including the bread, which is baked on location.
All food is made from scratch on premises.
All food is made from scratch.
All food is made when ordered and is abundant and of high quality.
All food is marked up, but still less than double.
All food is microwaveable.
All food is more expensive than at home.
All food is permissible until it is proven otherwise.
All food is precooked and processed so it requires no refrigeration.
All food is prepared and served by evacuees.
All food is prepared and served by faculty and staff members.
All food is prepared at our kitchen.
All food is prepared by a professional staff for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late-evening snacks.
All food is prepared by our boatmen, who have mastered the art of dutch-oven cooking.
All food is prepared daily without chemicals, preservatives or lard.
All food is prepared following safe guidelines and rules.
All food is prepared fresh daily featuring breads, soups, salads, assorted entrees and desserts.
All food is prepared fresh daily, with no additives, and sauces are made from scratch each morning.
All food is prepared fresh daily.
All food is prepared fresh each day.
All food is prepared fresh in camp and cooked in Dutch Ovens and over the campfire.
All food is prepared fresh, from scratch, daily in our own kithcen.
All food is prepared from scratch.
All food is prepared from the finest ingredients.
All food is prepared from the finest, freshest ingredients.
All food is prepared in a modern kitchen under the best possible hygienic conditions.
All food is prepared in camp.
All food is prepared in our galley, and our menus change daily.
All food is prepared in our health department inspected kitchen and served by our trained staff.
All food is prepared in the modern kitchen by licensed cooks.
All food is prepared in the on-site commercial kitchen.
All food is prepared on board by a private chef.
All food is prepared on our premises by our trained staff.
All food is prepared on premise with a variety of packages available.
All food is prepared on premises and cooked on a rotisserie or in the oven.
All food is prepared on site and catering is also available.
All food is prepared on site in our mobile kitchen.
All food is prepared onboard in our specially designed kitchen car.
All food is prepared on-site.
All food is prepared outside on camp stoves using safe and sanitary practices.
All food is prepared to order.
All food is prepared well and prices are very reasonable.
All food is prepared with conscious intent for health.
All food is prepared.
All food is provided and is vegetarian.
All food is provided by local civic organizations.
All food is provided for the patient, and main carer.
All food is provided in generous quantities and of a home-cooked standard.
All food is provided on the trail.
All food is provided, and the evening meal is catered.
All food is provided.
All food is purchased directly from manufacturers and wholesalers, just like the supermarkets.
All food is put on a common table.
All food is rationed.
All food is served based on the number of guests.
All food is served family style by women who are usually in a hurry.
All food is served in the main bar area, thus retaining the essential character of the inn.
All food is served strictly from the counter.
All food is served until closing.
All food is shipped in from the mainland.
All food is sorted by product i.e. canned soup, canned vegetables, peanut butter, crackers, etc.
All food is stored in the church pantry.
All food is swallowed even though they have teeth.
All food is taken in aquatic and wetland habitats.
All food is to be consumed in the dining hall.
All food is to be consumed IN the dining room.
All food is to be consumed within the confines of the cafeteria.
All food is to be eaten at assigned tables.
All food is to be eaten in the cafeteria.
All food is to be eaten in the dining hall.
All food is to be eaten in the lunchroom.
All food is to be eaten only in the cafeteria, outside tables, and in other designated areas.
All food is totally plant-based.
ALL food is ultimately toxic due to wear and tear on the metabolism.
All food is vegan.
All food is very cheap and most dishes are served with rice.
All food is washed and prepared using bottled purified drinking water.
All food is washed and prepared using purified water.
All food is washed in purified water.
All food is welcome, especially the take away.
All food needs including salt, pepper, coffee, etc.
All food plays a role in nutritional health.
All food purchases subject to applicable state sales tax.
All food turns to gas.
All food vending operations are subject to unannounced inspections.
All foods are acceptable as long as they are in the proper consistency.
All foods are allowable in moderation.
All foods are available for take-out.
All foods are available for takeout.
All foods are available in one pound packages unless otherwise noted.
All foods are deliciously prepared on the premises to ensure variety, freshness and wholesomeness.
All foods are freshly prepared onboard, addressing dietary requests and restrictions of our guests.
All foods are good.
All foods are handmade and offer overnight shipping.
All foods are high quality nutritional foods low in fat and sugar.
All foods are organic, whenever possible, and homemade.
All foods are prepared fresh to order and the chef welcomes any requests on special diet needs.
All foods are subject to deterioartion as time passes.
All foods are to be eaten plain.
All foods are vegan, and made without refined sugar, salt, or artificial ingredients.
All foods assume a uniform taste, texture, and color when freeze-dried.
All foods can and do fit into a healthy meal plan keeping in mind balance, variety, and moderation.
All foods can be part of a healthy diet.
All foods can be part of a healthy eating style when consumed in moderation.
All foods can be part of healthy eating, in moderation.
All foods can be part of healthy eating.
All foods can fit in a healthful diet by addressing how much and how often foods are eaten.
All foods can fit in a healthy eating plan.
All foods can fit into a balanced diet.
All foods can fit into a balanced nutrition plan, as long as moderation principles are used.
All foods can fit into a healthful diet.
All foods can fit into a healthful eating pattern.
All foods can fit into a healthful eating plan, including lean cuts of red meat.
All foods can fit into a healthy diet.
All foods can fit into a healthy eating style.
All foods can fit into a healthy lifestyle with a little planning.
All foods can fit into a heart healthy diet when consumed in moderation.
All foods can fit into the pyramid.
All foods can fit.
All Foods Can Fit.
All foods can work for breakfast.
All foods come packed in ice, no charge.
All foods coming directly from nature come equipped with the proper enzymes to break itself down.
All foods contain calories, of course.
All foods contain calories.
All foods contain data for calories, fat, protein and carbohydrate.
All foods contain microorganisms, the major cause of food spoilage.
All foods contain non-nutrient molecules that can cause dysfunction and disease.
All foods contain phosphorus, but some have more than others.
All foods contain some water, but some are surprisingly good sources.
All foods contain water.
All foods create waste products within our cells and tissues after metabolizing.
All foods feed candida, especially sugars and starches.
All foods fit into a healthful eating plan.
All foods fit into a healthy diet.
All foods fit on a balanced weight control plan, but proper portions are paramount.
All foods have a different effect on each and every individual.
All foods have energy levels.
All foods have fat.
All foods have other nutrients in addition to protein, of course.
All foods have their pros and cons and peanut butter is no exception.
All foods judging is open.
All foods lose their vitamin potency when heated or exposed to light.
All foods naturally contain small amounts of bacteria.
All foods provide energy and a mixture of nutrients.
All foods provide energy.
All foods provide nutrients, but in different amounts.
All foods require incoming quality control and careful sanitation.
All foods take one third the conventional time.
Any food bearing a hekhsher is kosher.
Any food can be comfort food at the right place and time.
Any food can be subject to microbial attack.
Any food can be the offender.
Any food can cause allergic arthritis.
Any food can cause allergy.
Any food can cause an allergic reaction, but only eight foods cause nine out of ten reactions.
Any food can fit into a healthful diet.
Any food can fit into a healthy diet.
Any food can fit into a healthy way of eating.
Any food can harbor bad bacteria and make a person sick.
Any food can invoke such a reaction.
Any food draws wildlife, including bears.
Any food eaten in excess of energy required can contribute to weight gain.
Any food irradiated as such or containing irradiated food ingredients has to be labelled.
Any food is scraped off of perches, and the floor around each cage is swept up.
Any food is the body of a plant or of an animal, fish, fowl, or game.
Any food made from wheat, rice, oats, cornmeal, barley or another cereal grain is a grain product.
Any food raises sthe blood sugar level.
Any foods can cause allergies, even healthy ones like apples and pears.
Any foods can trigger rhinitis, just as they can asthma.
Every food can fit into a varied, moderate and balanced diet.
Every food causes cancer.
Every food contains water.
Every food fits into a healthy, long-term weight loss and maintenance plan.
Every food has a heat labile point.
Every food has a point value.
Every food has a point.
Every food has a temperature and a quality.
Every food has an effect on the body's metabolic temperature.
Every food has an energetic temperature and acts on the body accordingly.
Every food has to be fat-free.
Every food is different.
Every food is okay in moderation.
Many foods also supply cholesterol to the body.
Many foods also turn toxic when exposed to heat.
Many foods are a good source.
Many foods are a little darker in color, more fragrant, and sweeter in taste.
Many foods are attractive to carpenter ants, including honey or another type of sweet food.
Many foods are attractive to carpenter ants, including honey or other sweet foods.
Many foods are available for ulcer patients who want low-fat healthy diets.
Many foods are available that are both nourishing and relatively inexpensive.
Many foods are available year-round, including pecans.
Many foods are calcium-rich.
Many foods are commercially available items that are specially packaged for space use.
Many foods are good sources of nutrients.
Many foods are good sources of several nutrients.
Many foods are great sources of potassium, including many fruits and vegetables, and milk.
Many foods are high in calories yet nutrient difficient.
Many foods are high in cholesterol.
Many foods are high in fat and low in fibre.
Many foods are low fat food.
Many foods are natural therapies for certain illnesses.
Many foods are now fortified with calcium, so consuming higher amounts is somewhat easier.
Many foods are now fortified with extra vitamins.
Many foods are rich in iron, but many whole plant foods are especially good sources.
Many foods are rich in iron, but many whole plant foods are especially goods sources.
Many foods are rich in magnesium.
Many foods are susceptible to a wide variety of molds.
Many foods are susceptible to infestation or foreign pests.
Many foods are the same and it is usually easy to substitute similar items found locally.
Many foods can also cause allergic reactions.
Many foods can provide the electrolyte needed to make a battery.
Many foods can trigger anaphylaxis , even when the food is eaten for the first time .
Many foods can trigger anaphylaxis, even when the food is eaten for the first time.
Many foods come from Washington.
Many foods contain a combination of insoluble and soluble fiber.
Many foods contain a mix of compounds that change color.
Many foods contain a surprising amount of water, especially fruits.
Many foods contain animal by-products.
Many foods contain both saturated and unsaturated fats.
Many foods contain calcium but dairy products are the most significant source.
Many foods contain calcium, but milk and dairy products are the most significant sources.
Many foods contain carbohydrates, but their water, fiber and nutrient contents differ greatly.
Many foods contain chemicals that have been added during processing.
Many foods contain goitrogens.
Many foods contain health- protective constituents.
Many foods contain high levels, but it is also important to drink sufficient water on a daily basis.
Many foods contain ingredients derived from the slaughter of animals.
Many foods contain milk products.
Many foods contain oxalates and phytates.
Many foods contain potassium, but some have more than others.
Many foods contain salt.
Many foods contain small amounts of choline , even iceberg lettuce .
Many foods contain small amounts of choline, even iceberg lettuce.
Many foods contain soluble and insoluble fiber.
Many foods contain some aspect that stimulates the fibers of our systems for detecting pain.
Many foods contain soybean oil.
Many foods contain thiamine, but few supply it in concentrated amounts.
Many foods contain unnatural preservatives, coloring, sugar, and salt.
Many foods contain vanilla flavor.
Many foods contain water.
Many foods depend on additives for safety, stability or preservation.
Many foods fall in and out of favor as health trends come and go.
Many foods get smelly and mushy or slimy.
Many foods give natural protection against disease.
Many foods have a beneficial effect in maintaining the intestinal environment.
Many foods have a natural sodium content.
Many foods have artificial flavorings and colorings.
Many foods have dates stamped on their packages.
Many foods have labels claiming they provide health benefits beyond basic nutrition.
Many foods have lignans including sesame seeds.
Many foods have protein, but some certainly have more than others.
Many foods have significance in the Arab cultural pattern.
Many foods have similar nutrients.
Many foods have symbolic value.
Many foods leave Paraguay unprocessed.
Many foods lend themselves to collages, fingerpainting, dyes, prints, etc.
Many foods naturally carry much higher levels than are found in irradiated foods.
Many foods naturally contain fats.
Many foods now contain less sodium.
Many foods pose a choking hazard.
Many foods promoted as being healthy can be poor choices for a CR lifestyle.
Many foods provide several times more methanol than do aspartame-sweetened foods.
Many foods require proper cooking and other processing before they are safe to eat.
Many foods require proper cooking, for example, before they are safe to eat.
Many foods stay fresh well over fifteen years under the proper storage conditions.
Many foods taste better infused with the unmistakably smoky flavor from being cooked over charcoal.
Many foods use more than one food group.
More food can result in increased growth, increased energy, and increased activity etc.
More Food Check out the lively menu at nearby Voltaire.
More food equals more calories, which equals larger jumpsuits.
More food equals more people invariably.
More food has to be consumed to compensate for the greater heat loss from the cluster.
More food is added, such as crackers or bread, if the activity is to last longer.
More food is available, some surpluses exist and are sold on the local market.
More food is better.
More food is consumed, yet there is a wasting away of the body.
More food is dispensed.
More food is needed for self-serve meals.
More food is needed from government and non-government organizations.
More food is needed to sustain a given biomass of ruffe than the same biomass of perch.
More food is prepared and consumed away from home.
More food is spread throughout the indoor enclosure.
More food just keeps on coming . . .
More food means larger mammals.
More food means more body heat production.
More food means more deer.
More food requires more arable land.
More food takes more time, less food, less time.
More food translates into survival for more squirrels.
More foods are available to more people, yet starvation and malnourishment abound.
More foods are made with wheat over the world than with any other cereal grain.
Most food adds calories.
Most food adds excessive calories.
Most food adds sugar.
Most food affects blood sugar levels.
Most food affects diets.
Most food affects ecosystem productivity.
Most food affects health.
Most food affects overall health.
Most food affects people.
Most food affects physical health.
Most food affects productivity.
Most food attracts animals.
Most food attracts ants.
Most food attracts bears.
Most food attracts birds.
Most food attracts bugs.
Most food attracts cockroaches.
Most food attracts dogs.
Most food attracts hummingbirds.
Most food attracts mice.
Most food attracts monkeys.
Most food attracts predators.
Most food attracts rodents.
Most food attracts scavengers.
Most food attracts skunks.
Most food becomes consumption.
Most food becomes human consumption.
Most food becomes meals.
Most food becomes necessity.
Most food boosts metabolism.
Most food borne pathogens thrive at room temperature or in warm water.
Most food causes allergic reaction.
Most food causes deficiencies.
Most food causes mild reaction.
Most food causes possible reaction.
Most food causes reaction.
Most food causes same reaction.
Most food causes similar reaction.
Most food causes spikes.
Most food comes from animals.
Most food comes from environments.
Most food comes from farmers.
Most food comes from farms either directly as crops or as the animals that eat the crops.
Most food comes from farms.
Most food comes from mothers.
Most food comes from plants.
Most food comes from seeds.
Most food comes from sources.
Most food comes from various sources.
Most food comes straight from the fields into the cook-pot.
Most food consists of decay matter.
Most food consists of decay organic matter.
Most food consists of fiber.
Most food consists of high energy seeds.
Most food consists of mammals.
Most food consists of matter.
Most food consists of organic matter.
Most food consists of plant seeds.
Most food consists of products.
Most food consists of proteins.
Most food consists of protozoans.
Most food consists of roots.
Most food consists of seeds.
Most food consists of small mammals.
Most food consists of vegetables.
Most food contains active components.
Most food contains active plant substances.
Most food contains active substances.
Most food contains add sugar.
Most food contains amounts.
Most food contains animal proteins.
Most food contains antimicrobial compounds.
Most food contains artificial color.
Most food contains artificial flavor.
Most food contains b vitamins.
Most food contains bacteria.
Most food contains calories.
Most food contains carbohydrates.
Most food contains carbon.
Most food contains chemical energy.
Most food contains chemicals.
Most food contains chlorophyll.
Most food contains cholesterol.
Most food contains coconut oil.
Most food contains color.
Most food contains complex carbohydrates.
Most food contains components.
Most food contains compounds.
Most food contains crude fiber.
Most food contains dietary fiber.
Most food contains dietary nitrate.
Most food contains diets.
Most food contains dye.
Most food contains elements.
Most food contains energy nutrients.
Most food contains energy.
Most food contains essential elements.
Most food contains essential nutrients.
Most food contains essential vitamins.
Most food contains excess salt.
Most food contains excessive salt.
Most food contains fiber.
Most food contains fibre.
Most food contains fish oil.
Most food contains flavor.
Most food contains flour.
Most food contains good bacteria.
Most food contains high proteins.
Most food contains important nutrients.
Most food contains indigestible elements.
Most food contains irons.
Most food contains key nutrients.
Most food contains krill oil.
Most food contains low calories.
Most food contains magnesium.
Most food contains many calories.
Most food contains many more calories.
Most food contains materials.
Most food contains matter.
Most food contains minerals.
Most food contains minimal amounts.
Most food contains moisture.
Most food contains more calories.
Most food contains natural flavor.
Most food contains nitrate.
Most food contains nutrients.
Most food contains nutrition.
Most food contains occur compounds.
Most food contains oil.
Most food contains organic nutrients.
Most food contains other essential nutrients.
Most food contains other important nutrients.
Most food contains other nutrients.
Most food contains palm oil.
Most food contains percent carbohydrates.
Most food contains pesticide residues.
Most food contains pesticide.
Most food contains pigment.
Most food contains products.
Most food contains properties.
Most food contains proteins.
Most food contains red dye.
Most food contains refine sugar.
Most food contains relate substances.
Most food contains residues.
Most food contains salt.
Most food contains several key nutrients.
Most food contains significant amounts.
Most food contains simple carbohydrates.
Most food contains sodium.
Most food contains starches.
Most food contains storage proteins.
Most food contains substances.
Most food contains sufficient nutrients.
Most food contains sugar.
Most food contains toxic proteins.
Most food contains unhealthy chemicals.
Most food contains valuable nutrients.
Most food contains vanilla flavor.
Most food contains vital nutrients.
Most food contains vitamin minerals.
Most food contains vitamins.
Most food contains water.
Most food creates chemical reaction.
Most food creates reaction.
Most food depends on environments.
Most food depends on habitats.
Most food depends on locations.
Most food encourages growth.
Most food enhances digestion.
Most food enters large intestines.
Most food enters mouths.
Most food enters small intestines.
Most food enters tracheae.
Most food feeds to dogs.
Most food focuses on diets.
Most food gets energy.
Most food goes to intestines.
Most food goes to small intestines.
Most food has addictive properties.
Most food has advantage.
Most food has amounts.
Most food has artificial color.
Most food has benefits.
Most food has calcium.
Most food has calories.
Most food has carbon.
Most food has characteristics.
Most food has chemicals.
Most food has color.
Most food has components.
Most food has definite roles.
Most food has density.
Most food has dietary fiber.
Most food has diets.
Most food has different flavor.
Most food has direct impact.
Most food has effects.
Most food has energy density.
Most food has energy.
Most food has fiber.
Most food has flavor.
Most food has health benefits.
Most food has high nutritious values.
Most food has high values.
Most food has huge advantage.
Most food has immense values.
Most food has impact.
Most food has kinetic energy.
Most food has less sodium.
Most food has life.
Most food has little nutritive values.
Most food has long life.
Most food has long shelf life.
Most food has lots.
Most food has low nutrient values.
Most food has lower energy.
Most food has many more nutrients.
Most food has many nutrients.
Most food has mass.
Most food has massive impact.
Most food has meat.
Most food has minerals.
Most food has muscle meat.
Most food has natural chemicals.
Most food has net effects.
Most food has nutrient values.
Most food has nutrients.
Most food has nutritious values.
Most food has nutritive values.
Most food has odor.
Most food has opposite effects.
Most food has origins.
Most food has places.
Most food has plant proteins.
Most food has pleasant taste.
Most food has power.
Most food has properties.
Most food has proteins.
Most food has quality.
Most food has roles.
Most food has same effects.
Most food has seeds.
Most food has shelf life.
Most food has significant effects.
Most food has sodium.
Most food has special places.
Most food has strong odor.
Most food has symbolic roles.
Most food has temperature.
Most food has to be imported from France and Spain.
Most food has to be imported.
Most food has values.
Most food has vegetable origins.
Most food has vitamin minerals.
Most food helps allergy symptoms.
Most food helps anemia.
Most food helps athletes.
Most food helps colons.
Most food helps dental health.
Most food helps growth.
Most food helps hair growth.
Most food helps health.
Most food helps hunger.
Most food helps iron deficiency anemia.
Most food helps meals.
Most food helps performance.
Most food helps pets.
Most food helps potential.
Most food helps power.
Most food helps prevent diseases.
Most food helps prevent hunger.
Most food helps symptoms.
Most food helps types.
Most food improves absorption.
Most food improves brain functions.
Most food improves dental health.
Most food improves functions.
Most food improves health.
Most food improves iron absorption.
Most food improves symptoms.
Most food includes almonds.
Most food includes animals.
Most food includes apples.
Most food includes beans.
Most food includes beef.
Most food includes birds.
Most food includes bony fish.
Most food includes bread.
Most food includes butters.
Most food includes carbohydrate cellulose.
Most food includes carbohydrates.
Most food includes cellulose.
Most food includes cereals.
Most food includes cods.
Most food includes cream.
Most food includes cucumbers.
Most food includes deciduous leaves.
Most food includes dumplings.
Most food includes fish.
Most food includes flour bread.
Most food includes fresh vegetables.
Most food includes fruit.
Most food includes goat meat.
Most food includes grain.
Most food includes grass roots.
Most food includes ice cream.
Most food includes lean meat.
Most food includes lean proteins.
Most food includes leaves.
Most food includes lush vegetation.
Most food includes mammal reptile birds.
Most food includes marine animals.
Most food includes mature leaves.
Most food includes meat.
Most food includes natural almonds.
Most food includes oatmeals.
Most food includes orange.
Most food includes organ meat.
Most food includes other vegetables.
Most food includes peanut butters.
Most food includes proteins.
Most food includes raw beans.
Most food includes raw meat.
Most food includes roots.
Most food includes small animals.
Most food includes small fish.
Most food includes trees.
Most food includes vegetables.
Most food includes vegetation.
Most food includes vitamins.
Most food includes wheat bread.
Most food includes whole grain.
Most food includes whole wheat bread.
Most food includes woody vegetation.
Most food increases energy.
Most food increases growth.
Most food increases insulin.
Most food increases mold growth.
Most food increases sexual energy.
Most food increases success.
Most food increases survival.
Most food increases vital energy.
Most food is absorbed here.
Most food is average, at best.
Most food is captured on ground or from low vegetation.
Most food is composed of cells.
Most food is consumed by animals.
Most food is consumed by people.
Most food is consumed by students.
Most food is eaten by adults.
Most food is eaten by ill people.
Most food is eaten by mammals.
Most food is eaten by particular people.
Most food is eaten by people.
Most food is eaten by small mammals.
Most food is eaten out at fast-food restaurants, quick stops, and vending machines.
Most food is edible straight out of the can.
Most food is found by digging in the soil.
Most food is found by scratching through litter covering the ground.
Most food is imported and Libya has no inland surface water, and no rail system.
Most food is imported but local island specialities are often available.
Most food is imported.
Most food is located by smell.
Most food is obtained by digging.
Most food is obtained by excavating the burrows of fossorial rodents, such as ground squirrels.
Most food is obtained by grubbing, grazing, and gleaning in wet fields.
Most food is obtained by probing with the long bill which can be opened at the tip to grasp food.
Most food is obtained by probing with the long bill, which can be opened at the tip to grasp food.
Most food is organic, very tasty, rich and the prices are comically low.
Most food is pathetic.
Most food is prepared from scratch, with minimum use of salt or sugars.
Most food is provided by adults.
Most food is provided by mothers.
Most food is provided by parents.
Most food is taken from ground.
Most food is turned into glucose for the body to use for energy.
Most food is utilized during the growing season.
Most food leads to behaviour.
Most food leads to dangerous behaviour.
Most food leads to excretion.
Most food leads to health.
Most food leads to ill health.
Most food leads to optimal health.
Most food made by name-brand manufacturers are of similar high quality.
Most food makes meals.
Most food makes up diets.
Most food makes up vary diets.
Most food mixes with saliva.
Most food moves through ascend colons.
Most food moves through esophagi.
Most food moves through pharynxs.
Most food moves through stomachs.
Most food moves through valves.
Most food needs for good health.
Most food needs for rapid growth.
Most food needs to be softened by cooking and then pureed, mashed or chopped.
Most food nowadays undergoes some form of processing.
Most food offers benefits.
Most food offers choices.
Most food passes from mouths.
Most food passes from pharynxs.
Most food passes into colons.
Most food passes into intestines.
Most food passes into large intestines.
Most food passes into pharynxs.
Most food passes into small intestines.
Most food passes into stomachs.
Most food passes through colons.
Most food passes through esophagi.
Most food passes through guts.
Most food passes through intestines.
Most food passes through large intestines.
Most food passes through mouths.
Most food passes through organs.
Most food passes through pharynxs.
Most food passes through small intestines.
Most food passes through stomachs.
Most food passes through valves.
Most food passes to esophagi.
Most food plays critical roles.
Most food plays important roles.
Most food plays key roles.
Most food plays roles.
Most food plays significant roles.
Most food plays specific roles.
Most food plays vital roles.
Most food produces better results.
Most food produces effects.
Most food produces energy.
Most food produces excess energy.
Most food produces much energy.
Most food produces much excess energy.
Most food produces results.
Most food produces same effects.
Most food promotes dental health.
Most food promotes development.
Most food promotes good health.
Most food promotes good nutrition.
Most food promotes growth.
Most food promotes hair growth.
Most food promotes health.
Most food promotes liver health.
Most food promotes muscle growth.
Most food promotes nutrition.
Most food provides ability.
Most food provides additional nutrients.
Most food provides adequate nourishment.
Most food provides alternatives.
Most food provides attraction.
Most food provides balance nutrition.
Most food provides benefits.
Most food provides calories.
Most food provides chemicals.
Most food provides convenient alternatives.
Most food provides dental benefits.
Most food provides diets.
Most food provides empty calories.
Most food provides energy.
Most food provides enough calories.
Most food provides enough energy.
Most food provides essential nutrients.
Most food provides fiber.
Most food provides fuel sources.
Most food provides fuel.
Most food provides growth.
Most food provides heal benefits.
Most food provides health benefits.
Most food provides important benefits.
Most food provides important nutrients.
Most food provides materials.
Most food provides minerals.
Most food provides nourishment.
Most food provides numerous benefits.
Most food provides nutrients.
Most food provides nutrition.
Most food provides nutritious diets.
Most food provides opportunity.
Most food provides other nutrients.
Most food provides plenty.
Most food provides proteins.
Most food provides raw materials.
Most food provides sources.
Most food provides sufficient nutrients.
Most food provides ultimate nutrition.
Most food provides vitamins.
Most food provides water.
Most food reaches intestines.
Most food reaches stomachs.
Most food requires digestion.
Most food requires energy.
Most food requires for growth.
Most food requires much energy.
Most food requires preparation.
Most food requires preservation.
Most food requires refrigeration.
Most food serves as energy sources.
Most food serves as food sources.
Most food serves as sources.
Most food serves as water sources.
Most food supports digestion.
Most food supports growth.
Most food supports health.
Most food supports immune health.
Most food supports nutrition.
Most food supports urinary tract health.
Most food triggers allergic reaction.
Most food triggers inflammatory responses.
Most food turns into nutrients.
Most food turns into usable nutrients.
Most food uses grain products.
Most food uses inferior products.
Most food uses products.
Most food uses sunlight.
Most food uses water.
Most foods also provide water.
Most foods are a mix of carbohydrates, fat and protein.
Most foods are acceptable during pregnancy.
Most foods are acceptable in a healthy diet.
Most foods are acid but some are much more so than others.
Most foods are actually a combination of all three macronutrients.
Most foods are complex mixtures made up of thousands of compounds.
Most foods are readily available.
Most foods are ready to eat simply by adding water or by heating.
Most foods are somewhat acidic.
Most foods are the result of a very complex 'food chain'.
Most foods are vitamin enriched and a normal diet contains adequate amounts of thiamine .
Most foods contain a combination of all three types.
Most foods contain a combination of different fats.
Most foods contain a label that gives the calories for a serving of food.
Most foods contain a variety of vitamins.
Most foods contain all three fats in different amounts.
Most foods contain all three types of fat, but in varying amounts.
Most foods contain at least one fragment, as makers economize where it least hurts the food.
Most foods contain both unsaturated and saturated fats .
Most foods contain both unsaturated and saturated fats.
Most foods contain calories from more than one source.
Most foods contain enough salt naturally.
Most foods contain little or no iodine.
Most foods contain magnesium, especially dairy products, fish, meat, and seafood.
Most foods contain mixtures of soluble and insoluble fibers.
Most foods contain more than one nutrient.
Most foods contain protein.
Most foods contain several nutrients.
Most foods contain small amounts.
Most foods contain some amino acids.
Most foods contain some carbohydrate.
Most foods contain some fat.
Most foods contain some salt naturally and many have salt added to enhance the flavor.
Most foods contain some salt.
Most foods contain something called carbohydrates.
Most foods contain sufficient nutrients to support microbial growth.
Most foods contain various amounts of sodium.
Most foods contain water, especially fruits and vegetables.
Most foods cook fast on the grill.
Most foods cook in their own moisture so there is little to no water or oils that are added.
Most foods cook more quickly when the grill lid is closed.
Most foods derived from plants are naturally low in one or more essential amino acids.
Most foods do better if they are stored away from oxygen.
Most foods do.
Most foods have little or no vitamin D, and few foods are fortified with it.
Most foods have little or no vitamin D, and few foods besides milk are fortified with it.
Most foods have some nutrition labelling.
Most foods just seem to taste better when they're cooked on a grill and served outdoors.
Most foods now contain levels of cholesterol contained in each serving size.
Most foods only contain small amounts.
Most foods require natural or artificial drying before they become stable.
Most foods sink in water, which means they are a little heavier than water.
Most foods still have no taste.
Most foods take a minute or two.
Much food has to be imported from South Africa, but freshwater fish is in abundant supply.
Much food has wine or other alcohol based products in it.
Much food is picked before it is ripe, so it ripes during shipment.
Much food remains unsold because of the imbalances of supply and demand.
Some food addicts steal food or money to buy food.
Some food adds yeast.
Some food affects blood sugar.
Some food affects digestive juice.
Some food allergy reactions can be very severe and even life threatening.
Some food allergy reactions can be very severe and even life-threatening.
Some food attracts bees.
Some food attracts insects.
Some food attracts toads.
Some food becomes components.
Some food becomes hormones.
Some food becomes issues.
Some food becomes major issues.
Some food becomes medicine.
Some food becomes power struggle issues.
Some food can even help reduce cancer.
Some food can even look definitely disgusting to color deficient individuals.
Some food causes accumulation.
Some food causes allergies.
Some food causes allergy problems.
Some food causes allergy syndromes.
Some food causes blockage.
Some food causes breaths.
Some food causes cancer.
Some food causes colon cancer.
Some food causes conflict.
Some food causes damage.
Some food causes death.
Some food causes dental erosion.
Some food causes diabetes.
Some food causes diarrhea.
Some food causes diarrhoea.
Some food causes diseases.
Some food causes erosion.
Some food causes health problems.
Some food causes heartburn.
Some food causes illnesses.
Some food causes infection.
Some food causes inflammation.
Some food causes issues.
Some food causes migraines.
Some food causes nausea.
Some food causes oral allergy syndromes.
Some food causes outbreaks.
Some food causes problems.
Some food causes respiratory infection.
Some food causes symptoms.
Some food causes syndromes.
Some food causes thyroid problems.
Some food causes trouble.
Some food causes tumors.
Some food causes water quality issues.
Some food comes from carbohydrates.
Some food comes from sides.
Some food consists of algas.
Some food consists of alpine plants.
Some food consists of aquatic plants.
Some food consists of beetles.
Some food consists of blood.
Some food consists of bushes.
Some food consists of creatures.
Some food consists of dead wood.
Some food consists of decay plants.
Some food consists of diatoms.
Some food consists of fruit.
Some food consists of grass.
Some food consists of grasshoppers.
Some food consists of grubs.
Some food consists of insects.
Some food consists of larvae.
Some food consists of leaves.
Some food consists of mash fruit.
Some food consists of milk.
Some food consists of mollusks.
Some food consists of mosquito larvae.
Some food consists of plants.
Some food consists of pollen.
Some food consists of prey.
Some food consists of pulpy fruit.
Some food consists of rats.
Some food consists of rice.
Some food consists of sea creatures.
Some food consists of secretion.
Some food consists of shrimp.
Some food consists of shrubs.
Some food consists of small insects.
Some food consists of spiders.
Some food consists of twigs.
Some food consists of weevils.
Some food consists of wheat.
Some food consists of wood.
Some food consists of worms.
Some food contains acid.
Some food contains alcohol.
Some food contains algas.
Some food contains allergen.
Some food contains amino acid.
Some food contains beef.
Some food contains blood.
Some food contains bulk.
Some food contains caffeine.
Some food contains calcium.
Some food contains carcinogen.
Some food contains celery.
Some food contains chocolate.
Some food contains coconuts.
Some food contains corn.
Some food contains crustacean shellfishes.
Some food contains cysts.
Some food contains elms.
Some food contains essential amino acid.
Some food contains fatty acid.
Some food contains food allergen.
Some food contains fructose.
Some food contains fruit.
Some food contains grain.
Some food contains green algas.
Some food contains husks.
Some food contains indigestible bulk.
Some food contains lactose.
Some food contains levels.
Some food contains limestone.
Some food contains lower levels.
Some food contains major allergen.
Some food contains major food allergen.
Some food contains marine algas.
Some food contains meat.
Some food contains mg.
Some food contains milk.
Some food contains mixture.
Some food contains nitrogen.
Some food contains nuts.
Some food contains onions.
Some food contains organ meat.
Some food contains papaya.
Some food contains peanuts.
Some food contains peroxide.
Some food contains phosphorus.
Some food contains pollutants.
Some food contains poppy seeds.
Some food contains potassium.
Some food contains raw meat.
Some food contains raw nuts.
Some food contains seeds.
Some food contains shellfishes.
Some food contains soy.
Some food contains sugar alcohol.
Some food contains sunflower seeds.
Some food contains types.
Some food contains walnuts.
Some food contains wheat.
Some food contains whole grain.
Some food contains whole soy.
Some food contains yeast.
Some food contains zinc.
Some food contributes to cavities.
Some food contributes to conditions.
Some food contributes to problems.
Some food contributes to term health problems.
Some food depends on ages.
Some food depends on size.
Some food derives from beets.
Some food derives from grow beets.
Some food derives from grow sugar beets.
Some food derives from plants.
Some food derives from sugar beets.
Some food diets cause health problems.
Some food diets cause problems.
Some food eats during summer.
Some food eats giant pandas.
Some food eats guinea pigs.
Some food eats krill.
Some food eats pandas.
Some food eats pigs.
Some food eats platypuses.
Some food eats red pandas.
Some food enhances absorption.
Some food enters alimentary canals.
Some food enters caecums.
Some food feeds hummingbirds.
Some food finds in jars.
Some food finds in shallow water.
Some food finds in soy.
Some food finds in water.
Some food follows rules.
Some food formulates for breed dogs.
Some food formulates for dogs.
Some food formulates for kittens.
Some food formulates for small breed dogs.
Some food formulates for small dogs.
Some food formulates for young kittens.
Some food formulates kittens.
Some food gets current.
Some food goes bad in storage.
Some food goes directly to the second compartment which is the reticulum.
Some food goes to bays.
Some food has allergies.
Some food has blood cholesterol.
Some food has carbohydrates.
Some food has cereals.
Some food has cholesterol.
Some food has corn syrup.
Some food has deep roots.
Some food has dog food.
Some food has extent.
Some food has food.
Some food has good reputations.
Some food has grain.
Some food has growth.
Some food has hair in it.
Some food has health.
Some food has indexes.
Some food has inflammatory responses.
Some food has irons.
Some food has load.
Some food has phosphorus.
Some food has plenty.
Some food has poison.
Some food has potential.
Some food has ranges.
Some food has rations.
Some food has reputations.
Some food has responses.
Some food has roots.
Some food has salt.
Some food has symptoms.
Some food has syrup.
Some food has tendencies.
Some food helps calves.
Some food helps constipation.
Some food helps diarrhea.
Some food helps diseases.
Some food helps fight diseases.
Some food helps guts.
Some food helps habits.
Some food helps illnesses.
Some food helps immunity.
Some food helps include diarrhea.
Some food helps infection.
Some food helps insulin.
Some food helps life.
Some food helps metabolism.
Some food helps osteoarthritis pain.
Some food helps pain.
Some food helps personal life.
Some food helps poodles.
Some food helps pregnancy.
Some food helps pulmonary diseases.
Some food helps toy poodles.
Some food helps water.
Some food improves growth.
Some food improves memory.
Some food improves quality.
Some food includes acid.
Some food includes ants.
Some food includes asparagus.
Some food includes bees.
Some food includes beetles.
Some food includes beets.
Some food includes berries.
Some food includes biscuits.
Some food includes brine shrimp.
Some food includes broccolis.
Some food includes carrots.
Some food includes caterpillars.
Some food includes cheese.
Some food includes cherries.
Some food includes clover.
Some food includes coffee.
Some food includes cookies.
Some food includes corn.
Some food includes crabs.
Some food includes crickets.
Some food includes curries.
Some food includes dairy products.
Some food includes dirt.
Some food includes dogs.
Some food includes earthworms.
Some food includes fatty acid.
Some food includes fish flakes.
Some food includes flakes.
Some food includes flowers.
Some food includes foxes.
Some food includes fruit juice.
Some food includes fungi.
Some food includes giant ragweeds.
Some food includes goats.
Some food includes grain insects.
Some food includes grass.
Some food includes grasshoppers.
Some food includes guavas.
Some food includes hares.
Some food includes hot dogs.
Some food includes ice plants.
Some food includes insects.
Some food includes jackrabbits.
Some food includes juice.
Some food includes kebabs.
Some food includes lentils.
Some food includes mash potato.
Some food includes meat kebabs.
Some food includes mice.
Some food includes moldy cheese.
Some food includes mustard seeds.
Some food includes nuts.
Some food includes pasta.
Some food includes peanuts.
Some food includes plants.
Some food includes potato.
Some food includes products.
Some food includes pumpkins.
Some food includes ragweeds.
Some food includes raspberries.
Some food includes reptiles.
Some food includes rice.
Some food includes seeds.
Some food includes shrimp.
Some food includes small crabs.
Some food includes snowshoe hares.
Some food includes soy yogurt.
Some food includes soybeans.
Some food includes spices.
Some food includes spiders.
Some food includes spinach.
Some food includes squids.
Some food includes tadpoles.
Some food includes tropical fish flakes.
Some food includes tropical flakes.
Some food includes tubers.
Some food includes voles.
Some food includes water lily tubers.
Some food includes wheat.
Some food includes whole berries.
Some food includes wild mustard seeds.
Some food includes wild seeds.
Some food includes willows.
Some food includes worms.
Some food includes yogurt.
Some food increases acid levels.
Some food increases acidity.
Some food increases blood glucose levels.
Some food increases blood.
Some food increases cellular inflammation.
Some food increases extractions.
Some food increases inflammation.
Some food increases production.
Some food increases thickness.
Some food interferes with absorption.
Some food is better than nothing.
Some food is carried back to the burrow where it is kept in dedicated storage chambers.
Some food is consumed by ancestors.
Some food is consumed by bats.
Some food is consumed by chimps.
Some food is consumed by giant pandas.
Some food is consumed by humans.
Some food is consumed by pandas.
Some food is consumed by primates.
Some food is consumed by riders.
Some food is consumed by slaves.
Some food is dangerous if cold.
Some food is dehydrated, while others are dried much like beef jerky.
Some food is dried and stored for winter use.
Some food is eaten by bison.
Some food is eaten by cows.
Some food is eaten by elands.
Some food is eaten by elk.
Some food is eaten by gazelles.
Some food is eaten by humans.
Some food is eaten by men.
Some food is eaten by mongeese.
Some food is eaten by ostriches.
Some food is eaten by rabbits.
Some food is eaten by rocky mountain elk.
Some food is eaten by shepherds.
Some food is expensive.
Some food is hard , for example meat , apple .
Some food is hard, for example meat, apple.
Some food is imported, but many food stuffs come from the states.
Some food is indeed more sensitive to nutrient and vitamin loss than others.
Some food is located in salmon.
Some food is made of flour.
Some food is made of white flour.
Some food is prepared for all who participated in the hatod.
Some food is provided along the way plus food at the finish.
Some food is provided by humans.
Some food is provided by tourists.
Some food is purely to decrease their hunger.
Some food is spicy but most is fairly mild.
Some food is stored away against the arrival of inclement weather.
Some food is stored in the summer and autumn for retrieval in the winter.
Some food kills harmful bacteria.
Some food knock swiftly, or the desert within either team regard.
Some food lacks certain nutrients.
Some food lacks essential nutrients.
Some food lacks many nutrients.
Some food lacks nutrients.
Some food leads to allergies.
Some food leads to deficiencies.
Some food leads to diarrhea.
Some food leads to hunger.
Some food leads to illnesses.
Some food leads to obesity.
Some food leads to problems.
Some food leads to sickness.
Some food leads to starvation.
Some food leads to urinary problems.
Some food limits nutrient intake.
Some food limits overall nutrient intake.
Some food loads with sugar.
Some food makes from fruit.
Some food makes from strawberries.
Some food makes from wheat.
Some food makes seaweed tea.
Some food makes soup.
Some food makes tea.
Some food makes up bulk.
Some food makes up majorities.
Some food mixes with cheese.
Some food mixes with digestive juice.
Some food mixes with juice.
Some food mixes with vitamins.
Some food moves into gizzards.
Some food moves into muscular gizzards.
Some food moves into pharynxs.
Some food needs to be refridgerated or eaten warm.
Some food offers delicacies.
Some food particles cause injuries.
Some food passes from duodenums.
Some food passes from food vacuoles.
Some food passes from vacuoles.
Some food passes into caecums.
Some food passes into cecums.
Some food passes into duodenums.
Some food passes into food vacuoles.
Some food passes into gizzards.
Some food passes into vacuoles.
Some food produces different reaction.
Some food produces gases.
Some food produces plants.
Some food produces reaction.
Some food promotes decay.
Some food promotes tooth decay.
Some food protects against diseases.
Some food protects against heart diseases.
Some food provides enough iodine.
Some food provides excellent habitats.
Some food provides habitats.
Some food provides iodine.
Some food provides melatonin.
Some food provides moisture.
Some food provides treatments.
Some food reduces absorption.
Some food reduces calcium absorption.
Some food reduces growth.
Some food reduces symptoms.
Some food results in starvation.
Some food shows interest.
Some food sources sustain human life.
Some food sources sustain life.
Some food sources sustain survival.
Some food takes care.
Some food takes places.
Some food use to avoid for acne are yeast containing food like bread, pizza and nan.
Some food uses energy.
Some food uses food.
Some food uses oil.
Some food uses olive oil.
Some food uses power.
Some food wastes, green plants, and grass clippings tend to be relatively high in nitrogen.
Some foods actually turn the urine red.
Some foods affect the taste and everyone has their individual scent or taste.
Some foods also can cause choking.
Some foods appear to be especially helpful in the prevention and treatment of diabetes.
Some foods appear to interfere with the body's immune function.
Some foods are a good sources of natural estrogens.
Some foods are apt to cause an allergic reaction in young children.
Some foods are best when served at room temperature.
Some foods are better sources of one form than the other.
Some foods are better sources of one type than the other.
Some foods are calcium fortified, such as orange juice or breakfast cereals.
Some foods are central to American eating habits.
Some foods are clearly a mix of two main ingredients.
Some foods are clearly better for our health.
Some foods are deficient in minerals.
Some foods are easier to eat than others.
Some foods are eaten by hand.
Some foods are especially attractive to flies, particularly sugar-rich fruits.
Some foods are especially helpful for seniors who want to eat healthier.
Some foods are especially rich in copper.
Some foods are even accessible by brand name.
Some foods are exempt from food labeling.
Some foods are exempt from nutrition labeling.
Some foods are fortified with calcium, such as breakfast cereals, some soya drinks and tofu.
Some foods are good for the body and the soul.
Some foods are good to eat either raw or cooked and can be used in different recipes.
Some foods are good to eat raw.
Some foods are high in energy and others are low in energy.
Some foods are high in fat naturally.
Some foods are high in potassium.
Some foods are high mucus-forming.
Some foods are higher in calories than other foods.
Some foods are higher in fiber.
Some foods are just within the bounds of being safe to eat.
Some foods are leathery.
Some foods are low in fat but high in cholesterol.
Some foods are low in sodium.
Some foods are more agreeable than others.
Some foods are more energy rich than others.
Some foods are more fattening than others.
Some foods are more likely to be contaminated with a germ called listeria.
Some foods are more likely to cause adverse reactions in infants.
Some foods are more palatable than others.
Some foods are more seaonally appropriate than others.
Some foods are naturally high in sucrose, which is no different from added sucrose.
Some foods are neutral while others are cool, cold, warm or hot.
Some foods are no-nos.
Some foods are particularly harmful.
Some foods are poisonous if ingested in large quantities.
Some foods are rich in potassium.
Some foods are rich, as in dairy produce, in specific nutrients and low in others.
Some foods are safe .
Some foods are said to induce sterility more easily than others.
Some foods are special to particular countries or areas.
Some foods are spicy and some sweet, and others are a mixture of flavors.
Some foods are to be eaten with others and some at separate feedings but little needs to be avoided.
Some foods are to be watched with a suspicious eye.
Some foods are very easy on the body.
Some foods are very poor in all nutrients.
Some foods bind sulphite better than others.
Some foods block the absorption of iron.
Some foods can actually help stop the diarrhea.
Some foods can adversely affect children's behaviour.
Some foods can be harmful if eaten to excess.
Some foods can be safety processed in a water bath canner.
Some foods can be toxic or indigestible to parakeets.
Some foods can become unsafe if they are left too long at room temperature.
Some foods can cause a life-threatening reaction.
Some foods can cause anger, depression, fear, irritability and irrational emotions.
Some foods can cause problems for people on moclobemide.
Some foods can cause young children to choke.
Some foods can contain meat by-products, which are rejected for humans to eat.
Some foods can easily slip into a child's throat and cause choking.
Some foods can interfere with some medications.
Some foods can supply a surprising amount of water.
Some foods can trigger migraines.
Some foods carry harmful bacteria and parasites.
Some foods cause eczema.
Some foods come from animals and some foods come from plants.
Some foods come from plants.
Some foods contain a lot of fat, but no cholesterol.
Some foods contain additives that contribute iodine to the diet.
Some foods contain goitrogens that can lead to iodine deficiency if overused.
Some foods contain one or more ingredients produced by using genetic techniques.
Some foods contain powerful enzyme inducers.
Some foods contain several different types of sugar in various forms.
Some foods contain small amounts of carbohydrate, such as non-starchy vegatable, nuts, and seeds.
Some foods contain soluble fiber that helps lower blood cholesterol levels.
Some foods contain soluble fiber, others contain insoluble fiber, and many contain a combination.
Some foods contain substances called fats.
Some foods contain very little nutritional value or have ingredients that can cause disease.
Some foods containing calcium are milk, whole or skim, cheese, buttermilk and yogurt.
Some foods containing the same amount of energy are more satisfying than others.
Some foods cook better at lower humidity.
Some foods cost less in their growing season.
Some foods count as liquid in the diet and can be included to meet fluid needs.
Some foods do cause an immediate allergic response however, but that is different from asthma.
Some foods do have a direct impact upon the body.
Some foods do have more fiber than others.
Some foods eliminate parasites naturally.
Some foods fit into more than one group.
Some foods foul the water quickly.
Some foods get very hard and tough.
Some foods have a greater concentration of nutrients than others.
Some foods have a specific affinity for certain organ systems or meridians.
Some foods have an easily recognized packing date imprinted on the top.
Some foods have calorific value but no nutrition.
Some foods have greater quantities of glutamate than others.
Some foods have high levels of carbohydrates including breads , pastas , potato , and cereals .
Some foods have high levels of carbohydrates including breads, pastas, potato, and cereals.
Some foods have high levels of phytoestrogens.
Some foods have higher point values than others.
Some foods have more calories than others.
Some foods have more meat, others have less preservatives.
Some foods have obvious 'visible' fat or sugar.
Some foods have residues of many more pesticides than others.
Some foods have superior life spans, while others decay at an alarming rate.
Some foods have symbolic value for example fish balls, which signify reunion.
Some foods have to be exposed for a longer time than others.
Some foods help the body to absorb iron from other foods eaten at the same meal.
Some foods help to fight depression.
Some foods hide that orange under a layer of green.
Some foods hold up well but can cause major traffic flow headaches.
Some foods irritate the anus when they are expelled during a bowel movement.
Some foods just taste different.
Some foods last longer than others, but all frozen food goes through changes, albeit very slowly.
Some foods make the patient feel better until a withdrawel reaction sets in days later.
Some foods naturally contain more arsenic than others.
Some foods naturally contain sodium, although usually in small amounts.
Some foods needs to be chewed more to swallow.
Some foods offer a feel-good effect.
Some foods particularly seem to hold a special place in the hearts and mouths of British society.
Some foods pose a much greater threat than others.
Some foods promote growth and some promote cell destruction or necrosis.
Some foods promote tooth decay.
Some foods provide more calories than others.
Some foods provide more energy than others.
Some foods provide nutrients that clearly lessen the natural consequences of growing older.
Some foods push hormone levels up.
Some foods rank as more tooth friendly than others.
Some foods reduce calcium absorption and actually increase the loss of calcium in the urine.
Some foods reduce iron absorption.
Some foods release histamines and other active amines into a sensitive area.
Some foods require a bit more attention than others - here are some food safety tips.
Some foods require special precautions.
Some foods require special preparation.
Some foods require their own specific digestive enzymes such as lactase for milk.
Some foods seem to cause hives to a greater extent than others.
Some foods shrink more than others.
Some foods simply taste better cooked in cast iron cookware.
Some foods sound so harmless.
Some foods spoil because microbes can still grow.
Some foods stay fresh in space without additional processing.
Some foods take more time to digest while others take less.
Some foods worsen depression because of their effects on the body's biochemistry.
Many foodborne bacteria multiple rapidly in low heat but are killed by high heat.
Many foodborne illnesses are the result of the person's own poor food handling practices.
Many foodborne illnesses occur because of the way food is handled and prepared in the home.
Most foodborne illness is caused by biological hazards.
Most foodborne illness lasts a few hours or days.
Some foodborne illnesses have effects that go on for weeks, months, or even years.
Most foodborne infections are sporadic, meaning there is no link to a known outbreak.
Many foodborne outbreaks appear to health care providers as unrelated illnesses of unknown origin.
A foodie is a sensualist
Foodies are a demographic of people who travel for the love of a good meal.
Foodies eat where they're told.
Some foodies are aghast.
Some foodies see the yellow surge as a seminal sign of where the nation's taste buds are headed.
Foods sources are beef and pork, fish, milk, cheese, eggs, broccoli and carrots.
FoodState nutrients are different from regular vitamins and minerals.
Foodstate nutrients are food.
FoodState nutrients are in the form necessary for absorption.
Foodstate nutrients are indeed the nutritional breakthrough for the new millenium.
Foodstate nutrients are the most important advance in nutrition today.
Foodstate nutrients begin with the same commercial molecule of vitamins or minerals.
Foodstate nutrients contain no chemicals such as orotates or gluconates.
Foodstuff is a commodity
Foodstuff is food.
Foodstuffs acquire meaning and a place in the cuisine structure of a region.
Foodstuffs are also critical to sustaining military operations.
Foodstuffs can be a minor component in a person's overall pesticide exposure.
Foodstuffs naturally contain small amounts of nickel.
All foodstuffs are generally safe to eat.
Many foodstuffs contain certain concentrations of zinc.
Most foodstuffs have to be imported.
Foogle birds are cartoon avians of a thousand unique genuses, each one the last of their kind.
A fool is a person
Fool Come hither, mistress .
Fool Come hither, mistress.
Fool defend Company around few passenger thru one ninety.
Fool describes under several nut whether presented kenwood car.
Fool is a wonderfully engrossing study of small town life.
Fool is incipient, and is theory.
Fool is the cipher, the zero.
Fool is upbeat by nature.
Fool isa individual.
Fool isa person.
Fool isa somebody.
Fool isa someone.
Fool never thinks ahead.
Fool sell Toe beneath either whip to no thirst.
Fools act in the series.
Fools also despise truth.
Fools answer the call.
Fools are as like husbands as pilchards are to herrings, the husband's the bigger.
Fools are asleep, and it's sad.
Fools are capable of smoke cigarettes.
Fools are everywhere.
Fools are evil.
Fools are Known . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fools are legion, even holy fools.
Fools are more to be feared than the wicked.
Fools are most visible in their seriousness, and constant gravity rots the heart.
Fools are most.
Fools are simpletons.
Fools are so ingenious.
Fools believe it'll take lots of time and lots of money before the smoke clears.
Fools breed horses for wise men to buy.
Fools buy on the merits of a company when it's standing alone.
Fools call wise men fools.
Fools can find better investments.
Fools can have their sausage and eat it too, though.
Fools can sleep easier.
Fools care little about such short-term results, so let's take the numbers out a few years.
Fools cherish the thoughts it invokes.
Fools choose to learn only from their own mistakes.
Fools consider everything has been done and explained.
Fools cower in fear.
Fools despise their own souls, by caring for their bodies before their souls.
Fools Die .
Fools die young.
Fools discuss the different rumors and possibilities.
Fools discuss the possible reasons.
Fools dont deserve much else that becoming someones dinner.
Fools duke it out.
Fools employ it in self admiration, and the wise in doing good.
Fools explain the connection between crime and punishment.
Fools fall in love because fools are destined to weep all their lives.
Fools gather round and hinder our release.
Fools go where wise men fear to tread.
Fools have (part) arms.
Fools have (part) body substances.
Fools have (part) cell membranes.
Fools have (part) cells.
Fools have (part) corpi.
Fools have (part) cytoplasm.
Fools have (part) heads.
Fools have (part) human bodies.
Fools have (part) legs.
Fools have (part) material bodies.
Fools have (part) necks.
Fools have (part) nuclei.
Fools have (part) personality.
Fools have (part) plasma membranes.
Fools have (part) sections.
Fools have (part) vacuoles.
Fools have a compulsion to shoot a living being.
Fools have quality.
Fools ignore complexity.
Fools is a novel in which all the characters have multiple personalities.
Fools jump in where the wise fear to tread.
Fools know better, though.
Fools know that if an investment opportunity seems too good to be true, it probably is.
Fools know that it's impossible to time the market.
Fools know that they'll pay a king's ransom in interest if they skip a month's payment.
Fools know that's an excellent screen for long-term investment success.
Fools know what that means.
Fools lament the decay of criticism .
Fools learn by experience, wise men learn from other's experience.
Fools learn from their own.
Fools look everywhere else.
Fools look to tomorrow, wise men use tonight.
Fools love cash generators because they can rely less on outside funding to grow their business.
Fools make a mock at sin.
Fools make easy things difficult, largely through the attitude they take in doing anything.
Fools make feasts and wise men eat 'em.
Fools multiply folly.
Fools never learn.
Fools opt for stocks above all else as our vehicle of choice for growth over the long term.
Fools ought to come in smaller sizes.
Fools ought to put their investing dollars to work elsewhere.
Fools recognize that the long-term odds are overwhelmingly in our favor.
Fools remember when the tulip hysteria was placed in Denmark.
Fools run the networks.
Fools rush in - a set of 'crazy gang' characters in a spoof story.
Fools rush in where angels fear to even fly over.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread .
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread. . .
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Fools rush in.
Fools share their ideas and experiences on what to look for when dealing with a move.
Fools share their opinion of the movie and argue the history of computing.
Fools share their thoughts on the interview.
Fools sit on thrones as kings, while the wise beg their bread.
Fools sit on thrones as kings, While the wise beg their bread.
Fools stand on their island and look toward another land.
Fools stand on their island opportunities and look toward another land.
Fools stand ready to help right in that latter message board.
Fools stay off-line.
Fools succumb to carnal pleasure.
Fools talk because they have to say something.
Fools tell more than they know.
Fools tend to cluster together.
Fools think alike.
Fools think their own way is right, but the wise listen to advice.
Fools think they are awake now, and flatter themselves they know if they are princes or peasants.
Fools together insinuate their imploding folly of wave mentality.
Fools wander, the wise travel.
Fools whacks people with stick.
Fools worship mules that carry gold.
Fools often speak of 'letting sleeping dogs lie'.
Any fool can aspire to make things worse.
Any fool can be brave on a battlefield when it's be brave or else be killed.
Any fool can be uncomfortable.
Any fool can become a parent.
Any fool can burn their own money, it takes a professional to burn someone else's.
Any fool can carry on but a wise man knows how to shorten sail in time.
Any fool can condemn and complain - and most do.
Any Fool Can Cook.
Any fool can count the seeds in an apple.
Any fool can create a non-falsifiable hypothesis.
Any fool can create a website.
Any fool can create their own e-commerce site.
Any fool can criticise, condemn and complain and most fools do.
Any fool can criticise, condemn, and complain - and most fools do.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain - and most do.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain, and most do.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain and most fools do.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain, and most do.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain, and most fools do.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain-and most do.
Any fool can destroy a tree.
Any fool can destroy trees.
Any fool can do it.
Any fool can do that and most fools do run out and get married again right away.
Any fool can do that.
Any fool can enter, it takes talent to exit consistently and profitably.
Any fool can establish business when there is a boom.
Any fool can flip open a switchblade at lightning speed.
Any fool can flip open a switchblade.
Any fool can get a gun and go blow away a bunch of people.
Any fool can get a stallion to rear in a couple of minutes.
Any fool can get angry.
Any fool can get complicated, but it takes a kind of genius to stay simple.
Any fool can get drunk.
Any fool can get to a specific geographic location given enough maps and global positioning units.
Any fool can go out and overpay for a good company.
Any fool can go out on a street corner and pass out dollar bills.
Any fool can go with the incumbent.
Any fool can grow marigolds.
Any fool can have the facts.
Any fool can know.
Any fool can make a rule.
Any fool can make an entry in a computer ledger.
Any fool can make history, but it takes a genius to write it.
Any fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent.
Any fool can make things complicated and muddy the waters.
Any fool can mouth off.
Any fool can navigate now.
Any fool can obey an instinct blindly.
Any fool can operate a hammer.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any fool can play, and many do.
Any fool can put on protective gear and take bites, but being a good decoy requires sophistication.
Any fool can quote and any fool can quote a quote.
Any fool can run in circles, but it takes a wise man to hurdle.
Any fool can see that that s nuts.
Any fool can see that.
Any fool can see that's bad.
Any fool can see the fallacy in the existing state law.
Any fool can send an e-mail.
Any fool can sing in the day . . . .
Any fool can start it, but to end it requires considerable skill.
Any fool can take data.
Any fool can tell the truth but it takes a man of some wit to know how to tell a lie.
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know how to lie well.
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of some sense to know how to lie well.
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of some sense to know how to tell a lie well.
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a person of some sense to know how to lie well.
Any fool can tell the truth, it takes intelligence to lie well.
Any fool can try a divorce case.
Any fool can win an award .
Any fool can write a bad ad.
Any fool can write a program that runs.
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand.
Any fool can.
Any fool knows that is false.
Any fool knows that.
Every fool can tell that.
Many fools are bigger.
Many Fools are skeptical of the stock's valuation.
Many fools even think they are pure devotees.
Most Fools avoid penny stocks.
Most fools have quality.
Most Fools think they are only ignorant.
Some fools explain constraints.
Some fools get facts.
Some fools never learn.
Some Fools Never Learn.
Foolish behavior causes one to drown in the river.
Foolish capitalism produces aggressive, cutthroat, and unethical business practices.
Foolish charities are neither paternalistic nor markedly altruistic.
Foolish charities treat their beneficiaries as responsible adults.
Foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
Foolish decisions take one of two forms.
Foolish fads have a way of collapsing under their own weight.
Foolish investors insist on making their long-term decisions based on very recent experience.
Foolish man give wife grand piano, wise man give wife upright organ.
Foolish man give wife grand piano.
Foolish minds concoct new ways to mock sin.
Foolish mistakes can lead to tragic results.
Foolish mortals think they live, But most are never known.
Many foolish mothers train their little daughters to consider scanty attire as the normal thing.
Foolish people are always careless . .
Foolish people are generally miserable.
Foolish people take as primary the seeking after pleasures in the present life.
Foolish pleasures mix with artisans treasures.
Foolish practice makes perfect fools.
Foolish Risks Take calculated risks.
Foolish rulers rush their people into foolish wars.
Foolish ways persist.
Foolish wraiths follow and are extinguished.
Foolishness demands an open mind.
Foolishness is a biblical anthropological description of a child's heart.
Foolishness is a trait
Foolishness is always an option.
Foolishness is always principally rooted in unbelief.
Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child.
Foolishness is bound up in the heart of a child.
Foolishness is bound up in the heart of that child.
Foolishness is bound up in the heart, even of that little girl.
Foolishness is bound up in their hearts.
Foolishness is delusional, making the foolish person wise in their own estimation.
Foolishness is just the opposite.
Foolishness is right.
Foolishness is seen as a seductive harlot, while wisdom is seen as a stable, matronly figure.
Foolishness is surely a bottomless pit, into which fools can sink indefinitely.
Foolishness is synonymous with accountability.
Foolishness is the antithesis of wisdom.
Foolishness is the name of the problem.
Foolishness is usually an indicator that there is a better way to do things.
Foolishness respects the actions of a thinking person.
Foonote numbers reflects the footnote numbers in printed version.
Foosball tables vary greatly in price as does the quality of the tables.
Foot baths are made of warm water.
Foot baths are made of water.
Most foot baths are made of warm water.
Most foot baths are made of water.
Foot boobies dive into water.
Foot bridge supports and pipeline along cliff face.
Foot bridges cross different waterways in the park.
Foot bridges provide easy crossing of the Tongue River and the area's many natural springs.
Foot care brings soothing relief to tired, overworked feet.
FOOT CARE Buy a sharp short pair of scissors for nail trimming, trim one day before the event.
Foot care continues to be well-received.
Foot care covers far more than the aggravation of a corn, a callous or a sore toe.
Foot care is an important means of reducing the impact of diabetic neuropathy.
Foot care is especially important for people with diabetes.
Foot care is especially important to people with diabetes.
Foot care is essential - Check for blisters, abrasions, cuts, etc.
Foot care is extremely important for diabetics.
Foot care is extremely important for people diagnosed with diabetes.
Foot care is important for people with diabetes.
Foot care is important to the overall health of individuals with Diabetes.
Foot care is important.
Foot care is is especially important.
Foot care is particularly important for patients with circulatory problems.
Foot care is particularly important if diabetes mellitus is also present.
Foot care is perhaps the most important concern for people with diabetes.
Foot care is ultimate.
Foot care is very important for people with diabetes.
Foot care leaflets in a large range of languages are available for download.
Foot care leaflets in a range of languages are available for download.
Foot deformities are among the most common reasons that a parent takes a child to an orthopedist.
Many foot disorders are related to long toenails.
Foot drop occurs when the muscles in the foot and ankle are contracting and pushing the foot down.
Foot faults are illegal.
Foot ferns grow to height.
Foot ferrets drink water.
Foot ferrets have diets.
Foot ferrets have sharp teeth.
Foot ferrets have teeth.
Foot ferrets live in burrows.
Foot ferrets live in prairie dog burrows.
Foot fetishism has a long, proud history, and some of the nicest guys around are into feet.
Foot fractures are most common in track and field athletes.
Foot fractures involve the talus, calcaneus, metatarsal, and phalanges.
Foot guards escort the carriage.
Foot massage can help restore circulation and reduce edema.
Foot massage is also a great way to be sensual without getting directly sexual on a date.
Foot massage stimulates the circulation in the feet.
Foot massages are great, too.
Foot muscles get weak and the tendons in the foot get shorter.
Foot muscles tighten to accommodate to the shorter size.
Foot notes refer to the principal literature.
Foot odor is largely the result of bacteria that thrive in a moist environment.
Foot odor Is socially unacceptable.
Foot passengers can take coaches which travel from Vancouver city centre to Victoria city centre.
Foot passengers can take transit buses to many terminals.
Foot passengers travel free.
Foot paths offer an enjoyable stroll through the park.
Foot paths wind their way through the giant boulders bathed in aquatic light from the pool above.
A foot pedal is a lever
Foot pedal leaves both hands free.
Foot pedal opens lid, frees up both hands for refuse disposal.
Foot pedal operates air clamping lap tables for faster lap.
Foot pedal works like a charm as well.
Foot pedals allow hands-free focusing of the microscope as well.
Foot pedals are similarly unattractive.
Foot pedals can lead to leg strain.
Foot pedals help to avoid such awkward positions.
Foot pedals lock the weave in place with a loud lurch.
Foot pedals play the larger bells.
Foot pedals turn it left and right.
Foot position is also crucial.
Foot position is quite different on a bicycle than it is a uni.
Foot prints are another type of fossil record.
Foot prints tend to grow into shallow lakes over a period of weeks.
A foot race is a race
Foot Race Play against Boy the Bear or a friend and see who is first to reach the end.
Foot reflexology is a holistic approach to good health and well being.
Foot reflexology is a pressure therapy.
Foot reflexology is particularly useful.
A foot rot is an animal disease
Foot rot appears to be widespread as a consequence of long immersion of the feet in water and mud.
Foot rot can attack the trunk and crown roots and seriously damage the tree.
Foot rot can be a very annoying problem.
Foot rot is a contagious disease.
Foot rot is caused by a bacteria that turns a few legs into stumps with a black tip.
Foot rot is exacerbated by the urine soaked, unhygienic conditions in which many pigs live.
Foot rots are animal diseases.
Foot rots are plant diseases.
Foot size changes with age.
Foot size increases with standing as well as with the time of day.
Some foot slaves exhibit a reverent devotion to the feet of their mistress, their goddess.
A foot soldier is a soldier
Foot soldiers are heavily armored and are effective in melee combat, but are incredibly slow.
Foot soldiers are the most plentiful.
Foot soldiers are under enormous pressure to commit atrocities.
Foot soldiers rake up the ground with shaking hands, looking for mines without detectors.
Foot strike is also important in patellar positioning.
Foot Tag Give each student a yarn of fleece ball.
Foot traffic can be heavy.
Foot traffic crosses the street with the bicycles but people obviously rank lower.
Foot traffic goes in the inside lane.
Foot traffic has different impacts than do motorized vehicles.
Foot traffic is also up.
Foot traffic is permitted on all designated trails.
Foot traffic is permitted on the trails, but all motorized uses are strictly forbidden.
Foot traffic is rare.
Foot traffic is served primarily by common walks through the interior of the blocks.
Foot traffic is the only way to explore.
Foot traffic is traffic
Foot traffic is very heavy all year round but especially during the summer months.
Foot traffic is worthwhile only if it produces more revenue than it costs.
Foot traffic keep right.
Foot traffic kills the dune plants causing erosion.
Foot traffic makes it safer.
Foot traffic remains the same.
Foot trails are for foot traffic only.
Foot trails give additional access.
Foot trails lead south through a pine woods.
Foot trails lead though the graveyard.
Foot trails lead to many park features.
Foot trails meander through the young climax forest of the park and around the stocked twin lakes.
Foot trails throught the reserve provide panoramic views of the Pacific Ocean and steep cliffs.
Foot ulcers are another problem.
Foot ulcers are open sores that can happen to people with diabetes.
Foot ulcers are particularly common in diabetics, and can be so severe that amputation is required.
Foot ulcers are the leading cause of hospital stays among diabetics.
Foot ulcers are the leading cause of hospital stays amoung diabetes.
Foot ulcers are the open sores that remain after the surface skin and tissues have been damaged.
Foot ulcers can be very serious and, if they become infected, can sometimes require amputation.
Foot washing is like that.
Foot washing is more than a gesture.
Foot work is a major priority in the wing chun system.
Foot work is depicted in relics from ancient Egypt, China, India, and Japan.
Foot worship is sex.
A foot is an extremity
Feet act as anchors.
Feet also become soft and can develop a variety of problems like trench foot.
Feet also have claws at end for climbing.
Feet also tend to alternate between weak and strong elements.
Feet approach each other, but are still fan-shaped and the toe digits are still webbed.
Feet approximately shoulder width apart.
Feet are a common site for fungal infections.
Feet are a commonly and readily fetishized body part.
Feet are a likely area for injury in an active dog.
Feet are a little turned out in the front.
Feet are about hip distance apart.
Feet are also flat on the ground in a comfortable position.
Feet are also somewhat hairy .
Feet are also somewhat hairy.
Feet are always a sore spot for the karate student.
Feet are as described for the front legs.
Feet are at a right angle to the board.
Feet are back and tucked under ankle pads.
Feet are bright yellow to orange.
Feet are broad and five toes radiate over a cushiony pad of tissue.
Feet are clad in wool socks under either sandals or neoprene booties.
Feet are compact and turn neither in nor out.
Feet are compact and turn neither in or out.
Feet are compact, oval in shape, pads deep and strong, toes moderately arched and close together.
Feet are compact, well arched, well padded.
Feet are compact, well knit, and oval in shape.
Feet are compact, well-knit, and round to oval in shape.
Feet are compact, with well knuckled, strongly arched toes and thick, strong pads.
Feet are considered 'inferior' parts of the body compared with the dignity of the face.
Feet are cool with no dependent rubor or elevation pallor.
Feet are correct restorations.
Feet are covered in skin striae, which are akin to fingerprints on the feet.
Feet are different sizes at different times of day, larger in the evening than in the morning.
Feet are dirty.
Feet are especially vulnerable to spilled liquids.
Feet are five-toed paws.
Feet are flat on the floor or positioned on a footrest.
Feet are flat on the floor, knees apart.
Feet are flat-soled with short curved claws.
Feet are fleshy and grey in coloration.
Feet are for moving from one place to another.
Feet are good-sized, hooves are black and hard.
Feet are gross.
Feet are hard-working and can get into poor shape fast.
Feet are highly sensitive, though often the most neglected part of the human body.
Feet are hook-like with a reduced big toe similar to hands.
Feet are hot.
Feet are in correct position and well knuckled.
Feet are in motion.
Feet are innocent.
Feet are just wider than shoulders with toes pointed outward slightly.
Feet are large with strongly curved claws and naked soles.
Feet are larger in size at the end of the day.
Feet are light-weight, durable.
Feet are moderate in size, compact and firmly set.
Feet are more affected than the thighs.
Feet are movable.
Feet are never innocent.
Feet are now plantigrade but with some residual deformity.
Feet are of medium size.
Feet are of paramount importance in the fight or flight response.
Feet are often the most abused and neglected portion of the anatomy.
Feet are often the place where health warnings can be found.
Feet are OK with several small blisters, but compared to some they are in remarkably good shape.
Feet are on a diagonal.
Feet are on foot rest.
Feet are one of the hardest parts of the body to warm up.
Feet are one of the sexiest parts of a man.
Feet are out of sight and therefore out of people's mind.
Feet are oval with tight arched toes.
Feet are oval, compact, tightly knit and well padded with hair.
Feet are paddlelike, fully webbed, and have three claws.
Feet are particularly vulnerable to constantly cold and wet conditions.
Feet are particularly vulnerable, and extra foot care is required for cold-weather operations.
Feet are Piscean territory.
Feet are playful.
Feet are pretty important to a hiker.
Feet are proper replacements, and the brass mounts are all original.
Feet are quiet.
Feet are relaxed, usually slightly turned out.
Feet are religious too.
Feet are round and appear almost dainty compared to body mass.
Feet are round and compact, with well-arched toes and thick pads.
Feet are round and compact.
Feet are round and rather flat.
Feet are round or slightly oval.
Feet are round with black toenails.
Feet are round, compact with well arched toes, turning neither in nor out.
Feet are round, firm, with tightly closed webbed toes.
Feet are sacred for holy men and women.
Feet are same as front feet.
Feet are sexually sensitive, as well, through links to sensory nerves of the genitalia.
Feet are short and sturdy with bent legs.
Feet are shoulder width apart.
Feet are simply happier in Birkenstocks.
Feet are slightly apart w. weight even.
Feet are slightly longer and wider at the end of the day.
Feet are slightly wider than the hips.
Feet are small and oval, pointing forward turning neither in nor out.
Feet are small to cut down on heat loss.
Feet are small, round and tight.
Feet are so much more revealing .
Feet are still as for the kneeling position and the knees are about a foot apart.
Feet are still.
Feet are strong and correct.
Feet are strong and well placed.
FEET are strong, oval shaped, large, with arched toes, well covered with hair.
Feet are strongly grounded, and hands and feet move abruptly.
Feet are subject to a great variety of skin and toenail disorders.
Feet are the hardest to draw.
Feet are the main mode of transport.
Feet are the most difficult item to keep warm .
Feet are the same.
Feet are then cream-drenched, pummeled, paraffined, pruned and polished to perfection.
Feet are tight and oval shaped, with thick pads and toes well knuckled over.
Feet are to be checked daily for scratches, cuts, blisters, ingrown toenails, corns, and calluses.
Feet are together and pointed straight forward.
Feet are together.
Feet are two of the most denigrated parts of the human body.
Feet are ugly, use socks.
Feet are upside down.
Feet are usually dark solid black with irregular horizontal stripes on the legs.
Feet are usually only the means for a person's activity.
Feet are utilized in vibrating water surfaces, raking litter and paddling to perturb prey.
Feet are very important to crustaceans and other arthropods.
Feet are well knit and oval in shape.
Feet are white.
Feet are yellow.
Feet ball up with ice.
Feet begin to tap.
Feet bless throughout no murmur likewise leave Life insurance variables.
Feet burn and have a sensation as if frozen.
Feet can be a few inches apart.
Feet can be generous sources of pain, especially when used as primary transportation.
Feet can become as much as a size larger during the course of any active day.
Feet can get cold quickly and allow heat to escape.
Feet can grip more than shoes on muddy logs.
Feet can move to shoulder width to make the next set of movements easier.
Feet care .
Feet cease to roam, a lonesome traveler travel home.
Feet change over time.
Feet charms clitoris.
Feet -Close, round and firm.
Feet come in contact.
Feet come padding down the hall.
Feet come to the ground flat.
Feet consist of toes.
Feet consist of two or three syllables, in some combination of short or long.
Feet continue in basic.
Feet continue to change as the years pass, even after the foot stops growing.
Feet create beneath an browser that please winter squash.
Feet deliver in a skirt so destroy Florida state seminoles jackets.
Feet deny aboard little ladder before grow canvas tents.
Feet deserve special attention, but the technique is similar to other parts of the body.
Feet edges firmly on floor.
Feet emerge feeling soothed and silky.
Feet emit acidic compound to augment airborne physical attacks.
Feet feel clubby and raw.
Feet feel dry and comfortable.
Feet feel refreshed and revitalized.
Feet find holds in air.
Feet function best when all the bones, muscles, arches, etc.
Feet get knobby and worn.
Feet grow as quickly as babies do.
Feet have (part) corpi.
Feet have (part) soles.
Feet have (part) tiptoes.
Feet have (part) toenails.
Feet have a tendency to swell during flight.
Feet have big toes.
Feet have black ink on it for the traditional hospital birth certificate.
Feet have blood flow surfaces.
Feet have bones.
Feet have brown spots.
Feet have claw digits.
Feet have claw toes.
Feet have digits.
Feet have hind toes.
Feet have inner structures.
Feet have layers.
Feet have long tufts of fur growing out between the paw pads.
Feet have muscles.
Feet have nails.
Feet have naked soles and nonretractile claws.
Feet have nerves.
Feet have no place on wardroom furniture.
Feet have point toes.
Feet have skin.
Feet have soles.
Feet have spots.
Feet have structures.
Feet have suction cup toe pads.
Feet have surfaces.
Feet have toe toes.
Feet have toenails.
Feet have toes.
Feet hit floors.
Feet hit pavement.
Feet hold shoes well or can be left barefoot without trouble.
Feet indicates Curve for crime along lots bauer in line skate because ask over the opportunity.
Feet is the default unit.
Feet knocking against the back of the stroller can be uncomfortable for adult and stroller occupant.
Feet look official.
Feet make the game.
Feet means horizontal feet.
Feet measure length.
Feet meet ground hard, bringing an odd ache.
Feet move creatures.
Feet move in.
Feet never ask why, never refuse a break, never expect to go to any great height.
Feet normally differ in size.
Feet normally swell during the course of the day's activity.
Feet offer so many possibilities for erotic fantasies.
Feet point forward or very slightly outward.
Feet point straight ahead and are slightly smaller and more oval than front.
Feet point straight ahead, heels are on the ground.
Feet pointing in or out is a fault.
Feet pound the earth floor.
Feet pound up.
Feet Put a large sheet of paper on the floor, and let the kids step in paint.
Feet range in color from egg-yolk yellow to fluorescent orange.
Feet remain on the ground, and heels act as the pivot point.
Feet require less space to discuss than do heart and brain.
Feet seek a center of gravity beneath the animal.
Feet seem furry or bones ache.
Feet serve as the foundation of our bodies and as such require special attention.
Feet shave between the curtain either hurry teenager game.
Feet shift and stick to the dried remnants of pop and beer.
Feet shift at the prayer-silent silver door.
Feet shod with preparation of the gospel of peace.
Feet shuffle close.
Feet smell bad when very tiny plants or animals grow on our skin.
Feet speak Kicking around.
Feet stay on the ground more in Natural Golf.
Feet stay together.
Feet stay warm in winter, cool in summer, an all season footwear.
Feet stink sometimes.
Feet stop having asymmetrical flares because they are loaded as evenly as possible.
Feet support limbs.
Feet swell a bit and get larger as the day passes.
Feet swell as much as a full size during a good workout.
Feet swell as the day progresses, so always try on shoes in the late afternoon or evening.
Feet swell by the end of the day, so a late afternoon fitting is preferable.
Feet swell during the course of the day.
Feet swell in the afternoon and in the heat.
Feet swell over the course of a day spent hiking, more so with a heavy pack.
Feet take time to adjust to boots and trail travel.
Feet tend to converge under the body, without crossing over ,as speed increases.
Feet tend to converge under the body, without crossing over, as speed increases.
Feet tend to swell during the course of a day, so shop for shoes at the end of the day.
Feet tend to swell during the day, and it's best to be fitted when they are at their largest.
Feet touch surfaces.
Feet touch the floor.
Feet travel close to the ground.
Feet troop up and down the hall.
Feet turn before shoulders.
Feet turn neither in nor out.
Feet turning in or intoeing is a very common finding in toddlers.
Feet typically get bigger with age.
Feet vary from family to family.
Feet well spread and straight, free of any feathers.
Foot batten over-tightened, release some tension on the foot batten.
Foot brakes only.
Foot bring on an station after support hawaii the pacific paradise.
Foot comes down to the back of the boat, picks up the rod, and starts to reel it in.
Foot dragging, freezing, and so forth, are all appropriate symptoms.
Foot falling asleep Lucky foot can sleep all the time.
Foot forms more of a platform and rigid shape without opposable toe.
Foot goes from clammy and cold to red and hot.
Foot goes through case.
Foot grounders with shin band.
Foot is available in colors.
Foot is from a replica mounted in Western Colorado's Dinosaur Valley, Grand Junction, Colorado.
Foot is hatchet-like, used for burrowing in sand by digging.
Foot isa body part.
Foot licking in atopics can begin at a very young age, perhaps younger than previously published.
Foot lies low in the insole.
Foot observe upon many case though attempt prevention magazine.
Foot plays an important role in the blood circulation.
Foot reads beside the trace and employ apartments in winder.
Foot reads beside the trace and employ fha.
Foot reads beside the trace and employ frankfort apartments.
Foot reads beside the trace and employ Iowa real estate.
Foot reads beside the trace and employ storage management in los angeles.
Foot reads beside the trace and employ sunny isles real estate.
Foot rot and jock itch are significant problems.
Foot rot symptoms usually appear on the stem near the soil surface as bluish black discolorations.
Foot shackle key opens foot shackle, handcuff keys open handcuff as one does expect.
FOOT stands for truth.
Foot stink comes when bacteria starts munching on the body's perspiration.
Foot sweep with elbow follow-through.
Foot switch with adjustable speed limiter.
Foot switches on either side of the casting platform are the stop and go buttons for the motor.
Foot trails direction and length are approximate.
Foot Trails Hiking the refuge is most pleasant during the fall, winter, and early spring.
Foot turn out.
Foot wear with the ball or represent peru.
Foot write with lots wrist because merchant alfa laval.
Foots are appendages.
Foots are body parts.
Foots are bottoms.
Foots are capable of walks.
Foots are located in boots.
Foots are located in desks.
Foots are located in floors.
Foots are located in graves.
Foots are located in ground.
Foots are located in offices.
Foots are located in shoes.
Foots are located in socks.
Foots are located in tables.
Foots are located in yards.
Foots are measurements.
Foots are organs.
Foots are part of bodies.
Foots are part of chairs.
Foots are part of homos.
Foots are part of human bodies.
Foots are part of invertebrates.
Foots are part of legs.
Foots are part of miles.
Foots are part of yards.
Foots are secret agents.
Foots are support.
Foots are units of measurement.
Foots are used for dancing.
Foots are used for foot massagings.
Foots are used for kicking.
Foots are used for measuring.
Foots are used for movement.
Foots are used for running.
Foots are used for sprintings.
Foots are used for standing.
Foots are used for walking.
Foots are used for walks.
Foots are walks.
Feet often are flat.
Feet often expand a little through life and even during the day.
Feet often smell on long flights also.
Feet often swell on long flights and many passengers remove their shoes for comfort.
Feet usually become cold due to restrictive blood flow.
All feet are different, so just about any boot is apt to rub a few folks in the wrong place.
All feet are shod in branded sneakers.
All feet are susceptible, but most often the weight-bearing front feet are affected.
All feet have four digits.
Any foot can become affected, but the condition is more common in the forelegs.
Any foot turning in or out is a fault .
Every foot needs a boot in the winter time, click here.
Many feet have musical qualities, and are so named for their bird-like calls.
Most feet act as anchors.
Most feet are flexible.
Most feet come in contact.
Most feet congratulate occasionally, though the feet off whatever wealth represent.
Most feet consist of toes.
Most feet have big toes.
Most feet have blood flow surfaces.
Most feet have bones.
Most feet have brown spots.
Most feet have claw digits.
Most feet have claw toes.
Most feet have digits.
Most feet have inner structures.
Most feet have layers.
Most feet have muscles.
Most feet have nails.
Most feet have nerves.
Most feet have point toes.
Most feet have skin.
Most feet have soles.
Most feet have spots.
Most feet have structures.
Most feet have surfaces.
Most feet have toe toes.
Most feet have toenails.
Most feet have toes that splay out like a duck's foot does.
Most feet have toes.
Most feet measure length.
Most feet move creatures.
Some feet absorb nutrients.
Some feet absorb water.
Some feet act as rudders.
Some feet act like snowshoes.
Some feet appear in films.
Some feet are flexible while others are very stiff.
Some feet are near heads.
Some feet are part of bodies.
Some feet are part of humanity.
Some feet are part of humans.
Some feet are part of legs.
Some feet are tough to fit, and some biomechanics are tricky to support.
Some feet become weapons.
Some feet bury in sand.
Some feet can sing lullabies . . .
Some feet cause damage.
Some feet cause serious damage.
Some feet cause vehicle damage.
Some feet consist of tendons.
Some feet contain muscles.
Some feet cover with fur.
Some feet deliver poison.
Some feet deliver venom.
Some feet discourage honey badgers.
Some feet emerge from intact shells.
Some feet emerge from shells.
Some feet end in claws.
Some feet end in strong claws.
Some feet extend beyond short tails.
Some feet extend beyond tails.
Some feet fill with water.
Some feet have a tendency to sweat profusely.
Some feet have bulbs.
Some feet have characteristics.
Some feet have claws.
Some feet have cups.
Some feet have disks.
Some feet have feathers.
Some feet have feet.
Some feet have fleshy pads.
Some feet have foot pads.
Some feet have fronts.
Some feet have glands.
Some feet have hoofs.
Some feet have large claws.
Some feet have long claws.
Some feet have oval pads.
Some feet have pads.
Some feet have rubbery pads.
Some feet have sharp claws.
Some feet have sharp talons.
Some feet have sneakers or sandals already attached inside.
Some feet have soft pads.
Some feet have strong claws.
Some feet have talons.
Some feet have tips.
Some feet look like feet, some look more functional.
Some feet look like tongues.
Some feet mimic the anatomic structure of the foot.
Some feet move in waves.
Some feet sweat more than others and are more prone to athlete's foot.
Some foot avoid most forgiven central train.
Some foot play.
Some foot tusks look like horns.
Footage also includes mountains, glaciers, and other scenery.
Footage contains violent images and graphic language.
Footage covers wide aerials of the track and race and tight shots of the cars competing.
Footage includes aerial stunts and other amazing tricks.
Footage includes buildings, tents, dummies, and snowmachines being hit by powderblast.
Footage includes cooking demonstration in CSUS food laboratory.
Footage includes encounters with bears, skunks, javelina, elk, and rattlesnakes.
Footage includes mothers and babies, males and social groups.
Footage includes preparation and launch of the nearly half-sized prototype.
Footage includes spectacular breaching and feeding behaviors.
Footage includes the killing and cooking of monkeys as well as the capture of other wild animals.
Footage includes the massacre of mourners at a mass funeral by Indonesian troops.
Footage includes violent storms, tornadoes, and hurricanes.
Footage is a film
Footage is available on a non-exclusive basis for use in a single, specified production or project.
Footage is captured by both eyes creating a three-dimensional effect.
Footage is cut into gameplay to help guide the story.
Footage is determined based on rough thickness prior to milling.
Footage is films.
Footage is from museums and military bases.
Footage is from several Wisconsin fish processing plants.
Footage is priced by the second.
Footage is provided by local television stations.
Footage is rates.
Footage is transmitted to the office for study via the Internet.
Footage showing overweight, aggressive BDNF-deprived mice in action is available.
Footage shown at midday is more likely to be used again in the evening news.
Footage shows a gazelle that is fast and strong enough to evade a cheetah.
Footage shows arrests being made while worshippers chant slogans in unison from behind a fence.
Footage shows human skeletons, many of children under the age of twelve.
Footage uses illustrations and was shot at extruder manufacturers.
Footage uses the latest forward-looking infrared radar technology.
All footage is exclusive.
All footage is from Mount Rainier National Park.
All footage is from the Province of New Brunswick.
More footage exists in the vaults.
Every football card is identified by year, manufacturer, size, format, team, and player.
Football clubs can make good people do bad things.
Football clubs know how to keep creditors at bay.
Football clubs know to keep creditors at bay.
Football clubs start to act like ordinary companies on the market.
A football coach is a manager
Football coaches are a superstitious lot.
Football coaches are like generals.
Football coaches are people, too.
Football coaches are reluctant to try different combinations.
Football coaches can get away with some coachspeak because of the technical nature of the game.
Football coaches elevate the practice of poor-mouthing to an art form.
Football coaches go to schools across the country to they evaluate players.
Football coaches have a unique ability to take a simple proposition and turn it into trigonometry.
Football coaches talk in a funny language.
Football coachs are coachs.
All football coaches are territorial, and hate to have anybody on their field.
Every football coach says it.
Football days bring a sea of maroon and white tailgaters to town.
Football fans are a very unrealistic breed.
Football fans are by far the loudest and most obnoxious.
Football fans are in shock.
Football fans are most punctilious about honouring their heroic dead.
Football fans attend games in rain, sleet, snow or sun.
Football fans can listen to the streams through the league's Web site and individual teams' sites.
Football fans deliver football ratings.
Football fans get information here before it hits the TV, radio, or newspaper.
Football fans have two teams in the Valley to follow.
Football fans know all the ins and outs of touchdowns and rushes.
Football fans love to be armchair quarterbacks.
Football fans start by having an early party in the parking lot.
Football fans tailgate before the game.
Any football fan is familiar with the sight of two players crashing into each other at full speed.
Any football fan knows that training camp is underway for local gridiron heroes.
Many football fans are women.
Many football fans argue that the game is somehow above consumerism, outside industry.
Many football fans think Tampa Bay has all the right ingredients.
Some football fans organize into betting pools.
A football field is a field
Football field is at the middle school campus.
Football fields are down past the baseball fields.
A football game is a contact sport
Football game breaks out.
Football games are a topic of every conversation.
Football games are another aquatic choice.
Football games are even more unpredictable than trials, yet they have plans too.
Football games are programs.
Football games are the best down there.
Football games offer an easy venue and ready-made audience for additional band performances.
Football games take place on the pitch by the South Light.
Football games take three hours on television.
Every football game is a display of spirit and enthusiasm.
Some football games focus on fields.
Football heads are also great for bottom-bouncing in flowing water.
A football helmet is a helmet
Football helmets are the first lines of defense in preventing injuries on the field.
Football hooligans riot in central London.
A football official is an official
Football officials are fond of saying rugby league journalists write match reports in advance.
Football officials are officials.
Football officials are tough to recruit though, even though it is easier to do than basketball.
Football officials know when to expect a deep pass or a quarterback sneak.
Football pitches are also available for hire.
Football play is play
Football plays are so bang-bang.
A football player is a player
A football player is an athlete
Football player continues to play regardless of injury.
Football players are a very resilient group.
Football players are athletes and role models to an extent.
Football players are athletes.
Football players are aware of events, too.
Football players are capable of huddles.
Football players are capable of practice.
Football players are football players regardless of which level at which they play.
Football players are football players, and coaches are coaches.
Football players are most likely to sustain a brain injury, according to the researchers.
Football players are normal people.
Football players are part of football teams.
Football players are players.
Football players are really hard at work.
Football players are workers.
Football players can leave a program and pay money.
Football players can wear short sleeve jumpers and long sleeve jumpers.
Football players change their routine.
Football players claim to have short memories, but some losses are hard to forget.
Football players come in all shapes, colors and sizes.
Football players do their own special strut after scoring.
Football players get air when going up high to snag a pass.
Football players go out quickly with a bang and a surgeon's knife.
Football players go to war.
Football players have a love and a hate relationship.
Football players have to work hard all year to be successful at their sport.
Football players huddle before each play they make on the playing field.
Football players learn to deal with injuries early.
Football players learn to never show pain, no matter how hard the hit.
Football players make football plays.
Football players perform once a week.
Football players preform in front of thousands of frenzied, shrieking fans in plush stadiums.
Football players protect wealth.
Football players reach a summit, then say goodbye, only for another set of champions to emerge.
Football players shift weight.
Football players sign autographs for their fans.
Football players take to the tennis court.
Football players talk about confidence all the time.
Football players throw their backs into the play.
Football players wear a helmet and several pads.
Football players wear helmets.
Football players wear state of the art helmets, padding and other protective equipment.
Any football player appreciates that.
Every football player has the same dream growing up.
Every football player wants to go to a bowl.
Most football players compete in baseball or track and field to keep busy during the spring.
Most football players protect wealth.
Most football players shift weight.
Some football players are amateurs.
Some football players are big and powerful, but others are small and fast.
Some football players are satisfied making tackles that rattle bones.
Some football players play with great enthusiasm.
Some football players suffer back, neck, hip, knee, ankle, and foot injuries.
Some football players take classes to get muscles.
Some football players turn actors.
Some football players turn successful actors.
Some football players use forces.
Football pools are for wimps.
Football programs tend to be at the top in terms of general income.
Football programs travel different paths to success.
Most football programs take conditioning seriously.
Football review seems to be the students' favorite.
Football rules prohibit ramming.
Football scholarships are very difficult for a college of our size.
A football season is a season
Football season begins.
Football season features a game highlight tape each week.
Football season is a main part of the school year.
Football season is about to begin.
Football season is five months away, but there is good news.
Football season is football season.
Football season is gone.
Football season is here.
Football season is in full swing and the Deacs are much improved.
Football season is just around the corner.
Football season is officially over now.
Football season is over, and the pitchers report to most of their camps in two weeks.
Football season is right around the corner.
Football season is still more than two months away.
Football season is under way.
Football season is well under way.
Football season starts in a few weeks.
Football seasons are seasons.
Football seasons looks to be the master category for a majority of the pages that are to be deleted.
Football season's over.
Football shirts are a good example.
A football stadium is a stadium
A football stadium is an athletic facility
Football stadium gets artificial turf.
Football stadiums are also generally the most symmetrical in terms of geometric layout.
Football stadiums are athletic facilities.
Football stadiums are stadiums.
Football stars do it.
A football team is a team
Football teams are also in.
Football teams are huge.
Football teams are located in universities.
Football teams are sports teams.
Football teams are teams.
Football teams can reach the final only when they play the league matches seriously.
Football teams grasp the justice of a coin flip when each side has an equal claim.
Football teams have personalities just like players.
Football teams have sponsors.
Football teams inspire a loyalty which is like a kind of patriotism.
Football teams say they're going to war together.
Every football team has a goalkeeper, six defenders, two midfielders and six forwards.
Every football team needs a quarterback, of course.
Most football teams show the greatest improvement from week to week two or three.
Some football teams play a ground game, while others prefer to go to the air a lot.
A football is a contact sport
Football accentuates that in a person's character.
Football alone takes three one-hour slots because it's so large.
Football also gives that portion of our brains that computes stats something to do.
Football also helps build good character.
Football also helps provide school spirit, and extra curricular actives for all students.
Football also helps to set the social atmosphere for students, with the pep rallies and homecoming.
Football also is extremely popular in U.S. high schools.
Football also suffers from the singular fact of completely different teams for offense and defense.
Football asks a great deal from every individual on the team.
Football becomes a vehicle to help each player develop a faithful, consistent, goal-oriented life.
Football becomes much smaller.
Football becomes so much smaller.
Football begins in the fall when everything is dying.
Football begins in the fall, when everything is dying.
Football begins in the fall, when everything's dying.
Football belongs to the coach.
Football brings in the money.
Football can also create great rugby players.
Football can be a very complex game to play, yet a simple game to watch.
Football can be an emotional game in which big plays are celebrated by fans and players alike.
Football can be as fickle as love.
Football can be glorious and unfair, inspiring and spiteful, a joy and a punishment.
Football can be so cruel.
Football can contribute to the richness of our campus and community experience.
Football can do that to a group of teenagers.
Football can make the money.
Football can play an important role in fostering national pride and community spirit in Singapore.
Football can wait.
Football capitalizes on three fumbles to secure victory.
Football Check out guides to international countries, players and tournaments.
Football comes as a secondary thing.
Football comes to mind.
Football comes with a letter of authenticity.
Football competes in the Atlantic Central Athletic Conference.
Football consists of just first and second teams.
Football continues to change apace.
Football continues to throw everything out of whack.
Football creates community and image.
Football does a lot for high schools and the community they represent.
Football does bring in more money than other sports, but it also spends more than it makes.
Football does bring lots of money to Boulder merchants.
Football does dominate the lives of many.
Football does it.
Football does matter at West Point.
Football does something for a university nothing else does.
Football draws the largest number of corporate hospitality guests.
Football drops first conference game.
Football encourages beating the crap out of other players.
Football ends in the Spring.
Football equates to violence and boozing, stimulates pushing and shoving.
Football even has great titles for both the pro and college games.
Football flukes .
Football FSCC vs.
Football generates the money to support the athletic programs.
Football gets the most money.
Football gives way to wrestling, cross country gives way to indoor track.
Football goes in cycles.
Football goes through an enigmatic ritual every fall with prognostication.
Football goes with beer, silly.
Football has a beloved owner and an horrid team.
Football has a pension fund.
Football has a six division playoff format.
Football has a tenuous balance to maintain.
Football has a two-minute warning.
Football has a unique way of building leadership.
Football has as much priority as all the other sports.
Football has biases.
Football has big hits and murderous tackles.
Football has both cultural and social properties, and provides a good illustration of both.
Football has Hacksaw.
Football has it.
Football has many leagues of teams.
Football has no guaranteed contracts and hockey has guaranteed insurance for on-ice injuries only.
Football has nothing like it.
Football has one, and so does radio.
Football has owners.
Football has power to greatly appeal to people's national sentiments, compared with other sports.
Football has quarters.
Football has sudden-death overtime.
Football has the bomb.
Football has the sort of brand loyalty that most businesses can only dream about.
Football has the two minute warning.
Football has the two-minute warning.
Football has three downs.
Football has to carry a lot of other sports programs at the school.
Football has to end one way or another.
Football has to reach that level quick.
Football has two weeks of hype before the Super Bowl.
Football has yet to be invented - and castle crumbling is one of the most popular national sports.
Football head coaches and movie directors are two peas in a pod.
Football Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Football increasingly defines the seasonality of American life.
Football is a beautiful game.
Football is a brutal game.
Football is a brutal sport, and violent contact makes injuries inevitable.
Football is a case in point.
Football is a catalyst of sorts.
Football is a close second.
Football is a collision sport.
Football is a combative sport that calls upon all components of one's athleticism.
Football is a completely different story.
Football is a contact game.
Football is a contact sport.
Football is a cross between an art form and a science.
Football is a demanding sport that combines speed, agility, strength, and precision.
Football is a device of male dominance.
Football is a different game.
Football is a different story.
Football is a disciplined sport.
Football is a diverse group of athletes that love pain and glory at the same time.
Football is a dream to some.
Football is a fall activity which is, though time consuming, a short-term commitment.
Football is a feeling, maybe even a movement.
Football is a finite game.
Football is a full contact sport.
Football is a funny game.
Football is a gamble.
Football is a game designed to keep coal miners off the streets.
Football is a game of dealing with issues.
Football is a game of emotions, the kids truly have to learn how to win.
Football is a game of emotions.
Football is a game of fundamentals, such as, running, blocking, tackling, throwing and catching.
Football is a game of hard-hitting fast action.
Football is a game of inches moved forward, a game of struggle.
Football is a game of inches.
Football is a game of mental and physical toughness.
Football is a game of momentum.
Football is a game of numbers.
Football is a game of pageantry.
Football is a game of quickness more than a game of speed.
Football is a game of repetition.
Football is a game of short bursts of effort with very little extension of the joints.
Football is a game of systems, and a player can look good in one system and bad in another.
Football is a game of teamwork.
Football is a game of territory and strategy.
Football is a game played with passion.
Football is a game that is won with a number of outstanding players.
Football is a game that requires the constant conjuring of animosity.
Football is a game to enjoy and unite people.
Football is a game.
Football is a good start.
Football is a great game because of the many strategies involved on both offense and defense.
Football is a great game.
Football is a great platform to develop character traits and life skills.
Football is a great source for reflection for life's lessons.
Football is a great sport which can teach some good life lessons.
Football is a high-contact sport with head injuries being quite common.
Football is a hitting sport.
Football is a humble sport.
Football is a humbling game.
Football is a lot of starting and stopping.
Football is a machine.
Football is a man's game.
Football is a man's sport.
Football is a matter of short bursts and cutting.
Football is a memory-making machine.
Football is a multibillion-pound industry.
Football is a national obsession.
Football is a numbers game.
Football is a part of life there.
Football is a physical contact sport which was invented and designed for a man's body.
Football is a physical game.
Football is a physical sport.
Football is a plantation.
Football is a popular sport in Austria.
Football is a popular sport in the country recently , where the main sport is baseball .
Football is a popular sport in the country recently, where the main sport is baseball.
Football is a power hitting, crunching sport.
Football is a quarterback's world.
Football is a real sport.
Football is a rough game, and running back is a rough position.
Football is a rough, rough sport.
Football is a savage game.
Football is a senior-dominated game.
Football is a series of collisions and people get hurt.
Football is a serious thing.
Football is a short-lived dream.
Football is a special game.
Football is a sport and nothing more.
Football is a sport of grim attrition.
Football is a sport supremely suited to the television age.
Football is a sport that builds it.
Football is a sport that demands stability, especially on offense.
Football is a sport that requires speed, agility , quickness and strength .
Football is a sport where coaching is deemed the most important.
Football is a sport with a long tradition at U.S. universities, and it is a part of our culture.
Football is a strange business because it works in cycles.
Football is a strange game where expectations are high.
Football is a stressful game - and life in the dug out as a manager is no exception.
Football is a symbol that means that everyone can- at the same time, compete and live together.
Football is a team effort, it takes everyone working toward a common goal.
Football is a team game.
Football is a tough game.
Football is a tough, hard-hitting sport.
Football is a twentieth-century technological struggle.
Football is a unique blend of pure entertainment, sheer, physical prowess, and intellectual finesse.
Football is a unique sport in that there is no equivalent to it in women's athletics.
Football is a vehicle for life lessons.
Football is a very big deal around here.
Football is a very competitive industry.
Football is a very demanding sport.
Football is a very expensive sport.
Football is a very important part of our school and community.
Football is a very important part of the culture of the city.
Football is a very important subject in sociological, psychological and other researches.
Football is a very popular spectator sport.
Football is a very popular sport in Thailand.
Football is a very popular sport in which the Irish hold a great deal of national pride.
Football is a very small part of our lives.
Football is a very violent and emotional game played by huge people.
Football is a very visceral sport.
Football is a violent game, yet there is no fighting.
Football is a violent game.
Football is a waste anyway.
Football is a way of life in Texas.
Football is a wildly popular sport, from the high school to college to professional levels.
Football is a winter sport and is often played in very wet conditions.
Football is a wonderful game, but it's just a game.
Football is about as seductive as a stag party.
Football is about defense, too.
Football is about drinkin' beer, grilling out and jalapeno nachos.
Football is about intensity, and players are payed millions of dollars to play football.
Football is about match-ups and adjustments.
Football is about movement.
Football is about winning.
Football is accepted as a profession in European and Latin American countries.
Football is aggressive, immediate, full of tension.
Football is all about results, good or bad.
Football is all about team and all about winning.
Football is all about timing, conditioning and killer instinct.
Football is all rush, rush, rush.
Football is almost a religion in the City of Discovery.
Football is also a game without guile.
Football is also a team game that demands individual practice.
Football is also a true team sport.
Football is also a very exciting game.
Football is also an increasingly popular sport .
Football is also an increasingly popular sport.
Football is also popular.
Football is also the biggest revenue sport that athletic departments have.
Football is always difficult.
Football is an aggressive and violent sport.
Football is an emotional game.
Football is an exciting game, both to play and watch.
Football is an explosive sport.
Football is an impersonal game.
Football is an incredible game.
Football is an incredibly physical game played by incredibly physical people.
Football is an inherently dangerous activity that can result in serious injury or death.
Football is an international language.
Football is an opportunity to get an education.
Football is another matter.
Football is another popular sport in France .
Football is another popular sport in France.
Football is another story.
Football is arguably the most popular of professional U.S. sports.
Football is as much a part of college as late-night pizzas and road trips and keg parties.
Football is awesome.
Football is back and it is here to stay.
Football is back.
Football is better.
Football is big back there.
Football is big business.
Football is big here in the fall .
Football is big in Nebraska, and our players understand that.
Football is bigger now than it used to be.
Football is boring.
Football is brothers beating each other up in the backyard, violent and superficial.
Football is but a small part of all of our lives.
Football is by definition a sport wherein violent contact and injury are all too commonplace.
Football is by far Scotland's most popular spectator sport.
Football is by far the most common, with skiing probably second.
Football is by far the most popular sport in Sierra Leone .
Football is by far the most popular sport in Sierra Leone.
Football is by nature a rough sport, and unfortunately many players bring the roughness home.
Football is competition, but it's also entertainment.
Football is concerned with downs.
Football is cool.
Football is definitely a contact sport, demanding a lot of strength and a high threshold for pain.
Football is different from any other sport - it is almost like picking puppy dogs.
Football is difficult enough without having to deal with police.
Football is dropped.
Football is easy.
Football is entertainment for the fans.
Football is entertainment.
Football is even more violent than hockey.
Football is everything there.
Football is everything.
Football is exciting to watch.
Football is expensive and requires many players while involving only a small proportion of students.
Football is expensive.
Football is extremely criminal.
Football is fast, violent, and exciting.
Football is fool of surprises.
Football is football at any level.
Football is football, baseball is baseball and so on.
Football is football.
Football is for a season.
Football is full of meetings.
Football is fun again.
Football is fun for the thousands of loyal players that play or have played the game.
Football is fun to play and exciting to watch.
Football is fun to watch.
Football is fun.
Football is great, it's a great financial benefit.
Football is hard, hard, in fact.
Football is healthy now, but there are troubling signs.
Football is here.
Football is important here.
Football is impossible to watch.
Football is in full swing.
Football is in high gear.
Football is in the air.
Football is increasingly popular at Maine high schools.
Football is indeed a team sport.
Football is intended for men.
Football is just a game.
Football is just a pastime.
Football is just an avenue for doing that.
Football is just like that.
Football is just so exciting.
Football is kind of comical in some ways.
Football is kind of the same way.
Football is king at Florida.
Football is king by far.
Football is king here in Manhattan, and our rivalry has changed to reflect it.
Football is king.
Football is labor intensive and high attrition.
Football is largely the reason for that disparity, too.
Football is Life.
Football is like a religion in many small towns, and our area is no exception.
Football is like a second job.
Football is like a train wreck a lot of times.
Football is like being on the battlefield.
Football is like nuclear warfare.
Football is like sex , for men.
Football is like that sometimes.
Football is like that.
Football is live off of the dasherboards and glass.
Football is looked upon as dull and mystical.
Football is macho.
Football is massive down in Wales.
Football is more dangerous then marijuana, but football is legal.
Football is more mental than physical.
Football is more of a physical game.
Football is more popular than ever and means big business.
Football is much the same way.
Football is no different than any other sport.
Football is no exception.
Football is no longer a sport, it's a political scene.
Football is no longer only an American pastime.
Football is no stranger to such spookish behaviour.
Football is nothing without opinions.
Football is nothing.
Football is now, in the moment.
Football is of course the most widespread sport.
Football is off to another strong start.
Football is offered fall term, basketball and volleyball winter term, and softball spring term.
Football is on television.
Football is on the TV and in the papers every day and is a big part of everyone's life.
Football is on the verge of greatness.
Football is on.
Football is one of our favorite sports.
Football is one of the highest-risk sports as far as injuries per player hour.
Football is one of the most complicated sports on our great planet.
Football is one of the most exciting things, from a college standpoint.
Football is one of the things that the people here get totally obsessed about.
Football is one of the top sports in America.
Football is one reason.
Football is only a game.
Football is only a small bit of a student-athlete's life.
Football is only once a week.
Football is only part of what makes it great.
Football is our favorite sport.
Football is our national passion.
Football is out.
Football is over, but the boy's freshman team finished the season with respect.
Football is over.
Football is part of the celebrations.
Football is placed on the field with a soccer kick-off to start the game.
Football is played and patronised in almost all Islamic countries.
Football is played at every level, including college and professional teams.
Football is played at the South Campus.
Football is played by players for players.
Football is played distinctly in America and a little bit in Europe.
Football is played every weekend.
Football is played in a stadium.
Football is played in quick, anaerobic bursts.
Football is played in several planes of movement.
Football is played outdoors and requires strong skill, speed, and endurance to play.
Football is played with grace and athleticism.
Football is played, for the most part, during the afternoon, when kids can actually watch.
Football is popular and most large towns have modern stadia.
Football is popular and most large towns have modern stadiums.
Football is popular.
Football is present everywhere in Brazil.
Football is primarily hispanic.
Football is proud of the family feeling that the sport engenders.
Football is quite ancient and has existed in most every cultural group through time.
Football is relatively low-key in comparison, but is by no means unpopular.
Football is religion.
Football is rough game with a penalty for unnecessary roughness.
Football is run by men.
Football is second.
Football is similar.
Football is so dominating it is very difficult to cut down.
Football is so exciting to watch, but the problem is that there is only one winner.
Football is so important in Texas.
Football is so much fun.
Football is so redundant, it gets boring.
Football is something almost everyone can come together on here and support.
Football is still a game of blocking and tackling.
Football is still a participation sport.
Football is still a potential battle ground for political groups.
Football is strong down there.
Football is such a fun sport to watch.
Football is such a funny game.
Football is such a game of emotion.
Football is such a numbers game.
Football is such a physically demanding sport that many players' careers end quickly due to injury.
Football is such a physically demanding sport.
Football is such an emotional game.
Football is supposed to be fun.
Football is supposed to entertain people, but what happened last night has been horrific.
Football is team-oriented, and baseball is more one on one.
Football is terrible.
Football is the biggest and most expensive sport that our athletic departments have.
Football is the cornerstone of an athletic program.
Football is the focus of the day.
Football is the game of fiery oratory and adrenal overload.
Football is the hot sport at UVa.
Football is the language of the world.
Football is the last all-male major sport.
Football is the Liberian national sport.
Football is the logical alternative, obviously.
Football is the main sport of the month.
Football is the main sport, the most visible one.
Football is the major reason women get small pieces of the pie.
Football is the most academic of all games.
Football is the most expensive college sport, but it also generates the most revenue.
Football is the most interesting of all.
Football is the most popular national sport of Egypt.
Football is the most popular section for UK gamblers.
Football is the most popular spectator sport.
Football is the most popular sport among both boys and girls.
Football is the most popular sport and the national team is more than competent.
Football is the most popular sport in Albania.
Football is the most popular sport in Argentina.
Football is the most popular sport in Burma.
Football is the most popular sport in Germany .
Football is the most popular sport in Germany.
Football is the most popular sport in Northern Ireland both for watching and playing.
Football is the most popular sport in Norway.
Football is the most popular sport in Qatar, closely followed by cricket.
Football is the most popular sport in Scotland .
Football is the most popular sport in Scotland.
Football is the most popular sport in The Royal Scots.
Football is the most popular sport in Uruguay.
Football is the most popular sport in Yemen.
Football is the most popular sport in Zimbabwe.
Football is the most popular sport.
Football is the national game and Bahrain boasts an olympic-sized stadium.
Football is the national game and Bahrain has an olympic-sized stadium.
Football is the national sport in Uganda.
Football is the national sport.
Football is the number one national sport.
Football is the only real sport left.
Football is the only sport that had a relatively low response rate among athletes.
Football is the only sport where there is no equal for women.
Football is the only sure bet if a building materializes.
Football is the only Texas high school sport that crowns two champions in each class.
Football is the other major sport the cheerleaders participate in.
Football is the planet's biggest game, but in so many ways it's the stupidest and most pig-headed.
Football is the primary money-producing sport at most high schools.
Football is the same everywhere.
Football is the same thing.
Football is the sport with the biggest number of fans in the city .
Football is the sport with the biggest number of fans in the city.
Football is the ultimate team game, where continuity and rhythm are essential.
Football is the ultimate team game.
Football is the undisputed rainmaker, and it can ill afford to have that train fall off the track.
Football is the world's most popular sport.
Football is their job.
Football is their only business.
Football is too complex.
Football is too difficult for that.
Football is too expensive.
Football is too violent.
Football is very close to real life and it is a mirror of a society.
Football is very faddish.
Football is very important in Alabama.
Football is very popular too.
Football is very popular, as is kilikiti , a local version of cricket.
Football is very popular.
Football is very tough to beat.
Football is violent.
Football is war.
Football Is War.
Football is what European and Latin American call soccer.
Football is what they know.
Football is what they're going to play.
Football is, after all, entertainment.
Football is, obviously, a contact sport.
Football is, of course, a law unto itself.
Football is, of course, already well represented on the world wide web.
Football is, of course, both game and metaphor.
Football isa game.
Football isa sport.
Football lends a hand In Manchester, England, football is religion.
Football lends a unique character to a campus.
Football looms large.
Football makes all the other sports possible with all of the money that it brings in.
Football means Winter's Coming.
Football Meets No.
Football moves on.
Football needs to be played outside on natural grass.
Football needs to take the offensive against the wrong-doers.
Football offers advertisers a dependable way to reach the coveted demographic of young men.
Football offers another good parallel.
Football offers news and stats for both national and international teams.
Football only practices as a team five months a year.
Football picks every game day.
Football picks free sports picks picks.
Football picks from expert handicappers.
Football plays a vital part of the culture, linking campus and community.
Football promotes camaraderie and keeps the players active physically.
Football promotes oneness and friendship between individuals and countries.
Football provides a great opportunity for athletes to display and develop their character.
Football provides entertainment and conversation, and can even bring people together.
Football provides heroes.
Football puts it over the top.
Football Reading about the Olympics in other countries' newspapers is also fun.
Football really can be hell.
Football really draws the fans.
Football reflects certain primal urges in men that go all the way back to when they lived in caves.
Football reigns for thrilling evenings of regional rivalry.
Football remains auction houses' biggest sporting attraction.
Football remains important.
Football reports frae years ago.
Football requires a combination of strength, speed, quickness, leadership, desicions, and skill.
Football requires a discourse of rules in order to understand.
Football requires a polycarbonate shield on the helmet.
Football results All the latest collated football results.
Football results excellent.
Football returns to a city synonymous with tradition and excellence.
Football s a team thing.
Football s back.
Football s over.
Football show for youngsters.
Football spends an enormous amount of time appealing to the youth market.
Football still has a lot of that attitude in it.
Football still make house calls.
Football takes a lot of mental toughness.
Football takes sdmething out of a school.
Football teaches many lessons learned in life.
Football teaches students that perseverance and hard work are the tools of the goal-achiever.
Football teaches the self-discipline, hard work and sacrifice that are necessary to achieve a goal.
Football there is a silly parochial little game.
Football unites more than it divides.
Football wins and losses seem so irrelevant.
Football wins it.
Football worships the specialists.
Footballs are a way of life to some people and to others, they are just a waste of space.
Footballs are athletic events.
Footballs are balls.
Footballs are contact sports.
Footballs are fun.
Footballs are games.
Footballs are located in roofs.
Footballs are oblong.
Footballs are organized sports.
Footballs are physical activities.
Footballs are professional sports.
Footballs are projectiles.
Footballs are rounds.
Footballs are sports.
Footballs are still pigskin.
Footballs are used for exercising.
Footballs have (part) regulation time.
Footballs have (part) second periods.
Footballs take strange bounces.
Football usually takes precedence over golf.
All football is divided into three parts - the offense, defense and special teams.
Any football results.
Some footballs have energy.
Some footballs have gravitational energy.
Some footballs have gravitational potential energy.
Some footballs have green tints.
Some footballs have potential energy.
Some footballs have tints.
Some footballs incorporate rules.
A footballer is a player
A footballer is an athlete
Footballer faces trial on tackle.
Footballer isa athlete.
Footballer isa player.
Footballers appear to be the greatest culprits.
Footballers are about to face the prospect of being sacked.
Footballers are no different.
Footballers are particularly susceptible to knee injuries.
Footballers endure the same pressures, insecurities and anxieties as anyone else.
Footballers generally wear identifying numbers on the backs of their shirts.
Footballers have (part) arms.
Footballers have (part) body substances.
Footballers have (part) cell membranes.
Footballers have (part) cells.
Footballers have (part) corpi.
Footballers have (part) cytoplasm.
Footballers have (part) heads.
Footballers have (part) human bodies.
Footballers have (part) legs.
Footballers have (part) material bodies.
Footballers have (part) necks.
Footballers have (part) nuclei.
Footballers have (part) personality.
Footballers have (part) plasma membranes.
Footballers have (part) sections.
Footballers have (part) vacuoles.
Footballers have very high market value but for a very short period of time.
Footballers like to win trophies.
Footballers represent clubs.
Footballers show that it can be done.
Many footballers are nice guys doing a decent job well.
Most footballers represent clubs.
SOME footballers are born to lead, others grow into the leadership role.
Some footballers commit suicide.
Some footballers die after collisions.
Some footballers die from injuries.
Some footballers die from spinal injuries.
A footbridge is a bridge
Footbridges are bridges.
Footbridges cross a canal, and rooftops appear in the background.
Footbridges cross the river at various halfway points between the street entry points.
Footbridges wander over meandering creeks and offer views of the rugged surrounding mountains.
Footbridges often wash out.
All footbridges are in.
Footed base provides quick draining.
A footer is a linear measure
Footer appears here.
Footer consists of three images.
Footer holds a text box showing total number of tanks in list.
Footer link creation for robot indexing.
Footer link on every page.
Footer Make a footer appear in every file with just a simple html tag.
Footer Offers a choice from a list of preset footers.
Footer Represents the table's footer.
Footers Add recurring information to every slide with footers.
Footers are likely to be restricted to dealing with checksum and signature operations.
Footers are text that appears at the bottom of each of the report, except for the cover page.
Footers contain site contact information.
Footers now say the page was last updated at a date instead of the site.
All footers are standard throughout the site .
Footfall is sound
Footfalls echo in the memory.
Every footfall upsets the delicate web of interrelatedness between man and nature.
Foothill pines grow on serpentine, which is toxic to most vegetation.
Foothill trails are steep and quite slippery when wet.
A foothill is a hill
Foothills are hills.
Foothills Is the transition zone between prairie grasslands and the eastern side of the mountains.
Foothills lead from the central range to tablelands and coastal plains in the west and south.
Foothills now offers free web based e-mail access.
Foothills prairie with wheatgrasses, fescues, and needlegrass occurs in the drier valleys.
Foothills rise abruptly directly to the west of Portland.
A foothold is a zone
Footholds can be chips.
Footing alignment is done the same as the heading alignment.
Footing adds variety to mutual masturbation.
Footing are foundations.
Footing are status.
Footing becomes treacherous, and the slope left becomes very steep.
Footing can be difficult in parts.
Footing can be difficult without the proper footwear.
Footing can be irregular.
Footing can be somewhat difficult on steep portions due to loose shale rock.
Footing Drains Plugged Most contractors connect the roof downspouts to the footing drains.
Footing is a complex subject, and a source of controversy.
Footing is a critical factor.
Footing is almost always thick, fine dirt.
Footing is also critical on the foredeck.
Footing is an enormous cost.
Footing is an important consideration for sacrifice areas.
Footing is another important consideration for reducing mud.
Footing is bad, the spray is like ice pellets.
Footing is difficult and progress is slow.
Footing is especially difficult af ter a rain.
Footing is good to excellent.
Footing is irregular.
Footing is level and rigid and capable of supporting scaffold without settling.
Footing is loose and irregular and often wet in the easiest spots, dangerous in others.
Footing is on loose, frozen gravel.
Footing is precarious.
Footing is really important.
Footing is to the horse as the shoe is to the athlete.
Footing is tricky on the steep, smooth rock, and trail markers are sometimes hard to follow.
Footing is uneven throughout, although better than most trails.
Footing is unstable and slippery, especially when wet.
Footing is unsure, the stench oppressive, and the water stagnant.
Footing is usually good in the summer.
Footing remains very good at all times.
Footings anchor the home to ground, support the foundation, and distribute the weight of the house.
Footings are in place.
Footings are like tree roots.
Footings are of beef wood, lemon wood, purpleheart, hickory and birch.
Footings are what everything else is built on top of.
Footings emphasize the concept of parental authority.
Footings extend below frost line.
Footings give way and the tower of flesh slumps again.
Footings Identify spread and step footings.
Footless pantyhose sounds about as useful as a hat with no crown.
A footlocker is a trunk
Footlockers are convenient for both transporting and storing belongings.
Footloose industries are usually non-polluting and can locate close to residential areas.
Footloose industries have to locate close to research centres like unuversities.
Footloose industries locate in pleasant environments near transport routes and near the markets.
A footman is a servant
Footmen prepare to pass cavalry.
A footnote is a note
Footnotes acknowledge that the fact or opinion expressed comes from another writer.
Footnotes allow the reader to check sources and verify information.
Footnotes also accepts article submissions and reprints.
Footnotes annotate the gospel the characters seek.
Footnotes appear at document end in the article style and at every chapter end in the book style.
Footnotes appear at end of document.
Footnotes appear at the bottom of each page.
Footnotes appear at the bottom of pages where their markers occur.
Footnotes appear at the bottom of the page on which the citation appears.
Footnotes appear at the bottom of the page on which the sentence being cited is written.
Footnotes appear at the bottom of the page on which the source is cited.
Footnotes appear at the bottom of the page they're referenced from.
Footnotes appear at the bottom of the page where the note number has been indicated in the text.
Footnotes appear at the bottom of the page.
Footnotes appear at the bottom of the table, in the same size text as the body of the table.
Footnotes appear at the end of chapters.
Footnotes appear at the end of each file and are separately accessible through HTML tags.
Footnotes appear at the end of each page in a document.
Footnotes appear at the end of each section.
Footnotes appear at the end of the section in which they are referenced.
Footnotes appear citing the appropriate literature.
Footnotes appear in brackets at the reference point in the text.
Footnotes appear in brackets at the reference points in the text.
Footnotes appear in popup windows throughout the text for easy reference.
Footnotes appear in the text as hot links as well.
Footnotes appear next to each piece and are assigned to specific artists.
Footnotes appear on reverse.
Footnotes appear on the following page.
Footnotes are a breeze.
Footnotes are a typical example.
Footnotes are a wonderful device.
Footnotes are acceptable in tables if correctly done and used sparingly.
Footnotes are also valuable.
Footnotes are apparently necessary as well.
Footnotes are at the bottom.
Footnotes are at the end of each section.
Footnotes are at the end of the page.
Footnotes are back.
Footnotes are bad.
Footnotes are beyond excessive, piling up at the bottom of virtually every page but for good reason.
Footnotes are by the editors.
Footnotes are citations within a document that appear as a footer at the bottom of each page.
Footnotes are comments by various editors who had rejected the manuscript.
Footnotes are comments rather than references.
Footnotes are conspicuous by their absence on the Web.
Footnotes are difficult to place well.
Footnotes are double-spaced and placed at the end.
Footnotes are dual text in Swedish and Latin.
Footnotes are easy to produce.
Footnotes are excellent guides to additional or more complete source material.
Footnotes are forms of documentation that appear at the foot of the page.
Footnotes are free.
Footnotes are from the original Russian edition.
Footnotes are handled easily.
Footnotes are helpful.
Footnotes are in a separate document.
Footnotes are in brackets.
Footnotes are in hypertext.
Footnotes are in italics.
Footnotes are in the back of the schedule.
Footnotes are in the original.
Footnotes are less obtrusive and provide more leeway for comprehensive explanation.
Footnotes are no longer a frustrating manual effort.
Footnotes are non-concatenated .
Footnotes are notes displayed at the bottom of the page attached to the main text by a number.
Footnotes are notes.
Footnotes are often informative.
Footnotes are on a separate page.
Footnotes are on the last page.
Footnotes are only acceptable if they are very short.
Footnotes are optional, but list references in sequence.
Footnotes are optional.
Footnotes are particularly helpful as springboards for research.
Footnotes are preferred, although endnotes are acceptable.
Footnotes are preferred.
Footnotes are single-spaced and numbered continuously for each chapter or for the entire work.
Footnotes are strongly preferred over endnotes.
Footnotes are sufficient.
Footnotes are the preferred format.
Footnotes are thorough.
Footnotes are to be automated.
Footnotes are to be avoided.
Footnotes are to be included at the bottom of each page.
Footnotes are to be kept to a minimum, and used only for substantive observations.
Footnotes are to be kept to an absolute minimum.
Footnotes are to be limited to substantive observations only.
Footnotes are to be numbered consecutively and placed at the end of the text.
Footnotes are to be numbered consecutively and referred to in the text by cardinal numbers.
Footnotes are to be numbered consecutively through the article with a raised numeral.
Footnotes are to be numbered consecutively throughout the text with superscript Arabic numerals.
Footnotes are to be numbered continuously.
Footnotes are to be typed double-spaced and placed together at the end of the manuscript.
Footnotes are to be used only for substantive observation.
Footnotes are to be used only for substantive observations.
Footnotes are unimportant.
Footnotes are usually divided from the text with a two-inch line.
Footnotes break up the continuity of the argument and are annoying to the reader.
Footnotes call attention to places where there was uncertainty about what the original text was.
Footnotes can also appear in a table.
Footnotes can be a great help.
Footnotes can be especially time consuming.
Footnotes can be open or closed by simply clicking in the box.
Footnotes can relate to either the data or geography being presented.
Footnotes cite the cases and statutes that have been used as the basis of discussion for the topics.
Footnotes citing additional publications can also lead to additional useful sources.
Footnotes contain citations to important reported cases.
Footnotes contain links to related cases.
Footnotes display as superscript numbers to the data.
Footnotes document the source of information included in the provenance.
Footnotes end with a full-stop, unless they happen to end with a question mark or exclamation mark.
Footnotes end with periods.
Footnotes explain difficult grammatical or colloquial material.
Footnotes explain important details.
Footnotes explain references unfamiliar to non-Dutch readers.
Footnotes explain significant text variants and provide helpful historical information.
Footnotes explain some of the more cryptic entries.
Footnotes explain that such alterations have been made.
Footnotes file misnamed and has nondescriptive title.
Footnotes file untitled and misnamed.
Footnotes follow main text as a separate section.
Footnotes give references to many useful books and articles on the topics discussed.
Footnotes give the sources of the information in the article.
Footnotes go here.
Footnotes have a second, even more important role, as well.
Footnotes have many uses, one of which is to note to substitute for text.
Footnotes have no reverse button.
Footnotes have no title.
Footnotes identify introduced and suspected species.
Footnotes indicate how other ancient authorities read.
Footnotes indicate limited planning authority.
Footnotes indicate sources of statistical data.
Footnotes indicate the original notation.
Footnotes indicate the retired dates.
Footnotes indicate, for example, products available as analyte specific reagents.
Footnotes nicely document the information offered.
Footnotes provide additional commentary to the narrative.
Footnotes provide additional information.
Footnotes provide case citations for further study.
Footnotes provide cites to court decisions.
Footnotes provide clarification and brief commentary on verses as appropriate.
Footnotes provide clarification and commentary as appropriate.
Footnotes provide detailed information on the topic being covered in the text.
Footnotes provide excellent leads .
Footnotes provide references to relevant cases, statutes and related material.
Footnotes refer to specific passages or pages, while bibliographies cite an entire work.
Footnotes remain footnotes, referring to primary sources.
Footnotes See department for placement tests required prior to registration.
Footnotes See specimen page for style and layout.
Footnotes sort out fact from fiction and provide insights into the game's complex, realistic world.
Footnotes support dates and facts.
Footnotes take over the novel.
Footnotes trace a kind of paper trail for future hunters to follow.
Footnotes Try to avoid footnotes - they are very tedious for editors and typesetters.
Footnotes Use the software's method for producing footnotes.
Footnotes often appear in scholarly journals and textbooks.
All footnotes appear to the left of each section.
All footnotes are accessible by clicking on the numbers themselves, and can also be accessed here .
All footnotes are additions to the original manuscript.
All footnotes are by the editors.
All footnotes are by the translators or editors.
All footnotes are inserted at the point of reference within paragraphs.
All footnotes are the editor's unless indicated otherwise.
All footnotes are to appear at the end of the text.
Every footnote references the same, online version of said book.
More footnotes go here.
More footnotes just mean more pages to print.
Some footnotes also have humorous overtones.
Footnoted citations reference major court decisions.
A footpad is a thief
Footpad allows use of strong leg muscles to penetrate sod and soil.
Footpads are almost always separate, especially on big bears.
Footpads are are flesh, and ears are either white or pink.
Footpads are subject to constant deformation.
A footpath is a path
Footpath isa artifact.
Footpaths are a treasure worth saving.
Footpaths are also for driving motorcycles.
Footpaths are closed.
Footpaths are different for everyone.
Footpaths are everywhere.
Footpaths are for walkers only.
Footpaths are narrow and the jagged coral rocks are razor sharp.
Footpaths are narrow, and there is little space on roads for bicycles.
Footpaths are out of bounds.
Footpaths connect all the houses and the common spaces through the meadows and woods.
Footpaths crisscross the whole area.
Footpaths cross the area from almost every direction.
Footpaths fill with folk.
Footpaths generally show the most direct route between two points.
Footpaths have (part) readsides.
Footpaths have (part) sections.
Footpaths lead from the main street to the beach at every block.
Footpaths lead through the marshes.
Footpaths leading onto farmland are closed.
Footpaths normally lead uphill and inland, while many roads parallel coastlines.
Footpaths provide access to fishing areas around the lake.
Footpaths radiate from every town, and public ways cross farmland and estates.
All footpaths are closed and so is the forest.
All footpaths are now open.
Most footpaths are closed.
Most footpaths are off limits.
Most footpaths remain closed.
Some footpaths are now open, but some remain closed .
A footplate is a platform
Footplates are adjustable in height and angle.
Footplates are part of locomotives.
Footplates are platforms.
Footplates flip-up, composite with heel loops.
Footplates protect floor covering, spread the load and can anchor shelving to the floor.
A footprint is a mark
Footprint also determines the best routing for the user's response.
Footprint also works seamlessly with caches, delivering fresh content to users around the globe.
Footprint are an independant British publisher based in Bath.
Footprint are the 'numero uno' publishers of travel guides to Latin America.
Footprint Follows nonintrusively the tracks of humans in space and analyzes their behavior.
Footprint is a critical factor to the cost of deploying any networking equipment.
Footprint is an independent publishing company based in the world heritage city of Bath, England.
Footprint isa indication.
Footprint lying down after a walk across a lawn is another indication the grass has started to wilt.
Footprint watch About the same as last week.
Footprint watch Pretty much the same as last week.
FootPrints also makes it easy for the development team to collaborate with our other departments.
Footprints also offers another advantage by preserving the privacy of the shopper.
Footprints are areas.
Footprints are clearly visible in the foreground.
Footprints are especially useful when combined with other fields of palaeobiology.
Footprints are important for infant identification and as an abduction prevention measure.
Footprints are located in ground.
Footprints are located in moons.
Footprints are located in roofs.
Footprints are located in rugs.
Footprints are marks.
Footprints are most likely to be created between cycles of deposition.
Footprints are nowhere to be found, and the grass has a bland appearance.
Footprints are optional accessories sold seperately.
Footprints are real.
Footprints are the most important tell-tale.
Footprints are the size of an elephant and has three toes or claw marks.
Footprints are traces.
Footprints are very common in the area as well.
Footprints can also leave imprint fossils.
Footprints can tell how big it was.
Footprints cover most of the area.
Footprints currently come in child's sizes only.
Footprints damage the tracks laid out by the grooming machine.
Footprints define a line of flight.
Footprints disappear quickly.
Footprints Draw round feet, then let children cut out and paint.
Footprints indicate the presence of large ornithopods and pterosaurs as well.
Footprints is a giant leap ahead of current tracking techniques.
Footprints is an educational Podiatric journal with a statewide and national circulation.
Footprints is the cross stitch that has typically been completed for co-workers.
Footprints lead away.
Footprints leading from the wagon toward the camera reveal the photographer's path.
Footprints mark the path where soldiers once tramped.
Footprints prove, however, that the horseshoe crab arrived at the lifeless bottom alive and kicking.
Footprints refers to children conceived out of wedlock.
Footprints remain clearly in the lawn, which indicates that watering is needed.
Footprints remain in the turf after walking across it.
Footprints require special care when being photographed.
Footprints run from small to larger than a dog's.
Footprints show differences sizes so they went in a group.
Footprints show easily and the carpet color looks different in one place than it does in another.
Footprints tell much more.
Footprints tell of two men who left two days ago.
All footprints are vacuum formed in natural-colored, high impact plastic.
Footstand adjustment Adjusts the angle of the phone base.
Footstep is a step
Footstep is steps.
Footstep isa sound.
Footsteps add an additional unnecessary sound cue which makes stealth almost impossible.
Footsteps approach from the hall outside, pause at the doorway, and enter.
Footsteps are heard in the fog, there is a shriek, a splash, and the footsteps fade away.
Footsteps are more audible on certain kinds of floors than others, which is a nice touch of realism.
Footsteps clatter across the stone, women approach to mourn, bearing spices to leaven the dead.
Footsteps creak across the low ceiling overhead.
Footsteps cross towards the blinking light.
Footsteps echo down the corridor.
Footsteps echo down the hallway outside, and everyone tenses.
Footsteps echo in the corridor.
Footsteps echo in the hallway.
Footsteps echo on the marble floor.
Footsteps echo on the stairs.
Footsteps fall silent here.
Footsteps fall, pounding down the basement stairs.
Footsteps follow, across the hollow, dark downstairs, up the back steps, into the bathroom.
Footsteps go by outside.
Footsteps indicate two or three people are busy there.
Footsteps pound on the deck and echo through the hull.
Footsteps remains as tenant on a month to month basis.
Footsteps softly approach from the left and gradually get louder.
Footsteps sound different on different surfaces, as do bullet ricochets and weapon sounds.
Footsteps sound on the stairs.
Footsteps squeaked on the snow, and it's the only time jeans rubbing together sounded like corduroy.
Footsteps start up again.
Footsteps stop and start.
All footsteps retire.
Every footstep is preprogrammed and the result of a lifetime of learning.
More footsteps approach.
All footstool finishes match our rocker finishes.
Footwear designers help style.
Footwear form is required on all footwear.
Footwear prescriptions are conservative, or non-surgical, methods of addressing foot problems.
Footwear allows people to walk on rough surfaces such as gravel roads without hurting their feet .
Footwear allows people to walk on rough surfaces such as gravel roads without hurting their feet.
Footwear can be either soccer or soft-soled tennis shoes.
Footwear can be rubber boots or wet suit booties.
Footwear can play a crucial role in maintenance, healing and prevention.
Footwear comes first.
Footwear epitomises the variety of Antarctic activities and conditions.
Footwear has (part) sections.
Footwear has good traction.
Footwear has traction.
Footwear includes dainty shoes and fancy embroidered or embossed leather cowboy boots.
Footwear includes delicate high-heeled sandals, wedges or flats with a slightly pointed toe.
Footwear includes foot grounders, shoes or booties.
Footwear includes short boots with puttees or high boots.
Footwear is a classic problem in Japan.
Footwear is a clothing
Footwear is a matter of personal choice.
Footwear is a natural complement to any fashion site and a natural category for any shopping portal.
Footwear is a very personal purchase that contains many variables.
Footwear is also important when using a walker.
Footwear is black.
Footwear is clothing.
Footwear is commensurate with the skis.
Footwear is covering.
Footwear is extremely important.
Footwear is important.
Footwear is key.
Footwear is less likely if they have digitigrade feet.
Footwear is made on a last - a form usually made from wood.
Footwear is mandatory.
Footwear is one of the most important aspect of a hiking trip.
Footwear is only available for exchange in unworn condition.
Footwear is optional.
Footwear is particularly attractive for computing.
Footwear is particularly important to have cleaned and disinfected.
Footwear is particularly important.
Footwear is the most vulnerable.
Footwear is the second-most critical item to consider for a fun cave trip.
Footwear is to be worn.
Footwear is usually some type of runner, preferably with some grip.
Footwear is very important.
Footwear isa clothes.
Footwear isa clothing.
Footwear tends to be manufactured in natural rubber producing countries .
Footwear sometimes plays an important role.
All footwear is to be named.
Most footwear has good traction.
Most footwear has traction.
Footwell lights illuminate under the instrument panel on both the driver and passenger side.
A footwork is play
Footwork affects two of the three.
Footwork can also be good for the head.
Footwork involves marching, pivoting and bouncing.
Footwork is a key for keepers.
Footwork is a mixture of dance-related steps and traditional movements at different speeds.
Footwork is accompanied by hip swaying, arm swinging and finger-snapping.
Footwork is another way to highlight rhythm in dance.
Footwork is articulated in hundreds of styles.
Footwork is critical in determining how a keeper can play a ball.
Footwork is critical to any epee strategy.
Footwork is emphasized with player opening up sideways to make a quick exchange and release.
Footwork is generally highly patterned and complex, with tempos that are generally quit fast.
Footwork is key in kicking.
Footwork is light and catlike.
Footwork is made in a more upright and off-balance position.
Footwork is probably more important than catching for a good keeper.
Footwork is probably the best bet.
Footwork is realy tricky, especially for middle blockers.
Footwork is simple but effective.
Footwork is still critical because it dictates body position.
Footwork is the key to mobility and speed for any goaltender.
Footwork is the next and least practiced.
Footwork is the same for men and women.
Footwork is the same for the man and the lady.
Footwork is very important.
Footwork needs improving.
Footwork plays an important part in each of the four ways of fighting.
Footwork remains the same.
Footwork requires strong leg muscles and stability.
Footwork stimulates the nervous system and improves coordination.
Footworks are maneuvers.
FOQA statistics give a quasi immediate answer through access to a large database.
Fors denka kon em nemond henka.
Fors is a business finance major with a minor in real estate and marketing.
Fors urges presenters to do their research in small groups.
Forage analysis is important for designing dairy nutrition programs.
Forage crops are essential to Northeast agriculture.
Forage crops are much more salt tolerant than cereal and oilseed crops.
Forage crops continue to suffer under the dry conditions.
Forage crops protect and improve the soil.
Most forage crops are grasses and legumes.
Most forage crops are perennials, but others are annuals.
Most forage crops decline in nutritive value as they mature.
Most forage crops develop large numbers of small roots close to the soil surface.
Most forage crops do well in a soil testing in a range somewhat lower.
Forage fish are a key component of the marine ecosystem in Washington.
Forage fish are an important and abundant fish species in Washington.
Forage fish are short-lived, and go mostly unnoticed by humans.
Forage fish are small fish which are preyed on by larger predators for food.
Forage fish compensate for their small size by forming schools.
Forage fish is a fisheries term, and is used in the context of fisheries.
Forage fish occupy central positions in the ocean food webs .
Most forage fish are filter feeders.
Forage grasses are subject to a multitude of leaf, stem, floral, and root diseases.
Forage grasses differ in their ability to suppress Canada thistle.
Most forage harvesters have a built-in knife sharpener.
Forage maize has potential issues for sweetcorn - but there are barriers.
Forage can include, shiners, chubs, suckers, perch and walleye.
Forage can provide a viable alternative to herbicide inputs.
Forage can remain covered for longer periods without problems.
Forage consists of both plant and animal material.
Forage generates more heat than a grain ration, thereby contributing to reduced intake.
Forage grows back with renewed vigor following the broilers.
Forage has outstanding palatability for grazing and harvested forage.
Forage is a search
Forage is abundant and includes the spottail shiner, goldeneye, perch, and emerald shiner.
Forage is all browse and herbage that is available and acceptable to grazing animals.
Forage is an important part of the animal's diet.
Forage is assumed to be offered free-choice.
Forage is available throughout most of the dry season when other sources are scarce.
Forage is big so go big with the baits.
Forage is critical in dairy diets.
Forage is defined as alfalfa, grasses and grains cut for hay.
Forage is extremely important to the health of the dairy cow.
Forage is generally more palatable, nutritious and more abundant after a burn.
Forage is green leafy plants.
Forage is harvested and stored during periods of rapid, excess growth and fed during stress periods.
Forage is harvested and weighed at regular intervals.
Forage is highly palatable and nutritions.
Forage is highly palatable and nutritious before it matures.
Forage is limited so take supplemental, pelletized feed.
Forage is limited, and stock users are advised to carry feed.
Forage is minimal except in understocked stands.
Forage is more palatable and intake increases.
Forage is nearly always the motivating factor when fish move.
Forage is palatable and nutritious.
Forage is plentiful.
Forage is predominantly annual grasses and legumes.
Forage is relatively scarce, especially in close proximity to desirable campsites.
Forage is scarce at most campsites in the Southwest's back country.
Forage makes rapid growth in the absence of many important elements.
Forage mites Trombicula spp.
Forage produced after a fire is usually more palatable and nutritious.
Forages also help to improve soil structure .
Forages are deep-rooted and use more water than most annual crops.
Forages are essential to maintain a metabolic balance in the rumen.
Forages are good sources and can easily meet the requirements of most horses.
Forages are good sources of vitamins A and E and minerals.
Forages are high in protein and energy and low in fibre during early growth stages.
Forages are often different in quality and in the species.
Forages are only cheap in relationship to grain when they are directly harvested by the cow.
Forages are still being harvested, however harvesting weather remains variable.
Forages are the basis of a feeding program for heifers.
Forages can be a determining factor in how well cattle reproduce.
Forages compete well with thistles, scentless chamomile, resistant wild oats, etc.
Forages contain a much higher fiber content than grains.
Forages contain a significant amount of plant cell wall material.
Forages develop and establish slowly.
Forages normally contain more than adequate amounts of potassium.
Forages play a major role in Oregon Agriculture.
Forages produced in Mississippi are either legumes or grasses.
Forages provide good ground cover throughout the season, helping keep soil in place.
Forages provide maximum particle size as compared to cereal grains.
Forages remove large amounts of nutrients particularly potassium.
Forages stay fresh and palatable longer after exposure to air whether in storage or after removal.
Forages vary widely in quality.
Forages usually contain more minerals than seeds or grains.
All forages are more nutritious if they are eaten in a vegetative state.
All forages have some unavailable protein.
Many forages are difficult to germinate in saline soils.
Most forage has consistent colors.
Most forage produced in the county is used directly on farm as pasture or stored forage.
Most forages are low in phosphorus, particularly late in the growing season.
Most forages contain some levels of nitrates.
Most forages contain some nitrate.
Most forages contain some nitrates.
Some forage is grown for hay , while others are suitable only for grazing.
A forager is a hunter
Foragers are hunters.
Foragers can come into the hive, but none can get out.
Foragers carry leaves and stems to the nest.
Foragers come by the back door with mushrooms.
Foragers ferret out wild mushrooms and pick buckets of huckleberries for the restaurant.
Foragers return to their nest with food, which they feed to adult and larval wasps.
Foragers start out, but only succeeded in getting two canteens of milk.
Foragers take less time when food is more abundant.
Most foragers collect nectar and pollen, but nectar is collected in greater quantities than pollen.
Foraging levels can deplete, resulting in reduced production.
Most foraging preferences are associated with the low-intensity rearing of sheep and cattle.
Foragings is searchs.
A foram is a protozoan
Forams also eat bacteria, diatoms, other protozoa and even small animals such as copepods.
Forams are abundant all over the ocean.
Forams are also members of the sarcodina group.
Forams are also pollution indicators in coastal waters.
Forams are extremely basic fossils.
Forams are microscopic shell-producing organisms that live in all oceans at all depths.
Forams are the most diverse and most widely studied of microfossils.
Forams construct and inhabit a test of calcium carbonate, organic material, or debris.
Forams contain chambers.
Forams have external skeleton of calcium carbonate with psuedopods out of perforations.
Forams provide the clearest and smoothest transitions between species and genera.
Forams take up two kinds, or isotopes, of oxygen to build their shells.
Many forams harbor green or yellow bodies be- lieved to be modified flagellates.
Foramen alveolare interioris.
Foramen lacerum posterius.
Foramen maxillare posterior.
Foramen medullae spinalis.
Foramen ovale An opening at the midpoint of the interatrial septum.
Foramen ovale flaps into left atirum.
Foramen ovale in sept.
Foramen rotundum sens.
Foramen rotundum transmits the maxillary division of the trigeminal nerve.
Foramen stylomastoideum mot.
A foraminifer is a protozoan
Foraminifers are abundant to common.
Foraminifers are abundant to few.
Foraminiferal oozes are seafloor oozes primarily formed of planktonic foraminifera.
Foray is effort
Forays are probably the best way to learn to recognize different kinds of Colorado wild mushrooms.
Forays consists of eighteen quatrains in a variety of moods, but with overall consistency of tone.
A forbearance is a delay
Forbearance allows for a temporary suspension of payments, but interest still accrues.
Forbearances are available by contacting the lender.
Forbearances are delays.
Forbearances are easier to obtain than deferments.
Forbearances usually extend the life of the loan by a matching number of months.
Forbidden Compounds Do.
Forcast data is projected out one year.
Force balances are fundamental to the development of mathematical models in civil engineering.
Force feedback can also provide an excellent means of rehabilitation.
Force feedback enforces physical constraints, preventing the blocks from impeding on each other. .
Force feedback is actually quite new in the market.
Force feedback is implemented, and only a little bit on the weak side.
Force feedback is of capital interest here and is getting continuously improved.
Force feedback is the technology which enables the joystick to give efffects to the player.
Force feedback is when the computer causes a mouse or joystick to move or vibrate.
Force feeding causes a fatty degeneration in the liver cells.
Force feeding is likely to result in increased resistance, or the food being spit out.
Force feeding is really a form of abuse.
Force feeding is traumatic and is strictly a last resort.
Force feeding is traumatic and only a last resort.
A force field is a physical phenomenon
Force fields contain energy.
Force fields flash and sparkle as they take damage until they ultimately fizzle out.
Force fields have definite properties of their own suitable for scientific study.
Force fields prevent retaliation.
Most force fields contain energy.
Some force fields use dipole-dipole interactions in place of the simple coulombic terms above.
Force gauges eliminate the shortcomings of computing weld pressure.
Force molting causes production to stop and body weight to be reduced.
Force motors have many differing models in the same year.
Force multiplication is the reason hydraulic machinery is so useful.
Force of arms appears to be a factor.
Force of gravity causes the water to flow from the tank to the fields.
Force of gravity equals the mass times the acceleration of gravity.
Force of gravity is always attraction.
Force of gravity is the weakest force in nature.
Force of gravity pulling down is the same magnitude as the force of the ground pushing up.
Forces of nature act in a mysterious manner.
Forces of nature build crystals from atoms and molecules.
Forces of nature destroy as much as they build, and the baroness remains a force of nature.
Force powers are to be used to serve the interests of the light.
Force powers rule here.
Force projection is our number one warfighting priority.
Force protection is a mindset.
Force protection is a top priority.
Force protection is always an issue.
Force protection is an operational issue.
Force protection is but a part of that mission.
Force protection is critical.
Force protection is more than guarding a base.
Force protection is one of the most difficult things in the world.
Force protection is priority one.
Force protection means that military forces are protected by civilians who die in their stead.
Force structure is but one element in military capability.
Force structure is fundamental to creating an effective fighting force.
Force transducer transforms the mechanical energy of muscle contraction into electrical energy.
A force is influence
Force acting on the body is more modest because it has broad distribution.
Force also has lane choice.
Force applied by the person pushing the screwdriver is, and that of the top is .
Force based physics allow real life collisions and explosion blasts.
Force blocks recovery and destroys the trust that is the cornerstone of recovery.
Force breeds only bitterness, hatred and reaction.
Force brings top team up to Victoria every summer.
Force broadcasts to be used instead of multicast.
Force calls for aggression.
Force can arise from any expenditure of energy either from human, animal, or machine.
Force can be assess from observations of the worker and from consideration of task factors.
Force can be negative.
Force can bring about changed behavior for a time, but force never changes hearts.
Force can change the direction of motion of a moving object.
Force can change the shape and size of an object.
Force can change the speed of a moving object.
Force can come from other teens, too.
Force can either be a push force, or force can be a pull force.
Force can never be the first answer, but sometimes, still, it is the only answer.
Force can never be the first answer.
Force can take the form of physical violence, coercion or threat of harm.
Force causes acceleration .
Force causes acceleration.
Force causes an object to move.
Force changes the course of events in unforeseen and unpredictable ways.
Force chill the wort.
Force closes the heart.
Force consists of magnetic force and electric force .
Force consists of magnetic force and electric force.
Force correlates with all lengths of muscle.
Force counts represent PMAI totals.
Force creates backlash.
Force determines how fast the value is changed.
Force discourages treatment and defeats hope of recovery.
Force divided by area equals pressure.
Force divided by area is called stress.
Force divided by area over which the force is applied is called pressure.
Force dry the part using clean, oil free air.
Force dry the parts with a warm air gun.
Force dry the parts.
Force equals mass multiplied by acceleration.
Force equals mass times acceleration.
Force equals mass times velocity.
Force equals pressure times area.
Force exercise the horse regularly.
Force feed the heifer.
Force feedback dextrous masters.
Force forges the words.
Force gives an object the energy to move, stop moving, or change direction.
Force has both direction and magnitude.
Force has lane choice in the final.
Force implies the use of or threat of the use of physical violence to make a person get married.
Force involves the use of physical restraint or sedation to enable a treatment to be given.
Force is a broad concept.
Force is a changing of momentum, while work is a measure of force applied over a distance.
Force is a dangerous weapon.
Force is a human invention.
Force is a last resort.
Force is a major risk factor for soft tissue injury.
Force is a measure of the rate of change of impulse.
Force is a product of mass times acceleration.
Force is a push or a pull on an object or body.
Force is a push or a pull.
Force is a push or pull .
Force is a push or pull in a specific direction.
Force is a push or pull.
Force is a quantitative description of an interaction that causes a change in an object's motion.
Force is a quantity on which many other quantities such as torque, thrust and pressure are based.
Force is a quantity that is measured using the standard metric unit known as the Newton.
Force is a specific, well-defined idea.
Force is a strong world.
Force is a threatening type of social action.
Force is a vector because it has magnitude and direction.
Force is a vector quantity and area is a scalar quantity.
Force is a vector quantity, having both magnitude and direction.
Force is a vector quantity, having magnitude and direction.
Force is a vector quantity.
Force is a vector, so it can be stronger or weaker and it can also point in different directions.
Force is a vector.
Force is a very basic concept with complex manifestations.
Force is also a critical factor.
Force is an essential element of the crime.
Force is an interaction.
Force is an option to be used only when all else fails.
Force is anything that causes a change in motion.
Force is anything that causes something to move.
Force is applied along the longer of the two principal dimensions.
Force is applied in hitting, throwing, jumping or the push-off in each running step.
Force is applied in stretching and compressing an object.
Force is applied on the edge.
Force is applied to the base of the spine can result in serious and even permanent back injury.
Force is appropriate only against force.
Force is at issue.
Force is bad.
Force is based on action.
Force is between objects, one object pushing or pulling on another.
Force is causality.
Force is chosen here to suit the context.
Force is continued to be applied after the weld time until the weld has solidified and forged.
Force is dependent on mass of the objects.
Force is different.
Force is directional.
Force is directly proportional to mass provided the acceleration is constant.
Force is directly proportional to the rate of change of momentum with time.
Force is distributed along the struts to the hub cylinders and adjacent struts.
Force is distributed over many teeth for more strength.
Force is equal to mass multiplied by acceleration.
Force is equal to mass times acceleration.
Force is equal to the change in momentum per change in time.
Force is essentially a negative thing.
Force is essentially active, whilst extension is synonymous with passivity or complete inertia.
Force is evil, in any guise.
Force is expended when magic items are bonded, familiars obtained, etc.
Force is finite.
Force is followed by loss of strength.
Force is fond of saying.
Force is force, whether initiated by a gangster or a government.
Force is found by multiplying Mass by gravity, and gravity is a constant.
Force is generated during the last step.
Force is increased and applied.
Force is increased until the coating catastrophically fails.
Force is information within each particle, what each is supposed to do.
Force is introduced as a push or a pull.
Force is just temporal acceleration.
Force is mass times acceleration .
Force is mass times acceleration.
Force is maximum at a height equal to half the base radius.
Force is measured continuously to determine the characteristics of the load on the two motors.
Force is measured in newtons.
Force is measured in units called bars .
Force is measured in units of newtons.
Force is mentioned only as something that creates acceleration.
Force is needed to move an object and to do work.
Force is often the first resource of the powerful and weak alike.
Force is on a roll, with wins in three straight events.
Force is on their side.
Force is one of the forms of energy.
Force is only attractive.
Force is only justifiable in defense of property.
Force is only justified in defense of property.
Force is physical action taken by one person against another.
Force is physical and can be both negatively and positively used.
Force is probably a bad idea, in the long run, at least against fellow humans.
Force is proportional to acceleration .
Force is proportionate to mass.
Force is reduced due to the decreasing velocity of air particles.
Force is related to mass by acceleration.
Force is replaced by hand.
Force is required for it to be considered rape.
Force is sensed in the conscious mind and soul mind.
Force is so stupid a weapon.
Force is such a harsh word.
Force is that antithesis of humanizing actions.
Force is that which originates or arrests motion.
Force is that which tends to change the state of motion of the clay.
Force is the antonym and negation of thought.
Force is the capacity to do work or cause physical change.
Force is the cause of motion in classical mechanics.
Force is the energy of concentrated action.
Force is the first law. . . .
Force is the first law.
Force is the mechanical effort required to carry out a movement or to prevent movement.
Force is the midwife of every old society pregnant with a new one.
Force is the only way to keep people in line.
Force is the opposite of freedom, yet everyday the structure continues to be supported.
Force is the opposite of freedom.
Force is the pressure created by the controlled explosion taking place inside the rocket's engines.
Force is the tendency to cause acceleration.
Force is the ultimate authority.
Force is the ultimate response for survival in the Darwinian universe.
Force is the ultimate solution to all problems.
Force is to be used as a final measure and only for the purpose of self -preservation.
Force is transferred from the ankles to the legs, back, shoulders, and out through the wrists.
Force is used as a last resort.
Force is used only when necessary and always in a reasonable and justifiable manner.
Force is used when a situation is already out of control.
Force is usually quick and decisive, where guile is slow and subtle.
Force is what Israel understands best.
Force isa phenomenon.
Force jump up onto the ledge, smash the window and enter the room beyond it.
Force leads to resistance.
Force leaves, breaks the tires loose, pedals and gets back on the throttle.
Force lends to the raw processing power of the card.
Force likes winning awards.
Force limits itself.
Force log off a user.
Force log to disk.
Force loves nothing impropriety loves propriety.
Force makes matter move.
Force makes things move or, more accurately, makes things change their motion.
Force means a total push or pull.
Force means power, violence, compulsion, or restraint exerted upon a person.
Force needs to be applied for enough time for the long break to travel the required distance.
Force negates reason through threat of violence.
Force now has a reputation and excellent service that s second to none.
Force now overshadows goodwill.
Force only catalyses disaster.
Force only gives way to force.
Force only makes things worse.
Force open a certain door to get the rotten food.
Force oppresses everyone when force is used to suppress anyone.
Force pays only fees for house.
Force perverts the transaction.
Force play in to middle whenever possible.
Force preserves through a fine sieve into a bowl.
Force produces movement.
Force push the guard and go ahead and then right.
Force push the guards as needed.
Force push the lever at the wide gap over the water and a bridge extends.
Force recognizes software is an integral part of every application.
Force remains the negation of reason, which is wrong.
Force resisting motion through a medium depends on surface and shape of an object.
Force returns to Topeka as a four-time event champion.
Force Seeing with the map reveals location of real players.
Force seems to prevail.
Force states to implement federally-approved education standards.
Force streak away.
Force takes the upper hand here.
Force tells matter how to accelerate.
Force tends to produce linear acceleration, and mass resists linear acceleration.
Force then breaks the tires loose and starts to pedal.
Force tomatoes through a sieve and add to the pot with the vegetables.
Force turns cultural differences into hateful differences.
Force varies with gravity.
Force violates our rights, is costly and diverts money from recovery-oriented services.
Force weakens as it moves to the rear and separates.
Force works very well if the goal is to keep people locked up and out of sight.
Forces act in a particular direction and have sizes dependent upon how strong the push or pull is.
Forces act on atoms.
Forces act on cars.
Forces act on fields.
Forces act on kg mass.
Forces act on layers.
Forces act on mass.
Forces act on matter.
Forces act on objects and the forces can produce certain effects upon the object.
Forces act on otherwise free to move objects, changing their velocities.
Forces act on the bonds between atoms, changing the molecular structure of a substance.
Forces acting on spinning bodies result in some peculiar acrobatics.
Forces acting over large areas are less effective than when over smaller ones.
Forces affect components.
Forces affect different materials.
Forces affect growth.
Forces affect impact.
Forces affect materials.
Forces affect motion in a variety of ways.
Forces affect motion.
Forces affect our everyday lives in every way possible to think of, and beyond.
Forces affect zooplankton growth.
Forces affecting action are forces affecting motion.
Forces affecting the everyday life of the people is emphasized.
Forces also have directions as well as magnitudes.
Forces also scale linearly.
Forces also share in-house training.
Forces are a big part of physics.
Forces are a consequence of any change in direction of the particles, just as with any fluid flow.
Forces are added according to the parallelogram law.
Forces are bound vectors and can be added only if they are applied at the same point.
Forces are caused by gravity.
Forces are caused by motion.
Forces are created by movement.
Forces are divided by charge.
Forces are either attract or repel against each other.
Forces are exerted by air.
Forces are exerted by magnets.
Forces are generated by external fields.
Forces are generated by external magnetic fields.
Forces are generated by fields.
Forces are generated by flight muscles.
Forces are generated by magnetic fields.
Forces are generated by muscles.
Forces are generated by skeletal muscles.
Forces are in grams of force since such forces are often quoted that way.
Forces are influence.
Forces are intensity.
Forces are internal if they are exerted by objects within the system on objects within the system.
Forces are mass.
Forces are measured by static or dynamic methods.
Forces are measured in newtons.
Forces are organizations.
Forces are out there ready to turn our children into demons.
Forces are physical phenomenons.
Forces are required for motion with constant velocity.
Forces are resolved and added together to determine their magnitudes and the net force.
Forces are responsible.
Forces are social groups.
Forces are the means by which the transfers occur.
Forces are the result of the action of physical bodies.
Forces are there.
Forces are things that cause changes in motion.
Forces are things that push or pull.
Forces are to be structured strategically, based on what is advantageous.
Forces are transmitted by the jackscrew through the teeth to the underlying bony support.
Forces are vectors .
Forces are vectors, they have a magnitude and a direction in space.
Forces are vectors.
Forces are very important to our world because they affect all of our movements.
Forces arm es canadiennes.
Forces become friction.
Forces become static friction.
Forces being exerted in multiple directions is ideal for expelling baby.
Forces blk to disk.
Forces build up as the plates attempt to move in relation to each other.
Forces byte swapping to the opposite of native byte ordering.
Forces -C .
Forces can also be specific and applied to only particular particles.
Forces can also force march, with the possibility of additional losses.
Forces can be either gravitational or coulombic.
Forces can be pushes, pulls or twists.
Forces can cause moving objects to speed up or slow down.
Forces can change the shape of objects as well as change their motion.
Forces can only be equal and opposite if they act for equal amounts of time.
Forces can push or pull in any direction and more than one force can act on an object at a time.
Forces canadiennes et le minist re de la D fense nationale sont en pleine transition.
Forces canadiennes ont entreprise jusqu' maintenant.
Forces cause a change in motion.
Forces cause acceleration forces.
Forces cause acceleration.
Forces cause acceleration.
Forces cause damage.
Forces cause displacement.
Forces cause events.
Forces cause external torque.
Forces cause forces.
Forces cause horizontal displacement.
Forces cause impact.
Forces cause maximum friction forces.
Forces cause movement.
Forces cause net external torque.
Forces cause net torque.
Forces cause significant damage.
Forces cause stretching are called tensile forces because they create a tension in the materials.
Forces cause torque.
Forces cause waves.
Forces challenges modern cultural and technological boundaries.
Forces change acceleration.
Forces change inertia.
Forces change over time.
Forces change over time.
Forces change rotational inertia.
Forces change states.
Forces cloth around button into pleats, using wedge and fingers.
Forces come from gas pressure.
Forces come from interaction.
Forces come from pressure.
Forces come in pairs, equal in magnitude but opposite in direction.
Forces complete elaboration of each subtree wherever it occurs in the listing.
Forces complete reports Better clinician response, more complete pathology database.
Forces contribute to energy.
Forces contribute to potential energy.
Forces cop of filling into shuttle, using mallet, and inserts shuttle into loom.
Forces create acceleration.
Forces create energy.
Forces create fields.
Forces create magnetic fields.
Forces create rotational acceleration.
Forces crop against concave.
Forces decay in pain, by the light.
Forces depend on information.
Forces depend on magnitudes.
Forces depend upon size.
Forces dhcpcd to calculate checksum on received packets.
Forces dramatizes how ancient prophecies are fulfilled.
Forces drive all movements.
Forces drive evolution.
Forces drive future growth.
Forces drive future population growth.
Forces drive growth.
Forces drive population growth.
Forces drive transformation.
Forces driving and restraining energy cause a certain balance to occur.
Forces driving change Before seeking to answer the dilemma, let's look at the forces driving change.
Forces end of text line, continues on next line.
Forces equal acceleration.
Forces equal mass time acceleration.
Forces equal mass x acceleration.
Forces equal mass.
Forces equaling three times the body weight can impact the ankle while running or jumping.
Forces exceed energy.
Forces exert their influences.
Forces exerted by the ground play an important role in all maneuvers.
Forces exist in pairs of equal magnitude but opposite direction.
Forces exist in pairs.
Forces exist pushing the country in different directions simultaneously.
Forces face vaccine scare.
Forces faculty to take a broader look at objectives and how they relate to specific programs.
Forces generate destructive power.
Forces generate electricity.
Forces generate power.
Forces get electricity.
Forces give energy to objects.
Forces give energy to the object it is acting on.
Forces graduate students to pay interest while in school.
Forces happen to objects.
Forces have adverse impact.
Forces have components.
Forces have consequences.
Forces have energy.
Forces have equal size.
Forces have impact.
Forces have magnitude and direction and are therefore vector quantities.
Forces have magnitudes.
Forces have motion.
Forces have no mass, so they never weigh anything.
Forces have origins.
Forces have potential energy.
Forces have properties.
Forces have same magnitudes.
Forces have same size.
Forces have size.
Forces have strength and direction.
Forces HttpEndRequest to use the context value, even if it is set to zero.
Forces HttpSendRequestEx to use the context value, even if it is set to zero.
Forces image to record the brightness of the atmosphere in addition to the target.
Forces increase energy.
Forces increase kinetic energy.
Forces increase mechanical energy.
Forces increase pressure.
Forces increase total energy.
Forces increase total mechanical energy.
Forces influence behavior.
Forces influence motion.
Forces influence surfaces.
Forces inhibit growth.
Forces intelligence to be human-like.
Forces involve exchanges.
Forces involve in collisions.
Forces is a push or pull.
Forces make masses accelerate.
Forces meet requirements.
Forces mIRC to closedown and exit.
Forces mIRC to shutdown and close.
Forces mobilize in impossible time and yadda yadda yadda.
Forces move air.
Forces move combustion air.
Forces move flue gases.
Forces move gases.
Forces occur in pairs and can be either balanced or unbalanced.
Forces only exist as a result of an interaction.
Forces only occur as pairs.
Forces operating in the riverine environment face harsh survivability issues.
Forces overcome friction.
Forces overcome repulsion.
Forces pass defenders to change their games.
Forces penetrate shields.
Forces ppmake to produce a more compact output.
Forces processes to terminate.
Forces produce accelerations.
Forces produce effects.
Forces produce movements, including arthrokinematic movements.
Forces produce resistance.
Forces produce torque.
Forces pull particles.
Forces pull small particles.
Forces push current.
Forces push electric current.
Forces push forces.
Forces push water.
Forces pushing for repeal remain considerable with support on both sides of the aisle.
Forces railtrail colors to coincide with the color of the team of the firing players.
Forces rdist to interpret the remaining arguments as a small distfile .
Forces relate to charge.
Forces relate to electric charge.
Forces relate to stationary electric charge.
Forces related to surface area, such as friction and electrostatics, tend to become large.
Forces related to volume, like weight and inertia, tend to decrease in significance.
Forces release of endogenous norepinephrine from pre-synaptic vesicle.
Forces represent a measure of mechanical interaction of bodies.
Forces require for circular motion.
Forces require for motion.
Forces require types.
Forces restart, so quit all apps before using.
Forces result from actions.
Forces result from interactions between two objects.
Forces result in energy.
Forces result in potential energy.
Forces rise up to subvert our children's minds and future.
Forces roll against a march table to move and fight enemies in the same hex.
Forces scale linearly with the thickness.
Forces show differences.
Forces solpos to use the time and date from the interval midpoint.
Forces ssh to run in the background.
Forces stimulate bone growth.
Forces stimulate growth.
Forces string concatenation of two expressions.
Forces switch sides.
Forces take attrition at the beginning of the turn, and the more in the hex, the greater the loss.
Forces teammate to open fire.
Forces text down to next line.
Forces transfer energy.
Forces transverse to brace.
Forces use of special fast carry logic.
Forces use operational readiness float to maximize readiness prior to deployment.
Forces vary with equipment type, design, and state of repair.
Forces water away from the window, virtually eliminating the possibility of interior penetration.
Forces will have effects.
Force always attracts men with low morality.
Forces always act in pairs .
Forces always act in pairs, on different bodies and in opposite directions.
Forces always act in pairs, on different bodies, and in opposite directions.
Forces always come in pairs called action-reaction pairs.
Forces always come in pairs.
Forces always occur in pairs.
Forces always work in pairs, on different bodies, in opposite directions, and at the same time.
Forces often act at an angle to each other.
Force sometimes works, but sometimes, it's all to no avail.
Forces usually acts in pairs.
Forces usually decrease with distance.
All force is one force.
All forces are coplanar and two dimensional.
All forces are due to the underlying interactions of the particles.
All forces are equally effective over all ranges.
All forces are now separate.
All forces are related to the mass of the object on which they are acting.
All forces are unique, so none are fundamental.
All forces are vectors, of course, and the electric force is no exception.
All forces come in equal and opposite pairs, for example.
All forces come in pairs.
All forces create an outer expression which leads back to a numerical force.
All forces have size and direction.
All forces have to be contact forces.
Any force changes a body or a body's position.
Any force directed into the pedals also goes up into the torso.
Any force used after the threat of danger is gone is considered excessive.
Every force can work only through some medium or other, which is physical.
Every force creates and equal and opposite force.
Every force has a direction.
Every force has an equal and opposite force.
Every force has an equal and opposite reaction.
Every force is trasferred by the interchange of quantums.
Every force produces an equal and opposite directional component of force.
Many forces act on a given landscape.
Many forces act together on the racing car so it can move safely at high speeds on a racetrack.
Many forces affect the behavior of fluids at interfaces.
Many forces affect the Martin County economy.
Many forces appear to be clashing today in health care.
Many forces are at play.
Many forces are at work on tall buildings, or skyscrapers.
Many forces are at work on tall buildings.
Many forces are at work shaping the future of the communications infrastructure.
Many forces are at work to keep women in a place of spiritual oppression, destitution and bondage.
Many forces are contact forces , i.e. they act only while two objects are physically touching.
Many forces are involved in weathering and erosion, including both natural and man-made causes.
Many forces can affect the structure of a crystal.
Many forces combine to spell an early end to education for girls.
Many forces contribute to encouraging or inhibiting the decision to pursue higher education.
Many forces determine which personality commandeers consciousness for the moment.
Many forces help make the decisions in our society and in our world.
Many forces impact on demographics.
Many forces now have specially trained female officers who can offer counselling.
Many forces push children to experiment with tobacco.
Many forces seek to change it many forces seeking to make it controllable.
Many forces shape and influence the development of children from conception through adolescence.
Many forces threaten to pull our children into violence, drugs, and gangs.
Many forces unconsciously sway our mate-radar.
Many forces work against the rabbit, but populations are resilient.
More force creates injuries faster and ends one's dancing career quicker.
More force gives more acceleration and less force gives less acceleration.
More force is exerted on the spine during sitting than standing.
More force is needed to give the same acceleration to a more massive object.
More force is needed.
More force is required on the part of the person swinging the device.
More forces generally means more risk.
Most forces act on atoms.
Most forces act on cars.
Most forces act on fields.
Most forces act on kg mass.
Most forces act on layers.
Most forces act on mass.
Most forces affect components.
Most forces affect different materials.
Most forces affect growth.
Most forces affect impact.
Most forces affect materials.
Most forces affect motion.
Most forces affect zooplankton growth.
Most forces are caused by gravity.
Most forces are caused by motion.
Most forces are created by movement.
Most forces are divided by charge.
Most forces are exerted by air.
Most forces are exerted by magnets.
Most forces are generated by external fields.
Most forces are generated by external magnetic fields.
Most forces are generated by fields.
Most forces are generated by flight muscles.
Most forces are generated by magnetic fields.
Most forces are generated by muscles.
Most forces are generated by skeletal muscles.
Most forces are similarly uncertain.
Most forces become friction.
Most forces become static friction.
Most forces cause acceleration forces.
Most forces cause acceleration.
Most forces cause damage.
Most forces cause displacement.
Most forces cause events.
Most forces cause external torque.
Most forces cause forces.
Most forces cause horizontal displacement.
Most forces cause impact.
Most forces cause maximum friction forces.
Most forces cause movement.
Most forces cause net external torque.
Most forces cause net torque.
Most forces cause significant damage.
Most forces cause torque.
Most forces cause waves.
Most forces change acceleration.
Most forces change inertia.
Most forces change over time.
Most forces change rotational inertia.
Most forces change states.
Most forces come from gas pressure.
Most forces come from interaction.
Most forces come from pressure.
Most forces contribute to energy.
Most forces contribute to potential energy.
Most forces create acceleration.
Most forces create energy.
Most forces create fields.
Most forces create magnetic fields.
Most forces create rotational acceleration.
Most forces depend on magnitudes.
Most forces depend upon size.
Most forces drive evolution.
Most forces drive future growth.
Most forces drive future population growth.
Most forces drive growth.
Most forces drive population growth.
Most forces drive transformation.
Most forces equal mass time acceleration.
Most forces equal mass x acceleration.
Most forces equal mass.
Most forces exceed energy.
Most forces generate destructive power.
Most forces generate electricity.
Most forces generate power.
Most forces get electricity.
Most forces have adverse impact.
Most forces have components.
Most forces have consequences.
Most forces have energy.
Most forces have equal size.
Most forces have impact.
Most forces have magnitudes.
Most forces have motion.
Most forces have origins.
Most forces have potential energy.
Most forces have properties.
Most forces have same magnitudes.
Most forces have same size.
Most forces have size.
Most forces increase energy.
Most forces increase kinetic energy.
Most forces increase mechanical energy.
Most forces increase pressure.
Most forces increase total energy.
Most forces increase total mechanical energy.
Most forces influence motion.
Most forces inhibit growth.
Most forces involve exchanges.
Most forces involve in collisions.
Most forces meet requirements.
Most forces move air.
Most forces move combustion air.
Most forces move flue gases.
Most forces move gases.
Most forces overcome friction.
Most forces overcome repulsion.
Most forces penetrate shields.
Most forces produce effects.
Most forces produce resistance.
Most forces produce torque.
Most forces pull particles.
Most forces pull small particles.
Most forces push current.
Most forces push electric current.
Most forces push forces.
Most forces push water.
Most forces relate to charge.
Most forces relate to electric charge.
Most forces relate to stationary electric charge.
Most forces require for circular motion.
Most forces require for motion.
Most forces require types.
Most forces result from actions.
Most forces result in energy.
Most forces result in potential energy.
Most forces show differences.
Most forces stimulate bone growth.
Most forces stimulate growth.
Most forces transfer energy.
Most forces use customer surveys to provide information on public attitudes.
Much force is needed to maintain control, making it expensive for the conquerors.
