Spiritual sector provides basic moral and spiritual training.
Spiritual seekers are typically people who have learned to question conventional reality.
Many spiritual seekers run into severe problems, obstacles and conflicts.
Many spiritual seekers take paths beyond organized religion.
Most spiritual seekers choose a path that aligns with their own predispositions.
Spiritual sense is made possible by the presence of certain characteristics.
Spiritual service is built upon vision.
Spiritual services are also available.
Spiritual services are available on-site.
Spiritual sessions vary with time and methods.
Spiritual sex arises out of both partners' desire for union through uninhibited self expression.
Spiritual sight is blinded.
Spiritual signing is a preparatory class for spiritual interpreting.
Spiritual skills employing introspection receive turbo-boost at an inflow vortex.
Spiritual slavery comes in two forms.
Spiritual slothfulness is even worse than temporal slothfulness.
Spiritual solutions are probably the most effective.
Spiritual space has no permanent physical geography.
Spiritual stagnation is just as bad.
Spiritual stagnation is the price they pay.
Spiritual starvation follows much the same course.
Spiritual states are usually pleasant.
Spiritual strength is needed in handling adversity and preventing stress in the soul.
Spiritual study raises the spirit.
Spiritual substance is never within the jurisdiction of the material conception.
Spiritual success depends on choices as well as understanding.
Spiritual success depends on the very same factors as success in business of sport.
Spiritual suicide is within the reach of everyone.
Spiritual support can be very comforting when coping with a diagnosis of cancer.
Spiritual support is available through our chaplains, as desired by the patient and family.
Spiritual support is limited at shelters receiving state funding and deserves further exploration.
Spiritual surrender is a matter of absolute integrity, absolute willingness.
Spiritual systems are suspect.
Spiritual systems explain by metaphor the way to ultimate fulfillment.
All spiritual teachers get flak.
Many spiritual teachers run a business show or go on an ego trip to gain power over others.
Most spiritual teachers are strongly against the use of any drug.
All spiritual telepathy comes in a holographic or multi-dimensional package.
Spiritual temptations belong to the internal man, but natural ones to the external man.
Spiritual testing can produce strength of character and faithfulness.
Spiritual themes abound here, but they are unobtrusive.
Spiritual things are as a rock.
Spiritual things are easy.
Spiritual things are for older people.
Spiritual things are less appetizing.
Spiritual things are like leavening.
Spiritual things are more real than natural.
Spiritual things seem foolishness to the natural man .
Most spiritual things are precious.
Spiritual thoughts make a spiritual body.
Spiritual ties are stronger than natural ties.
Spiritual ties are stronger.
Spiritual torment is terrible indeed.
Spiritual toughness is needed.
Spiritual traditions speak of embodying the divinity within.
All spiritual traditions distill the essence of simplicity.
Every spiritual tradition focuses on love as a primary learning goal.
Some spiritual traditions speak about the death of the ego as a dimension of spiritual maturation.
Spiritual training is aimed at developing the individual student's personal faith experience.
Spiritual training takes place at the dinner table and in the family room.
All spiritual training is to be provided by the church.
Spiritual transformation is a mysterious process.
Spiritual treatments involve religious ceremonies and food or animal sacrifices.
Spiritual truth elicits a material response.
Spiritual truth is elusive and comes by insight and revelation more than by reading and studying.
Spiritual truth is utter foolishness to the unsaved man.
Spiritual truths connect with intense experiences.
Spiritual underdevelopment is the rule, no longer an exception.
Spiritual understanding is closer now.
Spiritual understanding is developed in the feminine realm of the soul.
Spiritual understanding reveals the universality of all things.
Spiritual understanding takes root wherever it finds fertile ground.
Spiritual unity can help bring victory.
Spiritual unity is the only common ground where men can meet in spite of their differences.
Spiritual values are abstract, long-term, and easily lost in the daily chaos.
Spiritual values are among tools.
Spiritual values are courage, moral depth, joy, peace, kindness, mercy, and contemplative wisdom.
Spiritual values are of high importance.
Spiritual values are therefore worth striving for as soul's ultimate freedom and stability.
Spiritual values become lost in endless mental discourse.
Spiritual values require spiritual wisdom.
Spiritual values surface, highlight versatility, diversity.
Spiritual values thrive when passed from one generation to another.
Every spiritual value is more obscured.
Spiritual vampires fall into the middle range.
Spiritual victory comes from spiritual heath, which is defined by balance.
Spiritual vigor is renewed as well as radical physical healing in many cases.
Spiritual violence is a problem of great concern to lesbians and gay men, and to their loved ones.
Spiritual violence is most dangerous when it is most spiritual - that is least emotional.
Spiritual vision is an extension of physical sight.
Spiritual walls relate to the strength and stability of our Christian testimony.
Spiritual wandering is a solitary venture into the depths of our selves.
Spiritual warfare involves testimony, prayer, praise, preaching, prophecy and proclamation.
Spiritual warfare is a constant reality.
Spiritual warfare is a modem phrase for an old battle.
Spiritual warfare is a pro-active approach to our faith.
Spiritual warfare is a real part of everyday Christian living.
Spiritual warfare is an unseen battle.
Spiritual warfare is conducted at many levels.
Spiritual warfare is hard and never stops.
Spiritual warfare is necessary all during the day.
Spiritual warfare is one example.
Spiritual warfare is one unexpected corollary of combat and human conflict.
Spiritual warfare is prayer that aims to defeat the devil and evil forces at work in the world.
Spiritual warfare is real.
Spiritual warfare is the normal state of affairs between the church and Satan.
Spiritual warfare is very draining at times.
Spiritual warfare is waged on the internet.
Spiritual warfare takes on new significance when it is nothing less than a world war.
Spiritual warriors are to be utterly ruthless about what they bring into their souls.
Spiritual wellness deals with the manner in which one makes sense of life and it's meaning.
Spiritual wellness focuses on personal spiritual beliefs and values.
Spiritual wisdom is a way of being alive.
Spiritual wisdom leads to holiness.
Spiritual Wonder Goes Online.
Spiritual words are just that, words.
Spiritual work is about being love.
Spiritual work is an important part of fathering.
Spiritual work is serious work.
Spiritual work is still work.
Spiritual work is the most rewarding work of all.
Spiritual wounds is one of the side effects of loving people unconditionally.
Some spiritual writers believe that no one can learn to pray unless they know how to waste time.
Some spiritual writers see the sacraments only as a cure for a fallen world and a failed humanity.
A spiritual is a song
A spiritual is church music
Spirituals are audio streamed to provide authentic context.
Spirituals are emotional songs and have a strong rhythm.
Spirituals are now one of the best-known forms of American music.
Spirituals go back to the slavery experience in America.
Spirituals tell the story of their appropriation of the Bible.
Most spirituals refer to people or events in the Bible.
A spiritualism is a belief
Spiritualism also involves methods of healing and the investigation of psychic phenomena.
Spiritualism also proves that spiritual qualities are the only permanent treasures of life.
Spiritualism claims to deal in fact.
Spiritualism comes in many guises.
Spiritualism comes to cleanse out the dregs and wretchedness of humanity.
Spiritualism conjures up images of fake spirit-rapping, gloomy seances, and dramatic mediums.
Spiritualism encompasses the term innatism , which suggests that ideas cause behavior.
Spiritualism has an answer.
Spiritualism has no major book of beliefs, nor even a creed.
Spiritualism is a force for liberty, freedom and peace.
Spiritualism is a religion whose basic tenet and practice is conversing with the dead.
Spiritualism is a way of life.
Spiritualism is a wonderfully non-dogmatic religion, science, and philosophy.
Spiritualism is basically a modern religion of mediumship, whose main ritual was the seance .
Spiritualism is considered a religion.
Spiritualism is defunct.
Spiritualism is for everyone.
Spiritualism is frequently misunderstood and sensationalized by the media and movies.
Spiritualism is one of the more widespread supernormal practices nowadays.
Spiritualism is only in books now.
Spiritualism is our life-long quest.
Spiritualism is the declared enemy of materialism.
Spiritualism is the highest form of political consciousness.
Spiritualism is the latest attempt to transform man into a god.
Spiritualism is the only religion which harmonizes with science in every way.
Spiritualism is very real.
Spiritualism proves it.
Spiritualism reveals the spiritual oneness of all mankind.
Spiritualism sounds like the way to go.
Spiritualism thrives on faith.
Spiritualism transcends reason.
Spiritualisms are beliefs.
Spiritualist church is for everybody.
Spiritualist church is similar.
All Spiritualist Churches give spiritual healing if asked.
All Spiritualist churches perform healing.
Spiritualist session goes horribly wrong.
A spiritualist is a psychic
Spiritualists are people who claim to be able to contact the dead.
Spiritualists believe it to be the materialization of the astral body.
Spiritualists believe that spirits can talk with people, or change things in the world.
Spiritualists believe the dead survive as spirits, which can communicate with the living.
Spiritualists claim it was because light suddenly shone on a medium in trance can be harmful.
Spiritualists know that conditions can have a lot to do with it.
Spiritualists know that individuals choose to heal or remain stuck in a state of hopelessness.
Spiritualists know that the answer is to learn and grow individually and collectively.
Spiritualists see spirits.
Spiritualists teach from the Bible.
Spiritualists use the tongue-speaking phenomenon in their claim to communicate with the dead.
Spiritualists welcome here.
All spiritualistic mediums know that their visitors require test after test.
Spirituality affects all of the senses and frequently is difficult to describe in words.
Spirituality aims at unfolding the real nature of spirit or self.
Spirituality also assuages guilt about the past.
Spirituality also offers a way to die when there's nothing else to live for.
Spirituality appears to support emotional development.
Spirituality are beyond words so religious experience are easy to abuse and misuse.
Spirituality begins at home - in every day life.
Spirituality can be serious or funny.
Spirituality can be valuable toward that goal.
Spirituality can help bring community into economics.
Spirituality can produce the same effect.
Spirituality can serve as a resource of strength.
Spirituality can take many forms.
Spirituality causes compassion, sharing, caring, sacrifice and service to arise spontaneously.
Spirituality comes from people.
Spirituality comes from within the individual person.
Spirituality comes from within.
Spirituality comes in many forms, one supposes.
Spirituality concerns itself with the question of how to lead a deeply committed Christian life.
Spirituality continues to be growing mainstream issue.
Spirituality dances with insights and delivers glimpses to be contemplated before application.
Spirituality deals largely with the deeper aspects to be found within the room itself.
Spirituality encompasses a variety of phenomena, including experiences, beliefs, and practices.
Spirituality entails no worship.
Spirituality exists from birth for the individual and is incorporated into everyday life.
Spirituality exists within our hearts.
Spirituality extends beyond the physical, material and self to a state called transcendence.
Spirituality feels like a perpetual thrust into new territory.
Spirituality figures prominently in the school's mission.
Spirituality filters out the superficial, the changing, so the essential emerges.
Spirituality flows from Torah study.
Spirituality focuses inward.
Spirituality gives families a sense of belonging to and being loved by a higher being.
Spirituality gives helpful direction and science brings speed.
Spirituality gives meaning and direction to our lives.
Spirituality gives new life to leadership.
Spirituality gives shape and direction to our lives.
Spirituality grapples with the mystery of life.
Spirituality helps one to trust and let go of fear.
Spirituality helps the chronically ill people cope with the medical challenges of their condition.
Spirituality however is a totally different thing.
Spirituality impels one to conquer difficulties and acquire more and more strength.
Spirituality implies life.
Spirituality includes one s capacity for creativity, growth, and the development of a value system.
Spirituality includes, but is more comprehensive than religion.
Spirituality instills values.
Spirituality involves motivation.
Spirituality is a broad concept that encompasses values, meaning and purpose.
Spirituality is a complex and elusive topic.
Spirituality is a focus.
Spirituality is a force that drives the human desire for freedom and the pursuit of higher ideals.
Spirituality is a fundamental, continuous part of our lives.
Spirituality is a funny business.
Spirituality is a fuzzy concept for many.
Spirituality is a journey.
Spirituality is a knowing by experience that there is an invisible presence that guides our lives.
Spirituality is a level of consciousness that transcends rationality.
Spirituality is a much used word in our lives.
Spirituality is a mystery almost impossible to name or put into words.
Spirituality is a natural part of each day s camp adventure.
Spirituality is a necessary dimension of being human.
Spirituality is a neglected area of study and research in the treatment of addictions.
Spirituality is a paradox.
Spirituality is a part of our solution.
Spirituality is a part of sexuality, as are culture and values.
Spirituality is a path.
Spirituality is a personal challenge to individuals.
Spirituality is a personal thing, and it means something different to everyone.
Spirituality is a personal thing.
Spirituality is a personnal matter.
Spirituality is a real journey into the unknown.
Spirituality is a religious category.
Spirituality is a safer word.
Spirituality is a science that deals with the spirit.
Spirituality is a seminal frequency.
Spirituality is a spontaneous alchemy that occurs when all of the instincts are working together.
Spirituality is a state of connectedness to all life, honouring diversity in unity.
Spirituality is a state of mind and a way of living one's life.
Spirituality is a strong basis for all indigenous societies.
Spirituality is a term used to define the relationship between life and spirit.
Spirituality is a topic raised over lunch.
Spirituality is a transpersonal quality, it is beyond the ego and obsession with the self.
Spirituality is a tricky notion.
Spirituality is a very broad concept.
Spirituality is a very necessary part of our lives.
Spirituality is a very personal thing.
Spirituality is a very powerful thing.
Spirituality is a vision of perfection, faith, gratitude, love, surrender, humility, and grace.
Spirituality is a vital component of our treatment program.
Spirituality is a way of connecting.
Spirituality is a way of life, a life of continuous prayer.
Spirituality is a way of life.
Spirituality is a way of living in depth.
Spirituality is a word laden with almost infinite levels of meaning.
Spirituality is a word that often gets misused.
Spirituality is about becoming a whole new person forever.
Spirituality is about becoming conscious of that relationship.
Spirituality is about being here now.
Spirituality is about caring and sharing.
Spirituality is about creativity and powerlessness.
Spirituality is about growing closer to whatever god is.
Spirituality is about meaning and connectedness.
Spirituality is about one thing only.
Spirituality is about seeing other worlds, the realm of imagination.
Spirituality is about strengthening every part of our lives.
Spirituality is about the way of the monkey and the way of the kitten.
Spirituality is about wholeness and completion.
Spirituality is alive in and personal to each soul.
Spirituality is all about generosity.
Spirituality is all about relationships.
Spirituality is all about the light, and meditation is about searching for the light.
Spirituality is all like water.
Spirituality is also a strong part of their beliefs in success.
Spirituality is also part of nature.
Spirituality is always about letting go.
Spirituality is always more individual.
Spirituality is among the oldest, slipperiest, most subjective and most profound of human phenomena.
Spirituality is an attitude that reveals life's meaning through everyday experience.
Spirituality is an emotion a feeling.
Spirituality is an essential component of our colleagues' life.
Spirituality is an experience of the holy .
Spirituality is an important and recurring theme in the group purpose statements of trainees.
Spirituality is an important dimension that often grows more important as people age.
Spirituality is an important value in our community.
Spirituality is an inately human trait.
Spirituality is an individual journey.
Spirituality is an inner experience on earth indirectly.
Spirituality is an integral aspect of all human life.
Spirituality is an integral part of everyone's make-up.
Spirituality is an intimate experience, very close, very personal.
Spirituality is an ongoing process that gets better with time.
Spirituality is an undeniable part of human experience.
Spirituality is anathema to materialism.
Spirituality is as important to people as ever.
Spirituality is as much part of our humanity as our sexuality.
Spirituality is at once very simple and very misunderstood.
Spirituality is at the center of all aspects of living.
Spirituality is at the center of traditional American Indian ways.
Spirituality is at the core of all religions.
Spirituality is at the heart, at the core.
Spirituality is available to all.
Spirituality is back on the agenda in our post-modern world.
Spirituality is back on the agenda.
Spirituality is basis and motivation for political activism.
Spirituality is central to colony life.
Spirituality is central to many patients' lives.
Spirituality is communication in and through the transcendental guarantee of the spirit.
Spirituality is compassion.
Spirituality is confined to the home, the church, or the community.
Spirituality is consciousness of infinite interrelatedness.
Spirituality is creativity.
Spirituality is defined by different people in different ways.
Spirituality is dependant on spiritual accountability.
Spirituality is difficult for journalists to cover.
Spirituality is divorced from public life.
Spirituality is enhanced with a healthy body and strong mind.
Spirituality is ever popular, but mainstream religions are declining in attendance.
Spirituality is evidenced in tender moments, kind gestures, thoughtful words.
Spirituality is experienced in the midst of movement, through the celebration of life.
Spirituality is experienced in wrestling.
Spirituality is experiential.
Spirituality is expression of the soul and includes art, literature, poetry, music and meditation.
Spirituality is finally about human freedom and fulfilment.
Spirituality is first and foremost human .
Spirituality is for people who have already been there.
Spirituality is for people who have been there already.
Spirituality is for people who have been there.
Spirituality is generosity of heart.
Spirituality is good business and good business is spiritual.
Spirituality is hard to delimit.
Spirituality is high right now, especially with young adults.
Spirituality is important to understanding a culture's values.
Spirituality is in and it is everywhere.
Spirituality is in any case more than just an individual's choice.
Spirituality is in vogue today.
Spirituality is in, and organized religion is out.
Spirituality is in.
Spirituality is indeed the highest religious experience possible.
Spirituality is independent of any religious preference.
Spirituality is intricately interwoven into all aspects of Indian culture.
Spirituality is intrinsically a practical affair.
Spirituality is introversion
Spirituality is just a mess intellectually.
Spirituality is just a way of valuing.
Spirituality is like a medicine.
Spirituality is located in churchs.
Spirituality is materialism.
Spirituality is measured by experiences.
Spirituality is more a part of their daily lives.
Spirituality is more important than mentality.
Spirituality is more than religion, it's a larger energetic relationship.
Spirituality is more valuable .
Spirituality is much more difficult to define than religion.
Spirituality is neither the privilege of the poor nor the luxury of the rich.
Spirituality is new.
Spirituality is no longer taboo, but in fact quite chic.
Spirituality is nothing more than a brave search for the truth about existence.
Spirituality is nothing that happens far away somewhere, unrelated with everyday life.
Spirituality is now just a mouse-click away.
Spirituality is now more a part of the care plan throughout a patient's hospital experience.
Spirituality is of vital interest to many people and perhaps, under different names, to everyone.
Spirituality is one of the foundation faculties of the mind.
Spirituality is one of the healthiest protective factors in mental health.
Spirituality is one of the most important determinants of organization performance.
Spirituality is one's connection to life and the totality of all things.
Spirituality is our gift from the Great One.
Spirituality is our way of reconnecting to the real.
Spirituality is out gift from the Great One.
Spirituality is packaged and repackaged and marketed in incredible ways.
Spirituality is part and parcel of being a human being.
Spirituality is part of the essence of humanity.
Spirituality is perhaps the most important category related to religion today.
Spirituality is permanent.
Spirituality is personal and private.
Spirituality is planetary as well as personal.
Spirituality is reality.
Spirituality is religion.
Spirituality is simple.
Spirituality is simply the way getting connected online translates into new kinds of community life.
Spirituality is slippery.
Spirituality is something else, they say.
Spirituality is something else.
Spirituality is something much more bigger, and personal.
Spirituality is something special unto itself that only needs postive ways and thoughts.
Spirituality is something that a person is born with.
Spirituality is something that grows over time based on experience.
Spirituality is sought in success, achievement and works.
Spirituality is structured around subjective experiences with little regard for the Scriptures.
Spirituality is supported by a prayer group, Bible study and various prayer services.
Spirituality is the base from which grows self-esteem, values, morals, and a sense of belonging.
Spirituality is the belief and acceptance of a power or energy beyond our physical selves.
Spirituality is the burgeoning of divinity within the individual.
Spirituality is the core of Indian art.
Spirituality is the drawing out and infusion of spirit in one s life.
Spirituality is the drive.
Spirituality is the enemy of the capital-centered economy.
Spirituality is the environment for wholeness.
Spirituality is the essence of life that permeates all matter.
Spirituality is the foundation of all progress.
Spirituality is the foundation of our purpose.
Spirituality is the fundamental essence of any valid religious and philosophical system.
Spirituality is the fundamental part of any valid religious and philosophical system.
Spirituality is the highest form of politics among indigenous people.
Spirituality is the highest form of politics.
Spirituality is the key to keeping warmed up for the fight against sin, the world and the devil.
Spirituality is the key to keeping 'warmed up' for the fight against sin, the world and the devil.
Spirituality is the key to trust and respect.
Spirituality is the most natural expression in the world.
Spirituality is the name of the game.
Spirituality is the oldest known spirituality on the planet.
Spirituality is the only way forward now.
Spirituality is the path of the heart.
Spirituality is the perfect health of the soul.
Spirituality is the purity of our positive energy.
Spirituality is the purity of truth.
Spirituality is the realm of self-victory.
Spirituality is the result of something.
Spirituality is the source of all gifts.
Spirituality is the sum total of the attitudes and actions that define our life of faith.
Spirituality is the time-honored method for dealing with life s troublesome nature.
Spirituality is the using of that spirit to enliven others.
Spirituality is the way of the lover.
Spirituality is the willingness to forgive seventy times seven.
Spirituality is their primary quality.
Spirituality is their virtue to share.
Spirituality is there to gain control over the five senses.
Spirituality is to be found inside.
Spirituality is understood by the heart.
Spirituality is undoubtedly the most difficult thing for a mission board to judge.
Spirituality is universal.
Spirituality is unquestionably a part of rave culture.
Spirituality is usually easier to recognize than to analyze.
Spirituality is very enriching.
Spirituality is very hard to be articulate about.
Spirituality is very personal and very diverse.
Spirituality is very strong among the people and emotional support during disease is stressed.
Spirituality is without reference to religion.
Spirituality is, perhaps, has always been, more central to human existence than religion.
Spirituality leads to that which is real and away from that which is unreal and unimportant.
Spirituality makes life more fascinating and worthwhile.
Spirituality means a variety of things and covers a multitude of practices and ideas.
Spirituality means faith.
Spirituality means freedom from physical limitations.
Spirituality means prayer.
Spirituality means striving to feel connected to the rest of the world.
Spirituality meets technology.
Spirituality permeates Haiti.
Spirituality plays a big roll in our everyday life.
Spirituality plays a role throughout.
Spirituality plays an important role in maintaining physical health.
Spirituality provides answers to the perplexing questions of our origins, our purpose, or destinies.
Spirituality provides healing, hope and sustenance.
Spirituality reaffirms the magic of life for children.
Spirituality recognizes that there is something sacred at the core of all existence.
Spirituality refers to each individual's beliefs about, and experience of, the meaning of life.
Spirituality refers to the intensely personal, devotional, life transforming aspects of religion.
Spirituality requires progress.
Spirituality requires too a nurturing and free space for the child to be, explore and wonder.
Spirituality seeks to bring head and heart together.
Spirituality seems more to do with experiences or feelings.
Spirituality seems to be a basic human good essential for human flourishing.
Spirituality seems to defy repetition.
Spirituality shares the same forum as mentioned above.
Spirituality starts with reality.
Spirituality stems from the mind of a person.
Spirituality suggests the forces that guide an individual.
Spirituality takes the back seat to physical gratification.
Spirituality therefore aims to develop the highest type of physical and mental things.
Spirituality thus has a direct impact on our physical and psychological well-being.
Spirituality transcends illness and health.
Spirituality transcends the individual and can be a common bond among people.
Spirituality transcends the physical and material world.
Spirituality truly centers in the mind.
All spirituality is about roots.
Any spirituality comes from such forces.
Spiritualized fatherhood is sexual expression raised to the octave of love-consciousness.
A spirochaete is a bacteria
Spirochaetes are spiral shaped bacetria.
Most spirochaetes are free-living and anaerobic , but there are numerous exceptions .
Most spirochaetes are free-living and anaerobic, but there are numerous exceptions.
Spirochetal bacterium have an uncanny instinctivness to survive .
A spirochete is a bacteria
Spirochetes are a spiral-shaped bacteria that infect the body by burrowing in through the skin.
Spirochetes are corkscrew-shaped bacteria that move by undulating.
Spirochetes are long, thin, spiral-shaped bacteria.
Spirochetes are the causitive agents of both syphilis and yaws.
Spirochetes are the last group.
Spirochetes are very difficult to stain.
Spirochetes are well adapted to swim in viscous liquids.
Spirochetes can also live by themselves.
Spirochetes convert two gases in termite stomachs, hydrogen and carbon dioxide, into acetic acid.
Spirochetes have an axial filament attached at both ends and within a membrane sheath.
Spirochetes live in many habitats, including cow stomachs, termite guts and compost heaps.
Spirochetes play a role in ulcerative gingivitis and periodontitis.
Most spirochetes are anaerobic.
Some spirochetes can also selectively inhibit the proliferative response of lymphocytes.
Many Spirofractal images look like some strange animal or plant.
Spirogyra filaments are slippery and float in large masses.
Spirogyra isa alga.
Spirogyra isa algae.
Spirogyras are filamentous green algae, named for their spiraling chloroplasts.
Spirogyras have (part) cell membranes.
Spirogyras have (part) cells.
Spirogyras have (part) corpi.
Spirogyras have (part) cytoplasm.
Spirogyras have (part) nuclei.
Spirogyras have (part) plasma membranes.
Spirogyras have (part) sections.
Spirogyras have (part) vacuoles.
Spirogyras produce oxygen.
Spirogyras produce spores.
Spirogyras undergo mitosis.
Most spirogyras produce oxygen.
Most spirogyras produce spores.
Most spirogyras undergo mitosis.
Some spirogyras live in environments.
Some spirogyras live in watery environments.
A spirometer is an instrument
Spirometers are extremely important in allowing physicians to assess lung functionality.
A spironolactone is a corticosteroid
A spironolactone is an antihypertensive drug
Spironolactone alone has mild to moderate antihypertensive activity.
Spironolactone reduces mortality in patients with severe congestive heart failure.
Spironolactone tends to disrupt the menstrual cycle and increases menstrual bleeding.
Spironolactone works best when used in conjunction with oral contraceptives.
Spironolactone works by blocking the production of the hormone aldosterone.
Spironolactones are diuretics.
Spironolactones are drugs.
Spirotallic gaskets are also available.
Spirulina extracts inhibit growth of oral cancer cells.
Spit cobras have ability.
Spit cobras have eyes.
Spit cobras spit venom.
Most spit cobras have ability.
Most spit cobras have eyes.
Some spit cobras have distribution.
All SPIT papers are due at the start of class on the designated due date.
Spit spiders have glands.
Most spit spiders have glands.
Spit can involve blows.
Spit can involve hits.
Spit can involve insults.
Spit can involve leaves.
Spit can involve splats.
Spit ends with coughs.
Spit ends with swallows.
Spit is a cape
Spit is capes.
Spit is expulsions.
Spit is located in mouths.
Spit is motivated by the goal of dry mouths.
Spit is motivated by the goal of hate.
Spit is newspapers.
Spit is part of racks.
Spit is skewers.
Spits are dangerous places in tsunami-prone areas.
Spits are elongate ridges of sand or gravel that project from land and end in open water.
Spits are long narrow ridges of sand and shingle which project from the coastline into the sea.
Spits are projections of current-drifted that extend out into open water.
Spits are so beautiful.
Spits bug out.
Spits commonly develop in the direction of shore drift.
Spits normally form at the mouth of a bay and curve inward.
Spits often form a straight ridge of sediment across a bay.
Spits usually form at the mouth of a bay due to long shore current and beach drift.
Many spits have a hooked or curved end.
Much spit is swapped in their full-facial snog.
Spite cycles appear using both evolutionary and fixed pairs protocols.
Spite isa emotion.
Spiteful actions are extremely rare in the animal kingdom.
Spiteful types are markedly more frequent among individuals than among teams.
A spitfire is a person
Spitfire is earnest and occasionally moving, but never totally convincing.
Spitfire is targeted at the value PC space.
Spitfire leaves a really solid yeast deposit at the bottom of the bottle.
A spitter is a person
Spitters get a pair of pantyhose pulled over their heads.
Spittings causes diseases.
Spittings causes disgust.
Spittings causes fights.
Spittings is used for baseball players.
Spittings is used for pigs.
Spittings is used for rednecks.
Spittle bug can be a problem in crops grown for fresh or dried flowers.
Spittle bugs are a type of leafhopper.
Spittle bugs prefer moist, thatchy, centipede lawns.
Spittle bugs produce a white cotton like substance on the leaves.
Spittle bugs protect themselves in a frothy spittle.
Spittle bugs tend to be a darker shade of green and leafhopper nymphs tend to be yellow-green.
A spittlebug is an insect
Spittlebug flies with wheatstalk, sweet clover, and hourglass fagots.
Spittlebugs also attack strawberry plants.
Spittlebugs are a sporadic problem, mainly on centipedegrass.
Spittlebugs are relatively harmless.
Spittlebugs feed on the leaves of many ornamental and vegetable garden host plants.
Spittlebugs have sharp beaks with which they pierce the stems of plants and suck the plant juices.
Spittlebugs infrequently cause economic damage in alfalfa.
Spittlebugs leave little wads of spit on rosemary plants.
Spittlebugs suck sap out of the plants with their needle-like mouthparts.
Many SPJC courses require the use of research for the completion of assignments.
SPJC libraries own print subscriptions to other periodicals, as well.
A splanchnic nerve is a nerve
Splanchnic nerves enter the aortic plexus .
Splanchnic tissues undergo hypoxic stress during whole body hyperthermia.
Splash damage is better than no damage at all.
Splashes of color are definitely in, with black as a base.
Splashes of color cover The page for all to see.
Splash pages are a means of showcasing some special effects.
Splash pages are often heavy on graphics but light on content.
Splash pages are often showy, but tend to be low on content.
Splash pages do have there place in our wonderful internet world today.
Splash pool is great for children.
Splash screens are a good place to use animation.
Splash screens are a part of any program.
Splash screens are nearly always an annoyance.
Splash screens are the first page the viewer sees before the actual homepage.
Splash screens are the graphics that appear at the start of programs.
Some splash screens stay visible only until the application is loaded.
Splash water attracts attention.
A splash is noise
Splashes are a challenge to photograph due to the small size of the subject.
Splashes are most likely when mixing, pouring and loading application equipment.
Splashes are undesirable.
Splashes can cause severe irritation and pain.
Splashes can produce painful irritation and eye damage.
Splashes cause inflammation and blurred vision.
Splashes cause severe irritation, possible corneal burns and eye damage.
Splashes cause severe pain, eye damage, and permanent blindness.
Splashes do happen now and then.
Splashes form whitecaps on the surface as chlorine permeates the damp air.
Splashs are disturbances.
Splashs are noise.
Splashs are spots.
Splashs are wetting.
Splashed deposits look as if they are small islands of contaminants on the insulator.
A splasher is protection
Splashers can reduce that investment to what they pay for the original boat, if that.
Splashproof construction protects camera body from water drops.
Splashy effects abound some beguiling, some corny.
A splat is a splash
Splat go the mashed peas everywhere.
Splats appear on the floor through the latticework of the newly framed roof.
Splats are slats.
Splats are splashs.
Splats are thin boards that run vertically from the seat to the most upper part of the back.
Splats can be in the solid form, sometimes curved, pierced and carved.
Splatter films are a very specific genre that a lot of people like.
Splatter movies can be delightful.
A splatter is noise
Splatter is relatively independent of flow rate.
Splatter s the volume.
Splattered blood is everywhere.
Splay legs can be very traumatic for the novice breeder.
Splay trees are a self adjusting tree structure.
Splay trees are simpler and easier to program.
Splayed legs are legs that extend outward from the hips.
Splayed toes are a fault.
Splayed windows reveal thick, plaster covered walls.
Spleen extracts are available as nutritional supplements in capsules and tablets.
Spleen involvement is seen in about half the patients at laparotomy.
Spleen has (part) corpi.
Spleen has importance.
Spleen is part of bodies.
Spleen isa tissue.
Most spleen has importance.
Most spleen is part of bodies.
Some spleen contains enzymes.
Splendid arch rises among scattered gravestones and masonry.
Splendid canyons contain many arches, strange rock formations, and archaeological sites.
Splendid chandeliers light it by night, the center one being double.
Splendid charity can easily become a splendid idol or status symbol.
Splendid examples made of precious metal and jewels survive in museums.
Many splendid games are available, for free, in Java .
Splendid illustrations make for an added delight, as do the excellent production values.
Splendid isolation prevails.
Splendid murals give a sense of prewar Berlin.
Splendid opportunities exist for nature enthusiasts to study, relax and explore.
Splendid opportunities exist for nature study, relaxation and exploration.
Splendid orchids sit amongst the branches of the larger trees.
Splendid photographs enhance the visitor's experience.
Splendid suites are the perfect solution for families.
Splenectomized patients are at an increased risk for infections.
Splenectomized patients are prone to more severe and apparent illness.
A splenectomy is ablation
Splenectomies are ablation.
Splenectomies can be beneficial for certain blood conditions.
Splenectomy appears to correlate with life-threatening and fatal cases.
Splenectomy can be suggestive of spherocytosis.
Splenectomy is accepted as the treatment of choice in cases of spontaneous rupture of the spleen.
Splenectomy is done in resistant cases since it is a major site of red blood cell destruction.
Splenectomy is essentially curative.
Splenectomy is of very questionable benefit.
Splenectomy is often necessary.
Splenectomy is the treatment of choice which results in prolonging the spherocytes life span.
Splenectomy reduces transfusions.
Splenic abscess presents within several months of the trauma.
Splenic enlargement is very common in malarious areas of the world.
Splenic lesions consist of diffuse fibrinoid necrosis in the red pulp with lymphoid cell depletion.
Splenic rupture is a potentially fatal complication of infectious mononucleosis.
Splenic sequestration can result in death.
Splenic sequestration occurs at any age in individuals with the other sickle syndromes.
Splenic tissue is rich in amastigotes allowing a rapid and sensitive diagnosis.
Some splenic tumors pool large quantities of blood, causing anemia.
A splenomegaly is dysplasia
Splenomegaly occurs in some cases.
Splice site is underlined and deduced amino acid sequence of the normal and mutated exon is shown.
Splice sites are the key signal sequences that determine the boundaries of the exons.
Splice sites tend to be overpredicted.
Splice variants are sequences that occur naturally within the cells and tissues of individuals.
A splice is a conjunction
Splice chunks to recreate an original file.
Splice ropes together when it is necessary.
Splices are a particular danger.
Splices are easy to re-enter, simply by pulling off the boot or sleeve.
Splices are junctions.
Splices are to be avoided in the cable, particularly at the base of the mast.
Splices are usually submersible for all outdoor applications.
Splices Explain the purpose of a compression splice.
Spliced rafters have to be properly supported.
Spliced rope works well.
A splicer is a mechanical device
Splicers allow two pieces of film to be aligned on pegs via their sprocket holes.
Most splicers prefer three-piece connectors.
Splicing are forging.
Spline construction offers strength and beauty.
Spline drive provides high efficiency torque transmission.
Spline lines offer many advantages over the typically used splined polyline.
Spline maintenance is easy enough, although it is somewhat messy.
Spline vector fields for modelling curves in interaction.
A spline is a strip
Splines are a more robust method of interpolation.
Splines are a useful form for the representation of curves and surfaces.
Splines are continuous curves based on a set of control points.
Splines are curves, which are usually required to be continuous and smooth.
Splines are lines after they are created and it's good too.
Splines are paths drawn in one of two fashions.
Splines are strips.
Splines follow an important hierarchy.
A splint is a mechanical device
Splint is most suitable for chairs simple in design with few turnings.
Splint offers protective bracing and immobilizes the wrist allowing the injury to heal.
Splints also can help minimize joint destruction.
Splints also prevent any further wearing of the teeth.
Splints also restrict blood flow.
Splints are available at most drugstores without a prescription.
Splints are fine only if they work.
Splints are mechanical devices.
Splints are medical devices.
Splints are more of a condition in young, growing horses.
Splints are smooth on both sides and especially prepared for refined work.
Splints are somewhat controversial.
Splints can help stabilize joints.
Splints can improve functioning for a child.
Splints can stabilize a joint to allow it to rest.
Splints come in a few types.
Splints protect during lifting and working.
Splints Wrist splints are good at first, as training tools.
Some splints are inappropriate.
Splinter hemorrhages appear as narrow red to reddish brown hemorrhages beneath the nails.
Splinter hemorrhages are common.
A splinter is a bit
Splinter continues by relating how they got their names.
Splinter hemorrhages in a patient with rheumatoid vasculitis.
Splinter is a lot older now too.
Splinter isa scrap.
Splinters are a common problem with wood decks.
Splinters are bits.
Splinters are foreign bodies that are partially or fully embedded in the skin.
Splinters are full of germs.
Splinters can be much more than an annoyance.
Splinters Cleanse with soap and water.
Splinters Sand the boards.
Splinters tend to hurt if they are stuck deep under the skin.
Splintered governments make coherent regional governance immensely difficult.
Splintery fracture is seen in nephrite and hematite.
Split leather is from the area beneath the top grain.
Split Rock offers a wide variety of workshops.
Split Rock offers a wonderful escape for a relaxing weekend.
A split is a stunt
Split isa stunt.
Splits are a great way to keep the stock moving up.
Splits are absolutely essential.
Splits are bottles.
Splits are cracks.
Splits are formations.
Splits are frozen dessert.
Splits are increases.
Splits are separatings.
Splits are shares.
Splits are the same as cuts or tests.
Splits are their times in sections of long races.
Splits assume altitude training.
Splits can also develop from tension wood.
Splits can be hard to find because they cause such a slight change in pair impedance.
Splits can occur on the trunk of the tree as well as on branches.
Splits can propagate upward to the root.
Splits create shareholder value.
Splits depend on size and quality of crop and varies from year to year.
Splits digests into multiple articles.
Splits dont usually take that long to rejoin though.
Splits maltose into glucose.
Splits only occur and cliques only form when things go wrong on the field.
Any split takes two.
Some splits are still visible both inside and outside of the party.
Some splits create tension.
Some splits have different dates for cellular phones, pagers, etc.
Some splits save life.
Spliten soils are shallow.
A splitsville is a breakup
Splitsville are a good, tight band.
Splitsville are back and they sound great.
A splitter is a systematist
Splitter does split the fed-in string and some other things.
Splitter is able to handle very large parts.
Splitter is backward compatible to the first version.
Splitter puts brown lines in Snake's face.
Splitter simply splits and joins files and compares the pieces with the original file.
Splitters allow up to four keyboards, monitors and mice to be connected to the same computer.
Splitters also work backwards as combiners.
Splitters are available at electronic accessory stores for only a few dollars.
Splitters are available from various manufacturers and come in various shapes and sizes.
Splitters are more interested in studying how individuals differ from each other.
Splitters are on the public-enemy list because they introduce errors into network traffic.
Splitters are taxonomists.
Splitters are workers.
Splitters can also contain custom content.
Splitters can cause damage to the jack.
Splitters create multi-panes with automatic resizing plus horizontal and vertical positioning.
Splitters provide more topology flexibility for users.
Splitters show off their first find.
Splitters work immediately.
Splitters often reduce the quality of a phone line signal.
Every splitter has a characteristic loss.
Most splitters weaken signals.
Splitting lanes is common.
A splurge is humoring
Splurges online appear to differ from splurges at regular shopping venues.
Splurges online appear to differ from splurges off line.
Splutter isa noise.
SPNI guides are highly qualified in the country and have many years of accumulated experience.
SPOC duty rotates among the systems programming staff on a weekly basis.
A spodumene is a mineral
Spodumene is a common mineral, but transparent gem forms occur in only a few select localities.
Spodumene is found only in granite pegmatites .
Spodumene is quite different from petalite.
Spodumenes are minerals.
Spoil banks consist of marsh soil and organic material.
Spoil banks disrupt the natural source of sediments needed for accretion and block overland flow.
Spoil banks host thick hardwoods.
Spoilage begins as soon as the fish dies.
Spoilage can begin as soon as seafood is harvested.
Spoilage can even occur if the finished product is refrigerated.
Spoilage can occur due to softening and disease infection of the eyes.
Spoilage can occur either during the fermentation period or upon storage of the final product.
Spoilage can occur while the fruit still has enough moisture for microbial growth.
Spoilage generally appears as mold on the cheese.
Spoilage happens while the meat is raw and is a result of lipid oxidation.
Spoilage is a big safety concern when it comes to African sorghum beer.
Spoilage is a concern if the cooling air is pulled down through the grain.
Spoilage is a major concern resulting in losses of food supplies.
Spoilage is an injury
Spoilage is covered if caused by breakdown, contamination or power disruption.
Spoilage is decay.
Spoilage is minimized in silos that have been filled rapidly, packed well and sealed quickly.
Spoilage is more prevalent as temperatures rise.
Spoilage is more prevalent with diseased, bruised, or skinned tubers.
Spoilage isa indefinite quantity.
Spoilage leading to botulism can cause life-threatening illness.
Spoilage starts after one week in unopened freezers even in the absense of electricity.
All spoilage is destroyed by a shredder.
All spoilage occurs at the inspection point.
Spoiled ballots are a common occurrence in ALL elections.
Spoiled ballots have no legal or constitutional standing.
Spoiled fish can smell bad, be slimy, or rancid.
Spoiled fish have a sharp, peppery taste.
Spoiled fluid is classified as a hazardous waste and disposal costs are significant.
Spoiled food can create that.
Spoiled food can taste, smell, and look okay.
Spoiled food is organic matter.
Spoiled grain can also produce mold spores that become airborne when disturbed.
Spoiled grain can release dust and mold spores into the air during handling.
Spoiled kids are manipulative, inconsiderate of others and are prone to throw temper tantrums.
Spoiled kittens are occasionally available, call and reserve one today.
Spoiled produce remains the primary source of food.
Spoiled sushi can be toxic with parasites.
Spoiled vegetables can be dangerous.
Spoiler warnings are inappropriate in an encyclopedia.
A spoiler is a surface
Spoiler starts here.
Spoilers abound, though none so spoiled as the screenplay.
Spoilers add downforce to the car to keep it on the track.
Spoilers are airfoils.
Spoilers are already out in force.
Spoilers are bad.
Spoilers are campaigners.
Spoilers are flat panels that raise from the top of the wings on touchdown.
Spoilers are hard to decide, because there's no direct ones.
Spoilers are here .
Spoilers are long narrow flat plates typically fitted along the upper surface of both wings.
Spoilers are panels on the wings that pop up to slow the plane on landing.
Spoilers are posts that talk about new or upcoming episodes.
Spoilers are small plates that are used to disrupt the flow over the wing.
Spoilers are small, hinged plates on the top portion of wings.
Spoilers are things that reveal the plot of the story.
Spoilers create additional drag to slow down the plane.
Spoilers grab attention.
A spoilsport is a person
Spoilsports is finally ready to reveal the identity of the one million dollar winner.
Spoilsports never give up in their quest to deaden the human spirit.
Spokane man faces child porn charges.
Spoke length is important, but computing the right length is a black art.
Spoke nipples tighten in the opposite direction of a normal nut.
Spoke shaves are simple tools originally used to round the edges of wooden spokes.
Spoke strength has a great bearing on a wheel's reliability.
Spoke tension is the most difficult and elusive aspect of wheelbuilding.
Spoke wheels are no good.
A spoke is support
Spoke isa device.
Spokes are also important, but to a lesser degree.
Spokes are either cold forged or drawn.
Spokes are part of wheels.
Spokes are replaceable, giving rise to a large array of problems.
Spokes are shafts.
Spokes are support.
Spokes are the thin metal rods that radiate from the hub of the wheel.
Spokes are wooden.
Spokes bend angle variable on request.
Spokes come in different sizes and used to be classified in a confusing manner.
Spokes come twisted in polished stainless steel or chrome.
Spokes enables the display of spokes points and lines.
Spokes fit through carbon molding to rim.
Spokes have (part) sections.
Spokes Keep tight, replace broken ones promptly.
Spokes lead from education to outer circle to varied disciplines.
Spokes point to the right.
Spokes represent express routes connecting hubs, local service, and community circulators.
Spokes run down from each to a sweet spot at the hub.
Spokes work loose all the time.
All spokes lead to the center.
Most spokes are likely to be helpful to some students and, it is hoped, do no harm to the rest.
Some spokes are part of bicycles.
Some spokes are part of bikes.
Some spokes are part of carts.
Some spokes are part of drays.
Some spokes are part of lorries.
Some spokes are part of wagons.
Spoked drivers look nice, as does the firebox glow .
Spoken agreements are legally binding, however, there is much more room for misunderstandings.
Spoken commands activate the headlights, windows, door locks, stereo and more.
Spoken comments are nicely in sync with the animations and are plainly heard.
Spoken conversations do the same sort of thing.
Spoken defamation is called slander and written defamation is called libel.
Spoken dialogue is performed in English, musical numbers in the original Spanish.
Spoken dialogue poses many new problems to researchers in the field of computational linguistics.
Spoken directions are much more helpful and considerate.
Spoken drama resembles modern plays in other countries.
Spoken expression is much more effective than written.
Spoken headwords help students with pronunciation.
Spoken headwords provide a model for correct pronunciation.
Spoken information is available in a variety of languages.
Spoken instructions ensure that even prereaders benefit from parts of the program.
Spoken instructions ensure that even pre-readers can work independently.
Spoken instructions guide non-sighted users through a standard installation program.
Spoken instructions guide the user through each step of the defibrillation process.
Spoken intentions are notoriously unreliable.
Spoken language adds other interesting problems to the mix.
Spoken language can be hard to learn for kids with autism.
Spoken language can have different rules than written language .
Spoken language can have different rules than written language.
Spoken language comes before written language.
Spoken language contains many signals to make the meaning of a sentence clear.
Spoken language contrasts with written language.
Spoken language epitomizes human creativity.
Spoken language evolves much more quickly than written language.
Spoken language has a body and a breath to it.
Spoken language has different and more subtle signals.
Spoken language has no words for that sacred experience.
Spoken language is a bi-levelled process.
Spoken language is both conceptually and empirically prior to written language.
Spoken language is communication
Spoken language is different from writing.
Spoken language is filled with ambiguities.
Spoken language is just noise to dogs.
Spoken language is mastered through classroom and laboratory practice.
Spoken language is much different than written language.
Spoken language is much richer than written language .
Spoken language is much richer than written language.
Spoken language is new to young children.
Spoken language is often considerably poorer than comprehension of language.
Spoken language is one area of content that clearly lends itself to non-print presentation formats.
Spoken language is southern provinces is hard to understand.
Spoken language is the earliest tool that children use to enter the social culture.
Spoken language is the only language used by children at all times.
Spoken language is used to pass on complex and concrete ideas.
Spoken language is, by nature, an auditorily perceived language.
Spoken language occurs at a low frequency.
Spoken language supports literacy.
Spoken languages use sounds from the mouth and are understood with the ears .
Spoken languages use sounds from the mouth and are understood with the ears.
Many spoken languages have no written form .
Many spoken languages have no written form.
Many spoken languages mark only inclusive, but no spoken language marks only exclusive.
Spoken lines are in bold .
Spoken message is much clearer than the previous one.
Spoken messages help progress without too much reading.
Spoken metaphor is the verbal elaboration of that language.
Spoken praise increases intrinsic motivation.
Spoken prayers are one way of nurturing spirituality at bedtime.
Spoken promises are very hard to prove or enforce.
Spoken promises are worthless.
Spoken pronunciations eliminate the guesswork and help prevent embarrassing mispronunciations.
Spoken rhetoric is oratory.
Every spoken sound is actually a combination of different sounds, some low, some high.
Spoken speech engages another whole sense and enriches the medium immensely.
A spoken word is a word
Spoken word accounts for one fifth of all UK cassette sales.
Spoken word cassettes.
Spoken word is a continuation of that legacy, lively, vital, animated.
Spoken word is a funny thing.
Spoken word is a poetry characterized by a poetics of presence.
Spoken word is about sounds and memorization of a work.
Spoken word is also foreign language tapes, lectures, self-help and others.
Spoken word is inherently social .
Spoken word is live , and possesses the energy, urgency and risk of any live performance.
Spoken word is one of the oldest forms of entertainment in the world.
Spoken word is political .
Spoken word is the underground performance of written poetry.
Spoken word presents some challenges in terms of recording.
Spoken word seems to be the best catch all term so people dan interpret it any way that they want.
Spoken words appear immediately on the screen.
Spoken words are here and gone in an instant.
Spoken words are like snowflakes.
Spoken words are more powerful than swords.
Spoken words are responsible for the tragedy.
Spoken words become redundant for the tacit text, coming next again and again and again and again.
Spoken words can manifest life or death, good or bad, positive or negative outcomes.
Spoken words come out of the heart and so are a true index of character.
Spoken words drift away after they are mouthed.
Spoken words provide a universal means of communication.
Every spoken word becomes a living thing - to minister, or to destroy.
A spokesman is a representative
Spokesman are available and have been interviewed many times on television, radio and in the press.
Spokesman denies illegality.
Spokesmans are spokespersons.
Spokesmen appear increasingly over the air and Nationalist numbers are growing.
Spokesmen can be qualified to support a project.
Spokesmen deny exploiting the situation.
Spokesmen voice little agony of soul over the Christian church's divided condition.
Some spokesmen claim that they have suffered from abuse and discrimination for many years.
A spokesperson is an advocate
Spokesperson are available.
Spokespersons are advocates.
Spokespersons are available for interviews with the press.
Spokespersons are available to be interviewed in Spanish.
Spokespersons are people.
Spokespersons are workers.
Spokespersons describe cheap gasoline and favorable weather as beneficial factors.
A spoliation is aggression
Spoliation is analogous to perjury, for which there is no tort remedy.
Spoliation is the destruction or suppression of evidence.
Spoliation means the altering, destroying, suppressing or losing of evidence.
Spoliations are destruction.
A spondee is cadence
Spondee presents contemporary poets.
Spondees are bisyllabic words equally emphasizing both syllables.
A spondylolisthesis is dislocation
Spondylolisthesis can contribute to foraminal stenosis when the top vertebrae moves forward.
Spondylolisthesis is a condition in which a vertebra slips forward on the vertebra below it.
Spondylolisthesis is a slippage of the vertebrae.
Spondylolisthesis is defined as the forward slipping of a vertebral body over the one below it.
Spondylolisthesis is most common in the lumbar area.
Spondylolisthesis is the slipping of all or part of one vertebra forward on another vertebra.
Spondylolisthesis is the term used to describe when one vertebra slips forward on the one below it.
Spondylolisthesis occurs in roughly two-thirds of adults with bilateral pars defects.
Spondylolisthesis refers to slippage or displacement, without regard for direction.
Spondylolisthesises are diseases.
Spondylolisthesises are dislocation.
A sponge bath is a bathing
Sponge baths are an excellent introduction for both babies and parents.
Sponge baths are the best way to bathe in space.
Sponge baths can be effective between showers or baths.
A sponge cake is a cake
Sponge cake is another versatile cake, with a multitude of types and recipes.
Sponge cakes are thought to be the oldest cakes made without yeast.
Sponge cells are very plastic and easily change from one type to another.
Sponge cells obtain oxygen from water moving through the sponge by diffusion.
Sponge crabs avoid predators.
Sponge crabs carry sponges to camouflage themselves.
Sponge cucumber contains vitamin and fiber.
Sponge filters are great for fry.
Sponge fishing remains a part of Tarpon Springs present economy.
Sponge fishing remains a part of Tarpon Springs' present economy.
Some sponge fishing is done in the Philippines, but it is of minor importance in the world market.
Sponge larvae have cilia.
Sponge paint designs on wrapping paper, greeting cards and more.
Sponge performances are more free-form.
Sponge use is optional.
A sponge is absorbent
Sponge answers questions from online fans.
Sponge isa material.
Sponge isa stuff.
Sponges absorb water by capillary action, as do many kinds of natural fibers used for clothing.
Sponges absorb water.
Sponges also are just remarkably beautiful.
Sponges also breathe and excrete waste in the same way.
Sponges also have great powers of regeneration from injury or predation.
Sponges also have pharmaceutical value.
Sponges also produce borings, commonly riddling shells with numerous small holes.
Sponges also produce borings, often riddling shells with numerous tiny holes.
Sponges also reproduce asexually by the formation of buds or gemmules.
Sponges also reproduce sexually by producing gametes.
Sponges also reproduce sexually.
Sponges also work well, and can also be found at a pet store.
Sponges appear to represent an early stage of multicellularity in the animal clade.
Sponges aquire nutrients by a process in which they use their aquiferous system to filter water.
Sponges are a haven for breeding bacteria and the fastest way to pass on germs.
Sponges are a primitive form of multi-cellular animal.
Sponges are a safe alternative.
Sponges are a very ancient group that is remotely related to the metazoa.
Sponges are able to get microorganisms such as algae and bacteria for food through openings.
Sponges are absorbent materials.
Sponges are aerobic.
Sponges are also able to repair damages to their bodies.
Sponges are also able to reproduce asexually through budding.
Sponges are also keystone species.
Sponges are also know to regenerate lost body parts.
Sponges are also of some importance.
Sponges are among the many splashes of color on coral reefs.
Sponges are among the most colourful and interesting creatures at the reef.
Sponges are among the simplest of animals.
Sponges are among the simplest of the macroscopic animals found in a marine aquarium.
Sponges are among the structurally simplest multicellular animals, lacking true tissues and organs.
Sponges are an ancient and highly successful group of animals.
Sponges are ancient but unprogressive animals.
Sponges are animals which live at the bottom of our oceans and other bodies of water.
Sponges are animals.
Sponges are aquatic, largely marine, animals with a great diversity in size, shape, and color.
Sponges are as important as corals for reef structure.
Sponges are asymetrical and have many special types of cells.
Sponges are available floating in water in large blue tubs.
Sponges are available for cleaning the bench tops and wiping spills.
Sponges are bacteria factories.
Sponges are bottom-dwelling creatures that grow connected to a solid object.
Sponges are characterized by the possession of a feeding system unique among animals.
Sponges are considered the oldest living animal phylum.
Sponges are considered unicellular organisms.
Sponges are creatures that live in oceans and seas.
Sponges are different from other animals in that they can only use intracellular digestion.
Sponges are different from other animals since they present only intracellular digestion.
Sponges are distinct, having the most simple body structure of all multi-cellular animals.
Sponges are diverse in color and shape and can be very beautiful.
Sponges are divided into classes based on the type of spicules in their skeleton.
Sponges are either radially symmetrical or asymmetrical.
Sponges are especially fun to play with because they come in so many different textures.
Sponges are essential for the functioning of the coral reef's ecosystem.
Sponges are exclusively aquatic.
Sponges are extremely simple, sessile animals.
Sponges are filter feeders.
Sponges are filtering beings.
Sponges are found in a range of habitats including coastal zones as well as the deep-sea bottoms.
Sponges are generally sessile as adults and spend their lives attached to a fixed substratum.
Sponges are globular, cylindrical, conical, or irregular in shape.
Sponges are great for absorbing, picking up, erasing.
Sponges are great for heavy duty cream bases, stick foundations, and oil-based foundations.
Sponges are great for lifting color from a wash.
Sponges are hermaphrodites, which means that they have male and female reproductive parts.
Sponges are hermaphroditic , that is, they have both sexes in one body.
Sponges are hermaphroditic but usually cross-fertilize.
Sponges are homes for many small animals including worms, insect larvae, and mites.
Sponges are important in nutrient cycles in coral reef systems.
Sponges are in the phylum .
Sponges are invertebrates.
Sponges are invertebrates.
Sponges are kind of like the exception to the rules of invertebrates.
Sponges are known by scientists as porifera.
Sponges are loosely organ- ized animals.
Sponges are made of four simple and independent cells.
Sponges are marine animals, live singly and attach to a substrate.
Sponges are marine creatures that can be found in almost all habitats including polar regions.
Sponges are metazoans, multicellular animals.
Sponges are mostly marine animals of widely varying size and shape.
Sponges are multicellular and display cellular differentiation.
Sponges are multicellular and usually have irregular habits of growth.
Sponges are multicellular organisms with a certain level of cell differentiation.
Sponges are multicellular organisms.
Sponges are multi-cellular.
Sponges are often soft bodied, many are fragile and colors are generally unstable.
Sponges are particulate feeders.
Sponges are plant-like creatures growing in colonies on the ocean floor.
Sponges are pre-cut in all different shapes for different crafts.
Sponges are preyed on by many animals.
Sponges are primarily marine animals found from tide pools to the ocean deeps.
Sponges are scarce.
Sponges are sessile , they live in one place, where they are fixed to the ground.
Sponges are sessile and feed by filtering water that flows through their bodies.
Sponges are sessile and typically feed by drawing in water through pores.
Sponges are sessile animals that live in fresh or salt water.
Sponges are sessile, they live in one place, where they are 'fixed' to the ground.
Sponges are sessile, they stay in place.
Sponges are simple animals.
Sponges are simple on the surface.
Sponges are single use only.
Sponges are some of the most primitive animals still around today.
Sponges are strong animals with dense skeletons that are well adapted to their environments.
Sponges are subdivided into three classes.
Sponges are suspension feeders.
Sponges are terrestrial invertebrates.
Sponges are the most primitive multicellular animals.
Sponges are the most simple form of animal found as fossils in Kentucky.
Sponges are the most simple of the muticellular animals.
Sponges are the other catch of the local fishermen.
Sponges are the simplest animals known.
Sponges are the simplest animals, yet even they have a transport system.
Sponges are the simplest form of animals.
Sponges are the simplest form of living animal.
Sponges are the simplest form of multi-cellular animals.
Sponges are the simplest of the multicell eukaryotes.
Sponges are the simplest of the multicellular animals.
Sponges are the untapped biochemical lab of the sea.
Sponges are their own phylum.
Sponges are treasures for bathing and cleaning.
Sponges are used commercially all over the world daily in many different societies and cultures.
Sponges are used for cleaning.
Sponges are very diverse in apperance, size and complexity.
Sponges are very easy to remove.
Sponges are very refreshing and last for extended periods of time.
Sponges belong to Phylum a. Cnidaria.
Sponges can absorb a lot of water.
Sponges can actually move in all of the ways listed above, except for burrowing into the sand.
Sponges can also reconstitiute themselves if their cells are separated into a suspension.
Sponges can also reproduce sexually, by division and fragmentation, in the same way as many plants.
Sponges can be cuyt in squares or cut with scissors into more complicated shapes.
Sponges can be round, flat, or branched.
Sponges can digest large particles and tiny organisms for sustenance.
Sponges can filter a volume of water equal to their own body every five to twenty seconds.
Sponges can harbor battalions of nasty microbes.
Sponges can live in any type of aquatic environment, no matter the temperature of the water.
Sponges can produce sexually as well as asexually.
Sponges can reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Sponges can reproduce sexually or asexually.
Sponges can take the shape of small tubes, large sheets or even resemble elephant ears.
Sponges capture food using nematocysts.
Sponges Choanoflagellates Protoaan ancestral sponge.
Sponges Click on photos for larger image.
Sponges collect nutrients from the water through their choanocyte cells.
Sponges come in a range of textures and types.
Sponges come in all size, shapes, and colors.
Sponges come in just about every color imaginable.
Sponges come in shapes.
Sponges come in various shapes.
Sponges Compressed sponges are a favorite with political and other campaigns.
Sponges contain debris.
Sponges contain minerals.
Sponges contain sea minerals.
Sponges contain silica.
Sponges continually pump water through their bodies.
Sponges crack in too much air, remain yellowy dead until water fills each cavity.
Sponges demonstrate the cellular level of organization.
Sponges die to remove moisture and removes scrap clay, using knife.
Sponges die when the water becomes too cold in the fall or winter.
Sponges differ from all other marine invertebrates in that they have no true tissues or organs.
Sponges differ from other animals in that all digestion is by the intracellular mechanism.
Sponges eat very fine detritus particles and organisms such as bacteria and plankton.
Sponges encrust the rocks and leeches are common.
Sponges even use the choanocyte when it's time to reproduce.
Sponges exhibit high power of regeneration.
Sponges fall into three main groups according to how their bodies are organized.
Sponges feed by creating a current of water that flows through a series of tiny pores and canals.
Sponges feed by filtering microscopic organisms from the water.
Sponges feed, breath, reproduce, and excrete by means of pumping water through their body.
Sponges grow attached to rocks and other objects at the sea- bottom.
Sponges grow in all different shapes, sizes, colors, and textures.
Sponges grow in the ocean.
Sponges grow on rocks, but more commonly on submerged sticks and branches.
Sponges growing on reefs can provide virus-fighting agents.
Sponges have a cellular grade of organization.
Sponges have a felty appearance, while compound tunicates usually have a shiny surface.
Sponges have a skeleton.
Sponges have an asymmetric body with no true tissues, no organs.
Sponges have an even more amazing ability.
Sponges have an osculum, an opening in the upper body.
Sponges have bodies in the form of tubular vases or globes open in the upper extremity.
Sponges have capacity.
Sponges have different amoeboid cells in the mesohyl.
Sponges have few enemies.
Sponges have holes throughout their bodies in addition.
Sponges have irregular symmetry or no symmetry.
Sponges have many mobile cell types.
Sponges have many pores, holes and channels in their bodies.
Sponges have medicinal potential .
Sponges have medicinal potential.
Sponges have multiple cell types that are geared toward executing various metabolic functions.
Sponges have no muscles, nerves and gut that the other animals possess.
Sponges have no nervous system .
Sponges have no nervous system and no specialised sensory cells.
Sponges have no nervous system.
Sponges have no symmetry.
Sponges have no tissue, but they do have specialized cells.
Sponges have spicules, which are secreted by the amoeboid cells.
Sponges have three cell types.
Sponges have three main tissue layers.
Sponges have to compete with other sessile biota.
Sponges have very high regenerative powers.
Sponges hold water.
Sponges inhabit corals for the purpose of protection from predators.
Sponges inhabit every environment, from marine-tropical to polar.
Sponges lack a gut.
Sponges lack a nervous system and have no true musculature.
Sponges lack any kind of specialized organs but instead have well-developed connective tissue.
Sponges lack complex digestive, respiratory, circulatory, reproductive, and nervous systems.
Sponges lack organs and tissue, and all the cells exhibit considerable independence.
Sponges lack tissue and organs and are typically asymmetrical.
Sponges lack tissues and organs and are typically asymmetrical assemblages of cells.
Sponges lack true organs.
Sponges live in all types of regions all over the region.
Sponges live in the ocean.
Sponges live on the bottom of oceans, rivers, and streams.
Sponges make great paint applicators for all sorts of projects.
Sponges move huge volumes of water through their bodies every day.
Sponges play a vital role on reefs, providing structure, food and filtration.
Sponges play an important role in the structure and function of Caribbean coral reef communities.
Sponges possess extensive regeneration abilities for repair and asexual reproduction.
Sponges possess hard spicules of inorganic material or softer protein fibers.
Sponges primarily reproduce asexually.
Sponges provide habitat for wide variety of animals.
Sponges provide shelter for other marine animals including brittle stars, fish, shrimp and worms.
Sponges pump a surprising amount of water in a day.
Sponges pump large quantities of water through their bodies.
Sponges pump remarkable amounts of water.
Sponges quickly become dirty bacteria breeding grounds and are a thing of the past.
Sponges range in grade depending on the complexity of the internal water canals within the sponge.
Sponges remain sessile as adults, however as gametes, are vagrant.
Sponges reproduce asexually by budding, fragmentation, and producing gemmules.
Sponges reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Sponges reproduce by sexual as well as asexual methods.
Sponges reproduce sexually and asexually.
Sponges reproduce sexually by releasing sperm into the water.
Sponges reproduce through regeneration.
Sponges serve a variety of vital functions in reef ecosystems.
Sponges show all variations of form, size, and color.
Sponges show modular growth.
Sponges sit on the bottom of the sea actively pumping seawater through their bodies.
Sponges soak in water.
Sponges spend most of their time filtering and cleaning sea water.
Sponges sprout out of the coral, forming large, plate-like structures or tall, elegant baskets.
Sponges survive by filtering water and capturing small food particles.
Sponges take on a variety of shapes, sizes and colors.
Sponges take up an entire phylum for several reasons.
Sponges typically feed by drawing in water through pores.
Sponges typically release sperm into the water.
Sponges use chemical defense against environmental stress factors like predation.
Sponges use currents in clever ways.
Sponges use the flagella to move when they are larvae.
Sponges use their pores to feed and reproduce.
Sponges vary in shape, color and size.
Sponges vary in size, shape, and color.
Sponges usually stay in one place all their lives.
All sponges are aquatic and the majority of species are marine.
All sponges have a similar body plan which basically resembles a sac filled with holes.
All sponges possess a remarkable ability to regenerate lost parts.
Many sponges are asymmetrical, but some exhibit radial symmetry.
Many sponges are rare and many are found in deep waters making sampling difficult.
Many sponges have endosymbiont relationships with green algae.
Most sponges absorb water.
Most sponges are both male and female.
Most sponges are found in seawater, only a few in fresh water.
Most sponges are hermaphrodites, animals in which individuals have both male and female gonads.
Most sponges are hermaphrodites, each individual bearing both eggs and sperm.
Most sponges are hermaphrodites, possessing both eggs and sperm.
Most sponges are hermaphrodites, that is, they produce both male and female sex cells.
Most sponges are hermaphrodites.
Most sponges are Hermaphroditic which means that they are able to produce both sperm and eggs.
Most sponges are hermaphroditic, meaning that a single organism has both eggs and sperm.
Most sponges are hermaphroditic, which means each adult can act as either female or male.
Most sponges are marine but a few live in freshwater.
Most sponges are monoecious.
Most sponges are sessile.
Most sponges come in shapes.
Most sponges come in various shapes.
Most sponges contain debris.
Most sponges contain minerals.
Most sponges contain sea minerals.
Most sponges contain silica.
Most sponges feed by collecting bacteria from the water that streams through their porous bodies.
Most sponges have capacity.
Most sponges live their lives attached to a reef.
Most sponges reproduce sexually.
Most sponges stay in one place, attached to a solid surface.
Some sponges are carnivorous and use their spicules to capture small crustaceans.
Some sponges are distinctive in shape or colour, but can vary in shape sometimes dramatically.
Some sponges are hermaphrodite, but others are unisex.
Some sponges benefit from the presence of small symbiotic algae known as zooxanthellae.
Some sponges come armed with glasslike skeletal spikes, microscopic and as beautiful as snowflakes.
Some sponges contain chemicals.
Some sponges contain toxic chemicals.
Some sponges grow quite large.
Some sponges grow very rapidly and have short lives though.
Some sponges have capability.
Some sponges have contact.
Some sponges have distinct smell.
Some sponges have endoskeletons made of calcium carbonate or silicon.
Some sponges have endoskeletons.
Some sponges have fertilization.
Some sponges have hard, mineralized skeletons called spicules .
Some sponges have oviparous fertilization where sperm and eggs meet in open water.
Some sponges have ranges.
Some sponges have sex.
Some sponges have slime.
Some sponges have spicules that are made of flexible protein called spongin.
Some sponges have spicules.
Some sponges have symbiotic algae and can bleach like corals.
Some sponges have teeth.
Some sponges keep their shape by forming spicules, tiny rods that brace up the sponge's cells.
Some sponges offer protection.
Some sponges play an important role in helping nudibranchs defend themselves.
Some sponges produce buds.
Some spongelike material is inserted between artery and nerve roots to act as a shock absorber.
A sponger is a follower
Spongers ascend to top spot with three impressive victories.
Spongy bone appears porous, has less bone matrix and more space than compact bone.
Spongy bone consists of bars, spicules or trabeculae, which forms a lattice meshwork.
Spongy bone consists of trabeculae with numerous red marrow-filled spaces.
Spongy bone fills the expanded ends of long bones.
Spongy bone forms the inner layer.
Spongy bone grows outward . . .
Spongy bone has many spaces between bony struts.
Spongy bone is deep to compact bone.
Spongy bone is found in the ends of long bones such as the femur.
Spongy bone is found inside many long bones.
Spongy bone is found inside the epiphysis, and is less compact than compact bone.
Spongy bone is strong yet decreases the weight of the skeleton.
Spongy bone makes up the inner portion and is less dense, softer, and weaker.
Spongy bone occurs at the ends of bones and has bony bars and plates separated by irregular spaces.
Spongy bone occurs at the ends of long bones and is less dense than compact bone.
Spongy bone occurs in most bones.
Spongy bones are bone tissue.
Spongy bones contain marrow.
Spongy bones contain red marrow.
Most spongy bones contain marrow.
Most spongy bones contain red marrow.
Some spongy bones are covered by layers.
Some spongy bones form inner layers.
Spongy bread makes from flour.
Most spongy bread makes from flour.
Spongy foam is added inside for comfort and fit.
Spongy handles mean less strain on the joints and hands.
Spongy roots absorb water.
Most spongy roots absorb water.
Spongy shapes swim inside as child pats the clear plastic mat.
Spongy tissue surrounds body organs.
Spongy tissue surrounds organs.
Most spongy tissue surrounds body organs.
Most spongy tissue surrounds organs.
Some spongy tissue surrounds male urethras.
Some spongy tissue surrounds urethras.
Sponsor candidate debates in certain political races.
Sponsor candidate debates.
Sponsor churches give credibility to new churches.
Sponsor contributions are central to the success of the conference.
Sponsor links come first.
A sponsor is a helper
Sponsor assumes liability for all content.
Sponsor begins to provide benefits to prospect and prospect s family.
Sponsor costs reductions, process improvements, and defect reduction programs.
Sponsor panels that address issues specific to each individual groups.
Sponsor seminars on construction safety issues.
Sponsor seminars with faculty and groups.
Sponsor supplies computers.
Sponsors achieve exceptional value for money by effectively sharing the cost with others.
Sponsors act as a first contact person and guide for the newcomers.
Sponsors actively seek sponsorship of the show.
Sponsors Add URL Fill out the form below to submit a link.
Sponsors agree to be responsible for the content of the Web site.
Sponsors agree to take full responsibility for the content of their programs.
Sponsors also announce upcoming competitions in professional journals.
Sponsors also appreciate the complete implementation services that are part of the programs.
Sponsors also ask that there be no water fights along the parade route or near activities.
Sponsors also benefit from PR events, such as photo-calls, breakfast briefings and receptions.
Sponsors also blanket their logos on the walls of the area's tracks.
Sponsors also can be neighbors or local businesses.
Sponsors also earn credit for taking the leadership step to make the insurance program available.
Sponsors also evaluate the learning derived by the student in order to assign academic credit.
Sponsors also gain publicity and a reputation as a supporter of innovation.
Sponsors also get a T-shirt.
Sponsors also get the right to work plugs for their products into the show.
Sponsors also have access to internal technical reports and unpublished research.
Sponsors also have the opportunity to see their contributions at work in the community.
Sponsors also have the use of a stage area for presentations.
Sponsors also model the new behaviors required by the target population of change.
Sponsors also present a number of special awards to selected companies.
Sponsors also provide the team the needed resources.
Sponsors also receive a post-summit list of press that attended for follow up.
Sponsors also receive aggregate outcomes reports and other exclusive benefits.
Sponsors also receive an impressive array of benefits that are extended throughout the season.
Sponsors also receive electronic versions of the documents.
Sponsors also receive on free registration for the conference.
Sponsors also recognize the value of reaching a loyal audience who care about their children.
Sponsors also recruit donors in the community by advertising.
Sponsors also serve in a ministerial capacity.
Sponsors also support other chapter activities.
Sponsors are a number of paleontological associations from around the world.
Sponsors are a very important part of the economics in putting teams on the ice.
Sponsors are a very important part of the game.
Sponsors are a vital ingredient.
Sponsors are able to come by at almost any time.
Sponsors are able to determine their remuneration by utilizing participant fees.
Sponsors are active members of the club in good standing.
Sponsors are acutely aware of ratings and want advertising dollars to achieve maximum impact.
Sponsors are already in the business of import of chemicals and oil for their clients.
Sponsors are also able to update members through our moderated email mailing list.
Sponsors are also responsible for all participant supply and material costs.
Sponsors are also responsible for providing room and board for the course instructors.
Sponsors are also vital to the success of the techCommUnity initiative.
Sponsors are always concerned about food expenses with their meal services.
Sponsors are always in demand.
Sponsors are always welcome to help defray the costs of continued development.
Sponsors are always welcome.
Sponsors are an important part of the Festival.
Sponsors are available for scholarships.
Sponsors are businesses and in turn, want to support teams that are organized.
Sponsors are category-exclusive and are limited to five sponsors.
Sponsors are clamoring to get into the pig act.
Sponsors are committed to making course activities accessible to all participants.
Sponsors are crucial since competing can be very expensive.
Sponsors are culpable for the actions of their guests.
Sponsors are difficult to find and the United Kingdom is no different.
Sponsors are easy to find and are available for enthusiastic, creative, competitive players.
Sponsors are encouraged to focus on both the quantity and quality of the nominee's achievements.
Sponsors are frequently civic groups, schools, or veterans' organizations.
Sponsors are generally drug manufacturers.
Sponsors are good listeners.
Sponsors are honorary owners.
Sponsors are important in both chambers.
Sponsors are important to the program and to the builders who participate.
Sponsors are in place and things are looking good.
Sponsors are less likely to support a team, players can lose motivation and fans can lose interest.
Sponsors are literally individual transition managers.
Sponsors are members willing and able to share their recovery experience.
Sponsors are more than welcome.
Sponsors are most welcome to help defray the cost of the workshop.
Sponsors are nicotine addicts who have learned to live life without nicotine.
Sponsors are notoriously adverse to controversy.
Sponsors are often the make or break factor in the realisation of a dream.
Sponsors are older, well-respected persons chosen by the bride and groom.
Sponsors are on the sponsors page.
Sponsors are on the way.
Sponsors are our life-blood.
Sponsors are out there for all levels.
Sponsors are out there.
Sponsors are people who help with the translation cost of a project.
Sponsors are responsible for adhering to the regulations.
Sponsors are responsible for cleanup and removal of items from outside food orders only.
Sponsors are responsible for delivering kits to applicants.
Sponsors are responsible for finding disposal sites.
Sponsors are responsible for lodging, if needed.
Sponsors are responsible for maintaining their own data collection, email and opt-out policies.
Sponsors are responsible for managing such guests.
Sponsors are responsible for overnight accommodations, if needed.
Sponsors are responsible for plane fares at the time of booking.
Sponsors are responsible for preparing the work site and supplying materials and tools.
Sponsors are responsible for providing all food, table service, and utensils.
Sponsors are responsible for providing one week of professional experience to their externs.
Sponsors are responsible for removing posted materials upon expiration of the approved time period.
Sponsors are responsible for seeing that proposals are thorough, rigorous, and complete.
Sponsors are responsible for seeing that the entrant is pre-registered.
Sponsors are responsible for their guests' actions.
Sponsors are responsible for their guests, and ensuring that they are familiar with the rules.
Sponsors are responsible for their students during the entire fair, and travel to and from the fair.
Sponsors are responsible for transportation expenses to and from arrival and departure point.
Sponsors are responsible to secure all required permits and licenses.
Sponsors are the banners which can be found in some areas of the site.
Sponsors are the driving force behind many of the events held by the association.
Sponsors are the name of the game.
Sponsors are the student life and campus safety departments.
Sponsors are then sort after.
Sponsors are to be actively involved in the preparation of the candidate.
Sponsors are to provide a pre-printed page in the convention notebook.
Sponsors are top names from industry, government and business enterprise.
Sponsors are typically community centres, clubs, religious institutions or parent groups.
Sponsors are typically in top positions in organizations.
Sponsors are usually flexible about arranging times.
Sponsors are usually parents, a close relative or a family friend.
Sponsors are very friendly people.
Sponsors are vital to all major forms of automobile racing.
Sponsors are vital to the economics of our league.
Sponsors are volunteer agencies, organizations, and individuals.
Sponsors are wary of supporting a discredited sport.
Sponsors are welcome and encouraged.
Sponsors are welcome though.
Sponsors are welcome to make special request over the format of our final round of presentation.
Sponsors are welcome to write their own blurbs.
Sponsors are welcome.
Sponsors are wonderful people.
Sponsors are worldwide and include many universities.
Sponsors arrange for donated meals from local restaurants, PTO, parents or teachers.
Sponsors arrive two to three hours prior to the event to set up.
Sponsors assist interns with locating housing and making other arrangements.
Sponsors assume no responsibility for information received via the Internet.
Sponsors assume responsibility for prospective students during their entire visit.
Sponsors attend orientation functions with new students.
Sponsors bake sales, food fairs and famous guest speakers.
Sponsors Be Special.
Sponsors Be sure to visit our sponsors to find out more about the features and services they offer.
Sponsors Become a sponsor.
Sponsors Below is a list of sponsors that have donated to the club.
Sponsors Below is the list of sponsoring organizations.
Sponsors benefit by reaching a highly qualified, highly interested audience.
Sponsors benefit concerts and festivals to help amateur talent.
Sponsors benefit from advertising and public relations.
Sponsors benefit from fresh ideas and skills brought by students.
Sponsors call it a victory for decency.
Sponsors call the new law a safety measure to protect children from fatal accidents.
Sponsors can add content, links and special banners with video and email options to enhance value.
Sponsors can also get involved at the local level.
Sponsors can also participate in our weekly and monthly contests and promotions.
Sponsors can also provide in-kind services, contributions, and human resources instead of funding.
Sponsors can also provide promotional items to further expose the mascot.
Sponsors can also target by demographics, domain, browser, OS and time.
Sponsors can arrange for temporary housing.
Sponsors can be CEOs, former intrapreneurs, and owners.
Sponsors can be employers or employer associations and sometimes involve a union.
Sponsors can be individual people, groups, businesses, etc.
Sponsors can be individuals or groups.
Sponsors can be individuals, businesses, families or civic groups among others.
Sponsors can be local churches, civic organizations, or family members.
Sponsors can be private corporation, public entities or private fundations.
Sponsors Can be private sector and government agencies.
Sponsors can choose between a long term or short term commitment.
Sponsors can choose the time and duration of the experience, within student ability to participate.
Sponsors can choose to pay monthly or yearly.
Sponsors can combine different formats in the same ad campaign to ensure that content is varied.
Sponsors can complete the course by correspondence or in a group training session.
Sponsors can consider sponsoring talks for schools or their own companies.
Sponsors can contribute all or part of a crew member position.
Sponsors can contribute any amount to a student's scholarship fund.
Sponsors can correspond with their child and receive information on their progress.
Sponsors can direct their funding into package design and development activities.
Sponsors can donate t-shirts, food, printing, and other services.
Sponsors can either pledge by the mile or make a straight donation.
Sponsors can elect to hold dedicated training, open only to their students.
Sponsors can enroll family members by completing a TDP enrollment form.
Sponsors can enter and edit course offering schedules.
Sponsors can even choose which school they wish to benefit.
Sponsors can expect an aggressive marketing plan designed to reach all sectors of the community.
Sponsors can have adequate time to review the procedures, ask questions, and receive answers.
Sponsors can have their logos or labels attached to the pages.
Sponsors can help in a variety of ways.
Sponsors can increase staffing support without additional headcount.
Sponsors can interact directly with customers and potential customers.
Sponsors can learn Internet based business easily and support members at the same time.
Sponsors can list all their products and services, under appropriate category.
Sponsors can make the difference between a good show and a great show.
Sponsors can observe the events at no cost.
Sponsors can often participate.
Sponsors can order banners, links, keyword search sponsorships, e-commerce abilities and more.
Sponsors can pay Rs.
Sponsors can poll members in specific target areas.
Sponsors can provide almost anything, from a meeting place, money, or a van for a field trip.
Sponsors can provide volunteers to help with construction.
Sponsors can receive reduced rates for there group health insurance needs .
Sponsors can receive two complimentary workshop passes.
Sponsors can restrict any family member access regardless of age.
Sponsors can review automated queries in the same fashion.
Sponsors can sort, search and statistically analyze potential customers.
Sponsors can start by conducting more trials at sites that treat large numbers of women.
Sponsors can start Internet based businesses right away by our free websites, banners and training.
Sponsors can submit material to be included in the relocation packet.
Sponsors can support one, several or all newsletters .
Sponsors can underwrite the cost of a canvas.
Sponsors can use indicators to examine trends and explore root causes of problems.
Sponsors can use the findings to further their own goals.
Sponsors can withdraw their sponsorship if the sponsoree is inactive.
Sponsors can write a message to the camper on their bird.
Sponsors change on a regular basis.
Sponsors change quite frequently and thus new collectibles appear every year.
Sponsors cite similar benefits.
Sponsors cite strong anecdotal evidence that racial profiling is a problem countrywide.
Sponsors Click on a link to go to that web site.
Sponsors Click on a logo to visit the sponsor's web site.
Sponsors Click on the above link for more details.
Sponsors Click on the graphic above to go back to the home page.
Sponsors Click on the logos to visit our sponsors' sites.
Sponsors Click on their links below to visit their websites.
Sponsors Click the Logos to visit our sponsors' Web sites.
Sponsors Click thru, partnership and recurring.
Sponsors clinic staffed by law students for minors in refugee dentention centers.
Sponsors come and go, drivers are here one day and somewhere else the next.
Sponsors come from across North America.
Sponsors come on board because they're seeking very specific results and rewards.
Sponsors continue to come on board.
Sponsors contribute money to help support the enterprise, too.
Sponsors cover all of our printing costs.
Sponsors critique groups throughout southern California.
Sponsors define 'substantially' differently.
Sponsors demand lower rates for taking a chance on an unknown quantity.
Sponsors demand the world.
Sponsors die, lose interest, clubs go out of existence, etc.
Sponsors don t see it that way.
Sponsors donate a portion of a cup of food every time someone clicks on the site.
Sponsors donate based on the number of clicks.
Sponsors donate directly to Environmental Defense.
Sponsors donate funds and funds are of course crucial.
Sponsors donate funds for the purchase of the yearly passes.
Sponsors donate money to help train a guide dog, pets as therapy dog or buy a pup.
Sponsors drop out and new ones step forward to fill the gap.
Sponsors earn credit for taking the leadership step to make the insurance program available.
Sponsors emphasize gratitude and guides the newcomer in focusing on the good in their life.
Sponsors encourage regular contact.
Sponsors encourage the newcomer to attend a variety of meetings - and to keep an open mind.
Sponsors encourage the newcomer to develop a daily program of reading, prayer and meditation.
Sponsors Enter a search query in the box below.
Sponsors expect concrete help rather than theoretical analysis.
Sponsors expect sponsored guests to fully participate in the program.
Sponsors expect the organizing body to protect their interests.
Sponsors expect to see their cars make races and run for good finishes.
Sponsors expressly reserve the right to change or alter Rules at any time.
Sponsors feel good about helping people who are helping themselves.
Sponsors focus upon working with local leaders to promote participation and follow-through.
Sponsors form an intricate part of the success of any union.
Sponsors fund monthly meetings.
Sponsors fund the project on an annual subscription basis.
Sponsors gain enthusiastic, skilled help at lower cost to pursue commercial research projects.
Sponsors gain immediate access to the results of a wide range of ongoing programs.
Sponsors generally allow the grantees' travel policies to govern what can be reimbursed.
Sponsors generally obtain more prominence or exclusivity in particular areas on a web site.
Sponsors get a graphic at the top of the appropriate page for a year.
Sponsors get a logo link on our conference Web site.
Sponsors get careful attention during the creation and maintenance of web pages.
Sponsors get exposure through local news coverage, and any national exposure, etc.
Sponsors get for their money.
Sponsors get free ads.
Sponsors get free advertising.
Sponsors get publicity, banners, ads, etc.
Sponsors get recognition as well as free advertising.
Sponsors get signs in the gym along with basketball and volleyball passes.
Sponsors get to see all work done on their project.
Sponsors get unlimited banner advertising.
Sponsors give no warranty with respect to the prizes.
Sponsors give only what they can, when they can.
Sponsors giving up an account are sometimes less than swift.
Sponsors greatly appreciate prompt and frequent communications.
Sponsors handle the distribution on their Web sites.
Sponsors have access to a motivated and skilled labor pool.
Sponsors have all member privileges, with the exception of voting rights.
Sponsors have an opportunity to brand the entire event and provide an after dinner speaker.
Sponsors have direct links to their own websites and receive banner advertising on the site.
Sponsors have first right of return.
Sponsors have lots of money and there are lots of potential sponsors.
Sponsors have no influence on our ratings and are screened very carefully.
Sponsors have no responsibility to bail students out of trouble literally or figuratively.
Sponsors have opportunities to network with leading retailers several times a year.
Sponsors have pins.
Sponsors have questions about how and whether to comply with the detailed rules in the regulations.
Sponsors have several choices.
Sponsors have several options for the provision of meals.
Sponsors have the first right of refusal on renewals of page and meeting site sponsorships.
Sponsors have the first right to renew their sponsorship at the end of the contract period.
Sponsors have the responsibility to continue training and encouraging their distributors .
Sponsors have the satisfaction of knowing they are making a meaningful contribution to schools.
Sponsors have the the option to refill for an additional cost.
Sponsors have three seats at management board in addition to founders.
Sponsors have to make deeper, authentic commitments that are meaningful to consumers.
Sponsors have to see media.
Sponsors help cover the costs related to the sale and fund the scholarships.
Sponsors help defray the cost of staging the run.
Sponsors help defray the costs of publication and distribution.
Sponsors help provide a financial foundation for a student's college dream.
Sponsors help share the costs of marketing.
Sponsors help students in getting to know members of different classes.
Sponsors Help the games continue by sponsoring an athlete or a team.
Sponsors help the newcomer to learn to let go of the other person and put the focus on themselves.
Sponsors help the Tibetan community to work towards their goal of self-sufficiency.
Sponsors help to make the event a reality.
Sponsors Here are some magazines centered around astronomy.
Sponsors hope for a concrete product at the end of a fixed amount of time and money.
Sponsors hope to add Asian firms to the mix in the near future.
Sponsors hope to begin an annual tradition.
Sponsors hope to expand free access to the service to other parts of the state.
Sponsors hope to pass the remaining portions of the bill next spring.
Sponsors host the monthly meetings at which companies present to the members.
Sponsors impose numerous institutional and performance requirements.
Sponsors including airlines, rail and cruise companies decorate trees in the lobby.
Sponsors is a page which offers information to potential sponsors.
Sponsors is located within the exclusion zone.
Sponsors join connections in the private Winners' Bar for a celebratory drink.
Sponsors keep our site free.
Sponsors know exactly what they receive in exchange for sponsoring a site.
Sponsors know our charity mission is for real.
Sponsors know the fans are die-hard.
Sponsors Learn more about our Sponsors by clicking on their logo.
Sponsors like to see clear practical demonstrations of the results of their funding.
Sponsors like to see students giving of themselves.
Sponsors limit number of competitors to one per country.
Sponsors list subject to change.
Sponsors listed below are for example purposes only.
Sponsors live chats with college, career, and financial aid experts.
Sponsors make a financial donation for each click on their site.
Sponsors Make a tax deductible secure online donation now.
Sponsors make our site possible.
Sponsors make pledges to donate an amount for each learned fact.
Sponsors make the Summit Series possible.
Sponsors making cost-reimbursement awards sometimes require audits of project expenses.
Sponsors manage the project scope, ensuring that it remains focused on key mission needs.
Sponsors manage the team through their voting activity.
Sponsors mean so much to our local schools and community organizations.
Sponsors meet early on with the students to propose a company placement project.
Sponsors never give advice or make decisions for the member, particularly about family issues.
Sponsors never receive preferential coverage within the sites' content or via the newsletter.
Sponsors never take anothers inventory but give honest answers if asked.
Sponsors now can choose to support children fighting cancer.
Sponsors now receive T-shirts, as well as the team members.
Sponsors obtain the necessary tools to put the technology into service in a cost effective manner.
Sponsors offer members a discount on merchandise or services.
Sponsors offer products and services at discounts to members.
Sponsors pasture walks during the summer.
Sponsors pasture walks.
Sponsors pay a referral fee for each visit.
Sponsors pay a set amount each year to have a link appear on the front page.
Sponsors pay a small amount to charity for every mouse click on a banner.
Sponsors pay and stars get paid.
Sponsors pay any regular fees required for the use of the facilities.
Sponsors pay for advertising visibility and can calculate their return on that investment.
Sponsors pay for the donation.
Sponsors pay for the donations as a means of advertising and public relations.
Sponsors pay for the food.
Sponsors pay for the land.
Sponsors pay for the majority of newspapers going into the classroom.
Sponsors pay for the papers.
Sponsors pay for tuition, accommodations and other educational costs.
Sponsors pay only for delivery of program to responding physicians.
Sponsors pay the organisation each time the site is visited.
Sponsors pay their portion of the total fee by the last day of the residency.
Sponsors pay to help preserve the rainforest.
Sponsors pay to preserve the rainforest.
Sponsors pick the crew and drivers to try-out for full time positions.
Sponsors pick up the tab.
Sponsors play a major role in all modern sports.
Sponsors play a vital role in any sporting event the magnitude of the East-West Shrine Bowl.
Sponsors play an important role in our conference.
Sponsors play parties.
Sponsors pledge a certain amount per bird or a single amount for the entire birding day.
Sponsors pledge one amount for the entire walk.
Sponsors pour millions into racing teams, and drivers can earn fortunes in a single season.
Sponsors present the program simply.
Sponsors present their projects and suggested budgets.
Sponsors provide a professional opinion and an opportunity to re-examination our decisions.
Sponsors provide a suitable concert venue with seating capacity adequate for their making a profit.
Sponsors provide an engineer to serve as the customer for the project.
Sponsors provide coffee and cookies.
Sponsors provide escort.
Sponsors provide financial support to help defray the costs incurred by the teams.
Sponsors provide gifts for families ranging from two to seven members.
Sponsors provide leadership and resources for carrying out the objectives of the Workshop .
Sponsors provide meals at a central site, such as a school or community center.
Sponsors provide opportunities for our youths education in a national competition via the Internet.
Sponsors provide paint, materials and other goods.
Sponsors provide refreshments and valuable door prizes.
Sponsors provide revenue, revenue guarantees, facilities, marketing or other valuable contributions.
Sponsors provide services with no guarantee.
Sponsors provide students with meaningful, career-related opportunities, supervision and mentoring.
Sponsors provide their boys with food, clothing, housing, health care, education and a skill.
Sponsors provide T-shirts and hats.
Sponsors providing environmental or real estate services receive a free listing in our directory .
Sponsors qualify for the above rates according to the following guidelines.
Sponsors raise funds in their communities to clear the adopted minefields.
Sponsors range across the entire spectrum of motorcycle types and brands.
Sponsors range from businesses to civic groups to school groups and individuals.
Sponsors range from entrepreneurial individuals to major corporations.
Sponsors range from small businesses to large corporations and foundations.
Sponsors reach influential business, community and government leaders.
Sponsors receive a banner on-site.
Sponsors receive a certificate acknowledging their valued contribution.
Sponsors receive a complimentary subscription.
Sponsors receive a letter, with a brief biography and photo of their child.
Sponsors receive a linked banner ad to their website.
Sponsors receive a logo banner and exposure to thousands of qualified job candidates.
Sponsors receive a photo and biographical sketch of the child they commit to sponsor.
Sponsors receive a photo, pet profile and update on the animal's care.
Sponsors receive a tag line on each issue sponsored.
Sponsors receive a team photo and an advertising banner that is displayed at all the games.
Sponsors receive acknowledgementon all submissions and presentations at conferences and exhibitions.
Sponsors receive all publications at no cost.
Sponsors receive an audio tape of the sponsored program and a program evaluation.
Sponsors receive banner space on a Cybrary page of their choosing.
Sponsors receive benefits that vary depending on the conference.
Sponsors receive best available seating, special decorations and recognition in the media.
Sponsors receive biographical and a photograph of any child they sponsor.
Sponsors receive brief biographical information and a photograph of any child they sponsor.
Sponsors receive complementary concert tickets and invitiations to special events.
Sponsors receive editorial reference and generally 'dominate' that section.
Sponsors receive exclusive advertising on the pages they sponsor.
Sponsors receive exclusive rights to link their web site from the home page.
Sponsors receive four tickets and a CD or tape of last concert.
Sponsors receive free ad space in our annual newsletter and a link to their website on our website.
Sponsors receive gift premiums based on their contribution level.
Sponsors receive great exposure on all printed material, advertising, and at the event.
Sponsors receive many benefits including web site recognition and free and discounted online ads.
Sponsors receive many marketing opportunities plus tickets to enjoy the show.
Sponsors receive no exclusive information, and all findings of the studio can be publicly disclosed.
Sponsors receive one yearbook for that price, and have their names printed in the yearbook.
Sponsors receive post-seminar reports with attendee demographics.
Sponsors receive prominent logo placement.
Sponsors receive recognition at public conferences and in our promotional materials.
Sponsors receive recognition in our newsletter and on a sign erected on the property.
Sponsors receive recognitions and various premiums depending on their level of support.
Sponsors receive regular updates on the child's progress.
Sponsors receive seven lines of text and a hot link to their web site.
Sponsors receive signage at the hole, recognition during dinner, and name listed in the program.
Sponsors receive signage recognition at each event and additional benefits listed below.
Sponsors receive targeted fundraising leads.
Sponsors receive the best booth locations and special benefits.
Sponsors receive the name and photo of the one supported.
Sponsors receive the regular benefits of membership as well as a special year-end gift.
Sponsors receive three personal life stories and poems per year.
Sponsors receive tremendous goodwill from everyone who visits Missing Indian Kids website.
Sponsors register on-line automatically.
Sponsors relate with individual candidates.
Sponsors research into the causes and treatment of the disease.
Sponsors research into various disability-related areas.
Sponsors reserve the right to cancel the promotion if it becomes technically corrupt.
Sponsors reserve the right to correct any and all printing, typographical, or mechanical errors.
Sponsors reserve the right to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process.
Sponsors reserve the right to include specific criteria.
Sponsors reserve the right to modify rules at any time.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value as the final award.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute a prize of equal value.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute prize for one of equal or greater value.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute prize of equal or greater retail value.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute prize of equal or greater value.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute prizes of equal or greater value due to availability.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute prizes of equal or greater value if prize is unavailable.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute prizes of equal or greater value.
Sponsors reserve the right to substitute prizes with prizes of equal or greater value.
Sponsors reserve the right to verify eligibility qualifications of any winner.
Sponsors reserve the right to verify qualifications of winner.
Sponsors reserve the right to void multiple entries.
Sponsors retain the right to terminate at any time.
Sponsors rides for all class riders.
Sponsors say it has the potential to open new doors for small businesses and rural communities.
Sponsors say it's needed to control runaway spending.
Sponsors say that many hospitals are confusing patients and compromising patient care.
Sponsors say that's much longer than necessary.
Sponsors say the bill is designed to prevent states from taxing access to the Internet.
Sponsors say they have withdrawn support because of cost.
Sponsors say they want to preserve heterosexual values and traditional families.
Sponsors see increases in revenue from television and naming rights for tracks or races.
Sponsors see the proposed law as integral to ensuring equal rights for all.
Sponsors Select a button below to go to a list of course syllabi for that topic.
Sponsors select and hire qualifying students according to their own process.
Sponsors serve as short-term mentors by offering advise and an insight into the professional world.
Sponsors serving other areas are of course welcome.
Sponsors share the space with two other advertisers.
Sponsors share their experience, strength and hope with sponsorees.
Sponsors share their program up to the level of their own experience.
Sponsors shell out millions of dollars to place their logo on a racecar.
Sponsors show by personal example how the program can lead to serenity.
Sponsors show the value they receive from racing by tossing more and more money at the teams.
Sponsors shows primarily in New England and the Midwest.
Sponsors shows that include all equines, clinics, etc.
Sponsors Sign up for Next Event.
Sponsors sign with a team that can do the job, and a driver that can do the job.
Sponsors Signing up sponsors is simple.
Sponsors spend millions to sign with a race team and to promote the team's driver.
Sponsors sponsor for two reasons media exposure and community exposure.
Sponsors still think golf is a vehicle where they really get their money's worth.
Sponsors submit intern performance evaluations.
Sponsors supply initial food and clothing to refugees and arrange for their temporary housing.
Sponsors support groups and national and regional conferences.
Sponsors support groups at local level.
Sponsors support groups for persons with epilepsy and their families.
Sponsors support groups for survivors and secondary survivors of sexual violence.
Sponsors support groups.
Sponsors support the costs of managing the program, making it possible to keep classes affordable.
Sponsors take their own risks in racing .
Sponsors teach that meetings are important.
Sponsors then collect signatures.
Sponsors travel abroad to reach fluency as quickly as possible.
Sponsors travel to Cuba by representatives of democratic societies.
Sponsors typically provide riders with jerseys, pants, gloves, shoes, hats, and shirts.
Sponsors underline the importance of principles above personalities.
Sponsors underwrite, in part, promotion and production costs of a show.
Sponsors use it as an effective way to target new customers.
Sponsors use technical reports as a means of keeping their grantees accountable.
Sponsors use their own criteria when making selections.
Sponsors use their own sponsors.
Sponsors vary from year to year.
Sponsors view grants as investments in an improved future.
Sponsors view grants as investments in improving the future and furthering their mission.
Sponsors visit the homes of each provider on their program several times a year.
Sponsors Visit the list of our sponsors on the website.
Sponsors walk a tightrope.
Sponsors Welcome to the community of Roswell, New Mexico online .
Sponsors win through increased sales and exposure for their products.
Sponsors workshops to train and inform church leaders.
Sponsors frequently are civic groups, schools or veterans organizations.
Sponsors frequently offer less funding for a project than contained within proposals.
Sponsors often ask for detail when they perform proposal cost analysis.
Sponsors often conduct workshops and publish newsletters.
Sponsors often initiate a proposal request by identifying project requirements.
Sponsors often issue special invitations to their singing.
Sponsors usually prefer student interns who have completed most of their courses in their major.
Sponsors usually receive an updated photograph once during the year.
Sponsors usually welcome additional participants.
All sponsors are able to submit a promotional banner for the event.
All sponsors are also influential in project direction.
All sponsors are favorite businesses of the chapter members.
All sponsors are responsible for making their own reservations.
All sponsors are tested by our staff and are all honest ones, so they all pay.
All sponsors can benefit from an association with the movie.
All sponsors get a space on the team jersey for their name and logo.
All sponsors get recognition on the homepage during the contest.
All sponsors get their corporate name and logo at least twice per mile of Path.
All sponsors have access to web view.
All sponsors have their logo or name on the boat.
All sponsors receive acknowledgement on our chapter Web site.
All sponsors receive expedited mailings of publications, newsletters, and other information.
All sponsors receive one complimentary registration .
All sponsors receive recognition at the event their sponsorship helps to underwrite.
All sponsors receive space in the program which varies depending on the level of sponsorship.
All sponsors receive special recognition at the game as well as other added benefits.
All sponsors receive technical reports and theses.
Any sponsors interested in helping in the cause are welcome.
Every sponsor is interested in how to bring new people into their travelogue audience.
Every sponsor receives a copy each month.
Every sponsor wants to go out and win and they expect their team is going to do it.
Many sponsors advertise their products to our wide variety of users.
Many sponsors also choose to exhibit at the meeting.
Many sponsors also require a physical inventory at the project's termination.
Many sponsors are faith-based.
Many sponsors are interested in co-branding and adopting a special project.
Many sponsors ask for some sort of documentation.
Many sponsors choose to send their sponsorship support quarterly, semi-annually or yearly.
Many sponsors designate a person for students to contact to schedule interviews.
Many sponsors fund multiple-year projects.
Many sponsors have different requirements for foreign travel.
Many sponsors have families which require their time as well.
Many sponsors have their own self-explanatory format for a title page.
Many sponsors join forces with already existing community bloodmobiles.
Many sponsors know someone who can translate their letter from Spanish to English.
Many sponsors observe groups in a non-participatory role without assuming any leadership function.
Many sponsors offer a reduced course price to the student who serves as the liaison.
Many sponsors offer summer programs with travel as a major component of their activities.
Many sponsors only accept applications during specified times.
Many sponsors propose a life history be written.
Many sponsors provide cover pages, either pre-printed or available in electronic format .
Many sponsors provide explanatory information with their letters of notification.
Many sponsors provide guidelines and budget forms.
Many sponsors provide teaching credit forms at their activities.
Many sponsors request that a copy of the informed consent be placed in the chart.
Many sponsors require cost sharing in the proposal budget or indicate that it is recommended.
Many sponsors require prior approval before equipment can be purchased.
Many sponsors require reports of inventions at regular intervals, often annually.
Many sponsors require the subcontractor's budget be appended to the proposal.
Many sponsors view cost sharing as evidence of our commitment to a proposed project.
Most sponsors accredit our programs for two or three years from the release date.
Most sponsors allow projects to be charged a proportionate share of indirect costs.
Most sponsors are familiar with the application and reporting procedures in Kansas.
Most sponsors are familiar with the application and reporting procedures in Oklahoma.
Most sponsors are willing to work with students in covering the additional costs.
Most sponsors claim to have sites that convert through the roof.
Most sponsors forbid charging entertainment costs to their projects under any circumstances.
Most sponsors have annual reports that list past grants.
Most sponsors look for the incorporation of an evaluation component in the project.
Most sponsors monitor expenditures through periodic financial and technical reports.
Most sponsors post funded projects on their websites.
Most sponsors require a certain level of cost-sharing.
Most sponsors require a final fiscal and technical report.
Most sponsors require consistent representation.
Most sponsors require end of project reports, and for multi year awards, an annual report.
Most sponsors require students to authorize the release of attendance and academic information .
Most sponsors require their approval before charging preaward costs to the project.
Most sponsors specify format and, in some cases, provide forms for preparation of proposals.
Some sponsors allow considerable latitude to the project director in changing original categories.
Some sponsors allow or require electronic submission of proposals.
Some sponsors also act as mentors, or RISE provides the mentors.
Some sponsors are happy to coexist with rivals.
Some sponsors are loose on the terms of the grant, while others are quite strict.
Some sponsors are more points than others.
Some sponsors are more sensitive than others to cross-addiction issues.
Some sponsors are tight-lipped about the extent of their financial support.
Some sponsors believe in being fairly blunt with a newcomer.
Some sponsors build one house per year, others build multiple homes.
Some sponsors choose to additional promotion by dropping materials in meeting attendees' on-site.
Some sponsors do pay for medical care when injury occurs.
Some sponsors employ local guides and resource people to supplement American faculty escorts.
Some sponsors even choose to provide one of the program packages described in Curriculum .
Some sponsors even offer to pay volunteers as an incentive to take part.
Some sponsors give towards the general ministry and others select specific projects to support.
Some sponsors have more restrictive ru les.
Some sponsors have NO limit on the number of players.
Some sponsors have specific publicity requirements.
Some sponsors have very specific guidelines for spending funds.
Some Sponsors have websites, so please take a few minutes to visit their sites.
Some sponsors issue bilateral agreements, requiring an institutional countersignature.
Some sponsors leave without notice, while others lower their rates.
Some sponsors link to an additional page highlighting their involvement with the team.
Some sponsors make the event a retreat and all participants stay there.
Some sponsors offer their interns full time career employment after they graduate.
Some sponsors pay for transportation to and from the internship worksite.
Some sponsors pay travel expenses.
Some sponsors provide the required insurance for exchange visitors.
Some sponsors require a longer period of retention.
Some sponsors require a preproposal as part of the proposal review process.
Some sponsors require additional documentation to support invoices.
Some sponsors require an institutional cost-share, or matching funds, from the institution.
Some sponsors require citizenship requirements.
Some sponsors require prior approval for any changes in the budget.
Some sponsors require that foreign travel be itemized in the proposal and award agreement budgets.
Some sponsors talks about the program in a more spiritual way than others do.
Some sponsors use different definitions.
Some sponsors use natural resources for attention.
Sponsored employees are unlikely to leave the organisation during the period of study.
Sponsored events are culturally, socially, and athletically oriented.
Sponsored events are subject to certain rules and conditions as outlined in the form.
Sponsored events organised within companies can generate significant levels of funding.
Sponsored journalism is no oxymoron.
Sponsored links are another bone of contention.
Sponsored Links Get a cell phone.
Sponsored Links Get exclusive.
Sponsored Links Get the edge.
Sponsored Links Get unbiased, helpful Free decorating advice here.
Sponsored Links Go deep.
Sponsored mode is the big innovation.
Sponsored newspapers are available on a limited basis.
Sponsored research is a good indication of faculty research interest.
Sponsored research is a very important responsibility of the universities.
Sponsored research is desirable.
Sponsored research is probably a better word.
Sponsored sites have an obvious slant.
Sponsored students sign a contract that outlines their responsibilities.
Sponsored students spend the year with their sponsoring company.
Many sponsoring agencies require prior approval for the use of each consultant.
Most sponsoring agencies specify the format for the title page.
Most sponsoring organizations have strict deadlines for proposal submissions.
Sponsorship deals fall through, but dreams die hard.
Sponsorship money goes into a scholarship fund for graduating high school seniors.
Sponsorship money is needed for uniforms, equipment, and umpires.
Sponsorship money is pooled and used for community purposes.
Sponsorship money is used to support club activities, youth programs and purchasing club equipment.
Sponsorship adds high tech.
Sponsorship allows a child to eat, study, wear clothes, and buy medicine.
Sponsorship also enables a corporation to break through the clutter of traditional advertising.
Sponsorship also includes a brand new ten foot by ten foot canopy with company identification.
Sponsorship also includes a commitment of volunteer labor to build the home.
Sponsorship also includes single linked web page at no extra charge.
Sponsorship also means schooling for children of families who have a new appreciation for education.
Sponsorship also plays a very important part in our endeavour to promote animal husbandry.
Sponsorship also represents a significant portion of the funding for the games.
Sponsorship Become a featured sectional sponsor on one of Asia-Links specific or industry channels.
Sponsorship brings unbelievable opportunities to the life of a child.
Sponsorship can also be the gift that gives twice.
Sponsorship can also mean the responsibility the group as a whole has for helping the newcomer.
Sponsorship can be a business tax deduction.
Sponsorship can be a combination of cash and product support.
Sponsorship can be financial or through provision of products and services.
Sponsorship can be for the event or directly to the schools involved.
Sponsorship can be in the form of an ad banner or an extramercial.
Sponsorship can be in the form of an ad banner that runs just on that page or an extramercial.
Sponsorship can be in the form of money, products, and service.
Sponsorship can be of many levels.
Sponsorship can be the supply of equipment or the underwriting for the rental of equipment.
Sponsorship can form a major part of that relationship.
Sponsorship can make it easier.
Sponsorship can mean sharing knowledge, experience, and dreams.
Sponsorship can stop at any time.
Sponsorship can take any form.
Sponsorship can take many forms, including advertising, cash donations, etc.
Sponsorship can take on many forms.
Sponsorship comes at many levels.
Sponsorship comes in many forms.
Sponsorship comes in various 'packages'.
Sponsorship continues to be a challenge.
Sponsorship costs nothing , and only takes a little time.
Sponsorship covers speaker's fees and travel expenses.
Sponsorship covers telephone costs, nothing more .
Sponsorship covers the cost of program and housing.
Sponsorship covers the speaker's fees and travel expenses.
Sponsorship creates a more lasting impression with readers than banner ads.
Sponsorship creates pride in the community and the league.
Sponsorship depends on the firm's advertising budget and the extent of exposure required.
Sponsorship elsewhere is usually by state agencies or state forestry associations.
Sponsorship ensures that their health is regularly monitored.
Sponsorship features a banner on the top of the story page and a microsite.
Sponsorship Find out about our sponsorship of sporting and cultural events.
Sponsorship gives the newcomer an understanding, sympathetic friend when one is needed most.
Sponsorship goes a LONG way in communicating that to consumers, which in turn, cultivates loyalty.
Sponsorship guarantees exclusive placement on one web page.
Sponsorship guarantees the highest level of visibility and marketing value.
Sponsorship has the same effect.
Sponsorship implies a more extensive and expensive relationship.
Sponsorship implies risk, sacrifice, and commitment between sponsor and client.
Sponsorship includes a keynote speaker and a monetary donation to defray the cost of the event.
Sponsorship includes a meeting room, projector, screen, and microphone.
Sponsorship includes a premium banner location near registration.
Sponsorship includes a table-top display and other sponsor benefits.
Sponsorship includes banner ads, direct marketing programs and special event promotions.
Sponsorship includes beverages for players and spectators.
Sponsorship includes both a financial commitment as well as a time commitment.
Sponsorship includes company logo on badge lanyard for all conference attendees.
Sponsorship includes dinner, drinks and live entertainment.
Sponsorship includes government, public interest, charitable and educational organizations.
Sponsorship includes monetary, material and service donations.
Sponsorship includes money towards uniforms and frequently coaches to help.
Sponsorship includes name displayed on a hole, at the dinner and in alumni chapter publications.
Sponsorship includes profile in special invitations, speaking opportunities and on site signage.
Sponsorship includes signage space and ID on special invites and all promotional materials.
Sponsorship includes speaker travel and honorarium, as well as fees for audio visual needs.
Sponsorship includes tea and coffee breaks for a single day of the conference.
Sponsorship includes the production of the carpet and logo.
Sponsorship indicates a desire to recruit people of color to achieve workplace diversity.
Sponsorship involves a few hours each month.
Sponsorship involves a long term commitment.
Sponsorship is a commercial transaction.
Sponsorship is a commitment.
Sponsorship is a common form of business support for the arts.
Sponsorship is a common way for athletes to cover training expenses.
Sponsorship is a cost-effective way of gaining publicity at a very reasonable cost.
Sponsorship is a difficult thing to acquire.
Sponsorship is a financial contribution to the station.
Sponsorship is a form of long term advertising.
Sponsorship is a funny topic.
Sponsorship is a good thing.
Sponsorship is a model that's definitely proven to be successful.
Sponsorship is a much cheaper route for authorities to get qualified officers.
Sponsorship is a real hands-on mission that brings joy and meaning to all participants.
Sponsorship is a two-way street where each side benefits.
Sponsorship is a two-way street wherein each side benefits.
Sponsorship is a vehicle for continuing our ministry journey.
Sponsorship is a vital part of any race program.
Sponsorship is a weakness.
Sponsorship is a wonderful way to help.
Sponsorship is a world within itself.
Sponsorship is about much more than moving resources.
Sponsorship is also a marketing expense.
Sponsorship is also a very effective way to help communities build for a better future.
Sponsorship is also hard to come by.
Sponsorship is also open to interested distributors.
Sponsorship is an act of faith.
Sponsorship is an easy and risk-free model, for the sponsor.
Sponsorship is an easy, rewarding ministry.
Sponsorship is an essential component of our club that makes racing feasible.
Sponsorship is an example of a changed relationship.
Sponsorship is an expression of trust between the school librarian and the student.
Sponsorship is an insidious form of advertising.
Sponsorship is an involved process and takes commitment.
Sponsorship is an obvious method of seeking financial support.
Sponsorship is an opportunity to realize new rewards in a personal relationship.
Sponsorship is announced throughout the game.
Sponsorship is annual.
Sponsorship is another way of participating.
Sponsorship is another.
Sponsorship is at minimum release time from work.
Sponsorship is available for all candidates.
Sponsorship is available for all sessions.
Sponsorship is available for individuals as well as for schools, companies and other groups.
Sponsorship is available for one issue, one month or three months.
Sponsorship is available for qualified applicants.
Sponsorship is available for schools within the Central West Region.
Sponsorship is available for selected candidates.
Sponsorship is available in different forms and at different levels.
Sponsorship is available in single sponsor and co-sponsor packages.
Sponsorship is available in various locations on the truck, and in many different sizes.
Sponsorship is available on a first come - first serve basis.
Sponsorship is available on a per event or yearly basis.
Sponsorship is available on a series basis.
Sponsorship is available to both the private and public sectors.
Sponsorship is available to daily and weekly newspapers.
Sponsorship is available to students in undergraduate degrees and the Orientation course.
Sponsorship is available.
Sponsorship is believed to be an effective way of improving the tobacco industry's image.
Sponsorship is by invitation but it is open for discussion.
Sponsorship is confirmed upon clearance of the cheque only.
Sponsorship is critical to keeping fees reasonable.
Sponsorship is critically important for visas, which can be difficult to obtain otherwise.
Sponsorship is decided at the time the offer of admission is made.
Sponsorship is definitely a big deal.
Sponsorship is derived from individuals, clubs, businesses, civic groups agencies and churches.
Sponsorship is done by current DACA members.
Sponsorship is easy and best of all is very low-cost.
Sponsorship is evaluated on a case by case basis.
Sponsorship is evidenced by the employer's signature on a sponsorship agreement.
Sponsorship is exclusive for the category.
Sponsorship is exclusive to one client.
Sponsorship is exclusive.
Sponsorship is for one year.
Sponsorship is free and only takes a little time.
Sponsorship is given at corporate, company and office level.
Sponsorship is given in many ways.
Sponsorship is hard to come by.
Sponsorship is important .
Sponsorship is indicated by the following symbols.
Sponsorship is known.
Sponsorship is linked to a training post.
Sponsorship is mandatory for all accompanied orders.
Sponsorship is much like censorship.
Sponsorship is needed for prizes for the event.
Sponsorship is needed for prizes.
Sponsorship is needed for uniforms for the team.
Sponsorship is needed to get six people to Canada.
Sponsorship is no piddly portion of the tournament's revenue.
Sponsorship is offered to all refugees without regard to national origin, race or religion.
Sponsorship is on a first come, first serve basis.
Sponsorship is on a first-come, first served basis.
Sponsorship is on a per event basis and includes the benefits to the sponsors listed below.
Sponsorship is one branch of sports marketing.
Sponsorship is one final piece of the puzzle that the team is working to acquire.
Sponsorship is one of the most important ways.
Sponsorship is open to all companies and institutions.
Sponsorship is open to any and all companies and individuals.
Sponsorship is open to any company, including to other large format printer companies.
Sponsorship is our friend.
Sponsorship is part of it.
Sponsorship is part of the vernacular.
Sponsorship is priced on an annual fee basis.
Sponsorship is pro-rated on making the event.
Sponsorship is provided by suppliers to the medical community.
Sponsorship is provided from many of the local companies.
Sponsorship is red hot, especially in an Olympic year.
Sponsorship is req.
Sponsorship is required and sort.
Sponsorship is required for all new members.
Sponsorship is required if the employer is sponsored.
Sponsorship is required regardless of proposed length of stay.
Sponsorship is required regardless of the period of stay.
Sponsorship is required.
Sponsorship is restricted to non-competing sponsors only.
Sponsorship is scant.
Sponsorship is simple.
Sponsorship is so important.
Sponsorship is sold in one-week increments.
Sponsorship is something that companies do in order to obtain commercial benefit.
Sponsorship is something that is fought for every year.
Sponsorship is sometimes a one way relationship for the business entity.
Sponsorship is sought from the wider community as required.
Sponsorship is still available.
Sponsorship is subject to review.
Sponsorship is support
Sponsorship is support.
Sponsorship is the fastest growing form of marketing communications.
Sponsorship is the fastest-growing form of marketing communication.
Sponsorship is the financial or material support of a programme or feature.
Sponsorship is the financial support, advertising and promotion of public events or organizations.
Sponsorship is the first step in making a new soldier part of the team.
Sponsorship is the hardest thing to come by when deploying new technology.
Sponsorship is the lifeblood of our network.
Sponsorship is the lifeblood of sport marketing.
Sponsorship is the most important issue to any Order.
Sponsorship is the way to go.
Sponsorship is the world's fastest-growing form of marketing.
Sponsorship is the worst possible mechanism for distributing resources in any culture or society.
Sponsorship is two people with the same problem helping each other to work the program.
Sponsorship is undertaken for the purpose of achieving commercial objectives.
Sponsorship is unobtrusive.
Sponsorship is used to cover the design and publication costs for each sponsored page.
Sponsorship is useful, while e-mail can be very effective for direct marketing.
Sponsorship is variable depending upon the exhibit.
Sponsorship is very important to the future success of the bill.
Sponsorship is very simple to learn unlike selling.
Sponsorship is vital to maintain our activities.
Sponsorship is weird now because everyone is just so hyped up on it.
Sponsorship is welcome and donations to help with their care are deeply appreciated.
Sponsorship is what keeps or registration rates down and offsets operating expenses.
Sponsorship makes a difference in the kind of crowd.
Sponsorship makes a real difference in their lives and the lives of their sponsors.
Sponsorship makes it possible.
Sponsorship means the organization responsible for the academic content and logistical arrangements.
Sponsorship means the Web site, the space for the project, is free.
Sponsorship needed is cash, juice, bagels, and door prizes.
Sponsorship needed is door prizes, media support, and cash.
Sponsorship needed is items for families.
Sponsorship offers corporations the opportunity to show their support for the arts.
Sponsorship offers extensive benefits.
Sponsorship only takes place under conditions of complete independence.
Sponsorship provides access to an intensely loyal, highly educated audience with buying power.
Sponsorship provides all of the benefits described below for exhibitors.
Sponsorship provides immediate dividends.
Sponsorship provides two days of access annually.
Sponsorship represents a major committment and helps ensure the continued operation of the web site.
Sponsorship requires a combination of commitment and involvement.
Sponsorship requires a minimum of a one year commitment.
Sponsorship requires no financial cost.
Sponsorship seems the only solution.
Sponsorship seems to be a primary handicap in maintaining college programs.
Sponsorship still remains to be a challenge.
Sponsorship strengthens the older member's sobriety.
Sponsorships also are available for the unique film experience.
Sponsorships also are available in investment banking and in food services and manufacturing.
Sponsorships also are available.
Sponsorships are a contract like any other.
Sponsorships are a great way to give back to the community.
Sponsorships are a great way to work closely with other sites.
Sponsorships are a key element within the marketing mix, particuMy for international brands.
Sponsorships are allotted on a first come, first serve basis.
Sponsorships are also available for a contribution to the team.
Sponsorships are also available.
Sponsorships are also great traffic generators.
Sponsorships are also still available, and information can also be found at the conference web site.
Sponsorships are also vital to the program.
Sponsorships are always welcome.
Sponsorships are an excellent way to give back to the community.
Sponsorships are another great model, especially for sites with targeted content sections.
Sponsorships are another great way to give added value to a campaign.
Sponsorships are another tactic that can be used to create and capture branding value.
Sponsorships are aslo available.
Sponsorships are at several levels.
Sponsorships are available .
Sponsorships are available and all donations are tax-deductible.
Sponsorships are available and can range from cash contributions to food and drink for the runners.
Sponsorships are available at a nominal fee.
Sponsorships are available at a variety of levels.
Sponsorships are available at many different levels.
Sponsorships are available at several levels.
Sponsorships are available at the two major membership conferences, as well as at regional programs.
Sponsorships are available at two different levels.
Sponsorships are available at various financial levels to encourage participation by all members.
Sponsorships are available at various levels.
Sponsorships are available at varying levels of support for both events.
Sponsorships are available for a limited time.
Sponsorships are available for a one year renewable term.
Sponsorships are available for a wide variety of team sports.
Sponsorships are available for all pages on the Gong.
Sponsorships are available for any of our clinics, seminars or tournaments.
Sponsorships are available for both events.
Sponsorships are available for both online and offline events and webcasts.
Sponsorships are available for breakfast meetings and special events.
Sponsorships are available for breaks, meals, and speakers.
Sponsorships are available for businesses wishing to reach a prestigious target market.
Sponsorships are available for contract advertisers.
Sponsorships are available for each newsletter.
Sponsorships are available for entire productions, a single performance, or a special occasion.
Sponsorships are available for individuals, teams and businesses.
Sponsorships are available for one year renewable terms.
Sponsorships are available for on-site skating programs.
Sponsorships are available for six month periods.
Sponsorships are available for special events.
Sponsorships are available for tees and greens.
Sponsorships are available for the event.
Sponsorships are available in the newsletter.
Sponsorships are available on a city by city basis, regionally or nationally.
Sponsorships are available on a first come first serve basis.
Sponsorships are available on a first come first served basis and are sold on a per message basis.
Sponsorships are available on a first come first served basis.
Sponsorships are available on a limited basis.
Sponsorships are available on a weekly or on a monthly basis.
Sponsorships are available on a yearly, series or per seminar basis.
Sponsorships are available on an individual, month by month basis.
Sponsorships are available on numerous levels.
Sponsorships are available so that no youth is left out.
Sponsorships are available to allow a person with a developmental disability to enjoy the day.
Sponsorships are available to help support the digital life project.
Sponsorships are available to our partners.
Sponsorships are available to support events at the conference.
Sponsorships are available, such to prior commitments, on either a weekly or monthly basis.
Sponsorships are available.
Sponsorships are availably on a yearly basis.
Sponsorships are closed, but a few team spaces are available.
Sponsorships are currently still available.
Sponsorships are damn hard to set up though.
Sponsorships are especially important to advertisers for branding and lead generation campaigns.
Sponsorships are especially useful for targeting specialists.
Sponsorships are excellent tools for a variety of campaign objectives.
Sponsorships are exclusive, sold monthly, have a sponsorship by-line and are priced below.
Sponsorships are flexible.
Sponsorships are for a five year term.
Sponsorships are for a period of time, rather than a specific number of impressions.
Sponsorships are for one year.
Sponsorships are for the e-mail edition of only.
Sponsorships are fully tax deductible.
Sponsorships are ideal for branding marketing strategies.
Sponsorships are limited and are available on a first come-first serve basis.
Sponsorships are limited to one month in length on most pages.
Sponsorships are limited, so sign-up today.
Sponsorships are limited.
Sponsorships are much more affordable and also make great class projects for a school.
Sponsorships are multi-dimensional deals.
Sponsorships are necessary to cover audio-visual and setup costs.
Sponsorships are non-refundable.
Sponsorships are non-transferable from one year to another.
Sponsorships are now available.
Sponsorships are occasionally available.
Sponsorships are on a first come, first serve basis.
Sponsorships are on a first-come, first served basis.
Sponsorships are open to one or more members.
Sponsorships are particularly well suited to a variety of corporate goals.
Sponsorships are programs or research that are sponsored by a gift in kind or a gift of money.
Sponsorships are still available at all levels.
Sponsorships are still available for both golf and tennis.
Sponsorships are still available for businesses wishing to reach a prestigious target market.
Sponsorships are still available see the advertising information page for more information.
Sponsorships are still available, and the event is open to the public.
Sponsorships are still available.
Sponsorships are still welcome.
Sponsorships are strong and have a good possibility of exceeding budget.
Sponsorships are tax deductible to the extent permitted by law.
Sponsorships are usually for one year with sponsors having the first right of renewal.
Sponsorships are very important.
Sponsorships are welcome.
Sponsorships benefit the programs directly.
Sponsorships can be at different levels.
Sponsorships can be expensive.
Sponsorships can be in-kind or cash support.
Sponsorships can be monetary or by undertaking an activity or a project.
Sponsorships can be of a single event, multiple events, or the entire season's tour.
Sponsorships can offer companies the opportunity to stand out and be noticed.
Sponsorships can take the form of financial donations or in-kind contributions.
Sponsorships cover gallery admission only.
Sponsorships cover the cost of doing business.
Sponsorships encourage dependence.
Sponsorships exist at many levels.
Sponsorships Get great visibility by sponsoring one of our interactive social events.
Sponsorships go a long way.
Sponsorships have an annual contract period, renewable thereafter.
Sponsorships have an opt out clause after the first month but are locked in thereafter.
Sponsorships have the advantage of moderate cost with high exposure rates.
Sponsorships help advertisers build brand awareness in a particular niche market.
Sponsorships help to offset the costs.
Sponsorships involve a sign on a tee or green with the sponsor's name and place of business.
Sponsorships involve ad placement and access to basic site information.
Sponsorships pay large salaries and provide security.
Sponsorships play a vital part in offsetting the high cost of show production.
Sponsorships promote close ties between students and professionals within technical communication.
Sponsorships provide busing subsidies, teacher resources, and T-shirts for students.
Sponsorships provide concentrated, focused exposure over a long period of time.
Sponsorships provide consistent branding with a highly targeted audience.
Sponsorships provide education, housing, food and medical care for the children.
Sponsorships provide event necessities, amenities, prizes, food, giveaways and more.
Sponsorships Read about our current sponsorships and promotions.
Sponsorships run for three, six or twelve months.
Sponsorships sell out early.
Sponsorships serve as both a public relations and advertising campaign.
Sponsorships Stand out from the rest of the crowd.
Sponsorships Take a look at exactly how our Partnerships work.
Sponsorships vary by class.
Sponsorships work on a three-year contract for most archers.
Sponsorship often involves a new initiative and extra expenses.
All sponsorships are a give and take.
All sponsorships are a minimum three month commitment.
All sponsorships are available to corporations, individuals or groups.
All sponsorships are exclusive.
All sponsorships are in U.S. dollars.
All sponsorships are programs.
All sponsorships are tax deductable.
All sponsorships are tax deductible.
All sponsorships are tax-deductible.
Any sponsorship is deductible from taxes.
Every sponsorship is measurable.
Every sponsorship provides a master tape for the mission field.
Many sponsorships actually develop over several years of relationship building.
Many sponsorships are worth little absent the effort to leverage the rights.
More sponsorships are available.
Spontaneious leakage is usually more important than just expressing the milk from the breasts.
Spontaneity assures people of unforgettable memories.
Spontaneity becomes almost non-existent.
Spontaneity can aid, but without the intellect, danger is at hand in the form of unchecked desire.
Spontaneity can be good for certain things, but sometimes it needs distance to have a perspective.
Spontaneity can come later.
Spontaneity comes by listening carefully to pick up sounds and words of agreement or disagreement.
Spontaneity counts a great deal.
Spontaneity demands a shift from excellence to edification, from performance to participation.
Spontaneity happens when work becomes a game.
Spontaneity has it s place, but it is usually the refuge of the lazy.
Spontaneity is a characteristic feature of Korean traditional music.
Spontaneity is a crucial part of a vital stage show.
Spontaneity is a direct result of a teacher s level of comfort in front of a class.
Spontaneity is a good thing when used to enhance a scene or performance.
Spontaneity is a modern fetish of a dangerous kind.
Spontaneity is a very desirable trait for an attorney.
Spontaneity is a welcome change.
Spontaneity is a wonderful quality that can be learned by anyone who is a willing student.
Spontaneity is achieved through training with a partner.
Spontaneity is also good to have.
Spontaneity is among the best gifts of the novelist.
Spontaneity is an absolutely essential quality in the discovery of a solution.
Spontaneity is an adequate response to a new situation or a novel response to an old situation.
Spontaneity is celebrated and honored at the church.
Spontaneity is central to play and fun.
Spontaneity is encouraged.
Spontaneity is essential to group creativity.
Spontaneity is everything.
Spontaneity is fun, but safe travel is also important.
Spontaneity is gone.
Spontaneity is good, but appointments are often necessary.
Spontaneity is good.
Spontaneity is great, but good education takes planning.
Spontaneity is inhibited.
Spontaneity is mistrusted, and even seen as dangerous.
Spontaneity is natural.
Spontaneity is out.
Spontaneity is perhaps the unexpected and, most often, effective level in creativity.
Spontaneity is quality
Spontaneity is really high on the list for a lot of people.
Spontaneity is related to an increase in randomness.
Spontaneity is something that can occur at any time.
Spontaneity is still possible.
Spontaneity is strained.
Spontaneity is the ability to rise creatively to any situation.
Spontaneity is the actor's self permission to freely follow the unexpected impulse.
Spontaneity is the best thing.
Spontaneity is the key in extended coverage, and the audience apparently enjoyed it.
Spontaneity is the key to a fulfilling life.
Spontaneity is the key.
Spontaneity is the keyword today.
Spontaneity is the major ingredient.
Spontaneity is the mind moved naturally, or an intellectual self-determining movement of the soul.
Spontaneity is the rule of the game.
Spontaneity is the secret to a successful family reunion.
Spontaneity is the spice of life.
Spontaneity is the word.
Spontaneity is wonderful.
Spontaneity means open and honest communication.
Spontaneity means that the copying occurs at the instance and inspiration of the professor.
Spontaneity refers to responding from a natural feeling from within.
Spontaneity restores active involvement, using many to share an insight or offer a word of prayer.
Spontaneity takes practice, and a candidate has to work at looking sincere in good visuals.
All spontaneity is the bubbling surface of deeper thoughts, or the sub-conscious surfacing freely.
A spontaneous abortion is an abortion
Spontaneous abortion is another serious complication.
Spontaneous abortion is categorized as threatened, inevitable, incomplete, complete, or missed.
Spontaneous abortions are abortions.
Spontaneous abortions occur far more often than medical abortions.
Spontaneous abortions occur in various mammals .
Spontaneous abortions occur in various mammals.
Most spontaneous abortions occur during the second trimester.
Spontaneous activity is central to the Burning Man experience.
Spontaneous alignments are common.
Spontaneous arousal can occur in men with injection therapy.
Spontaneous behavior driven by human anguish, despair, or passion is difficult to prevent.
Spontaneous belly flops onto the nearest hard surface.
Spontaneous breaths can be pressure supported at the high and low pressure levels.
Spontaneous celebrations break out around the globe.
Spontaneous changes arise from time to time and grow into useful alternatives.
Spontaneous closure becomes unlikely after five years of age and surgical closure is then advised.
Spontaneous closure is unlikely beyond one year of age.
Spontaneous combustion can occur if the flammable liquid vapors escape.
Spontaneous combustion can occur within several weeks.
Spontaneous combustion is a good sabotage tool.
Spontaneous combustion is ignition
Spontaneous combustion is ignition.
Spontaneous combustion is part of south parks.
Spontaneous combustion is possible.
Spontaneous concepts are nonconscious, whereas scientific concepts are concepts taught in school.
Spontaneous contraction is characteristic of cells isolated from very young animals.
Spontaneous convection starts at any level.
Spontaneous conversation is faster, but it is also less reflective.
Spontaneous creativity is encouraged, bringing an element of delightful surprise to each tour.
Spontaneous creativity is totally different.
Spontaneous cure occurs, often without scars.
Spontaneous decisions prove to be very savvy.
Spontaneous delivery can occur after reduction of the size of hydrocephalus.
Some spontaneous dictation is included in addition to the read speech.
Spontaneous discussion is encouraged as family members, or one person, read the script.
Spontaneous diuresis indicates the onset of the diuretic phase.
Spontaneous emission is a result of interaction with vacuum.
Spontaneous emission is known as a source of the noise which destroys coherence effects.
Spontaneous events responding to public joy or concern are also common.
Spontaneous excellence is lovely when it happens.
Spontaneous expression is magical beauty.
Spontaneous fermentation is the oldest of all the fermenting styles.
Spontaneous financing includes accounts receivable.
Spontaneous flexibility Can produce a great variety of ideas.
Spontaneous flow occurs ONLY from a region of high pressure to a region of lower pressure.
Spontaneous fun is the hallmark of a Men of Worth performance.
Spontaneous generation is a natural phenomenon
Spontaneous generation is the belief that living things can arise from non-living material.
Spontaneous generation is the supposed origin of living things from nonliving things.
Spontaneous generation is when something like a fly grows from a small speck of smelly meat .
Spontaneous generation is when something like a fly grows from a small speck of smelly meat.
Spontaneous generation refers to living cells arising only from other living cells.
Spontaneous generation see abiogenesis.
Spontaneous gentrification takes off without municipal intervention.
Spontaneous gifts appear.
Spontaneous haploids occur at a low frequency in many species, both diploid and polyploid.
Spontaneous healing can occur but associated with scarring, poor cosmesis and poor functionality.
Spontaneous healing does happen.
Spontaneous healing has long bewildered doctors.
Spontaneous healing is common.
Spontaneous humor is a wonderful way to connect with an audience.
Spontaneous improvement is associated with medication withdrawal.
Spontaneous improvisation is an expectation and a necessity for the good grappler.
Spontaneous lactation is an adaptive result of pseudopregnancy.
Spontaneous laughter is possible.
Spontaneous laughter is the result.
Spontaneous losses are even higher in triplet and quadruplet pregnancies.
Spontaneous magic is much more flexible than formulaic, but also weaker.
Spontaneous men can act only because they mistake secondary causes for primary ones.
Spontaneous meetings are surprisingly productive.
Spontaneous moments make priceless pictures.
Spontaneous movement are a part of the healing process.
Spontaneous movement begins about now also.
Spontaneous movement occurs earliest, probably expressing purely individual interests and needs.
Spontaneous mutation is certainly a possibility.
Spontaneous mutations arise at a remarkably constant rate.
Spontaneous mutations arise without external causes.
Spontaneous mutations can result in the appearance of new traits.
Spontaneous mutations happen in nature at a relatively frequent rate.
Spontaneous mutations occur in different individuals.
Spontaneous mutations occur is unclear.
Spontaneous mutations occur without exposure to any obvious mutagenic agent.
Most spontaneous mutations change the net charge of hemoglobin.
Some spontaneous mutation affects normal functions.
Some spontaneous mutation leads to disorder.
Spontaneous order can be a many-edged sword.
Spontaneous order can resemble chaos.
Spontaneous order emerges from the interactions of each system's component parts.
Spontaneous order helps create more order.
Spontaneous orders are essential to human life.
Spontaneous photos are more fun and let the kid's personality really come out.
Spontaneous pneumothorax can recur.
Spontaneous pneumothorax produces an abrupt onset of chest pain and dyspnea.
Spontaneous processes degrade things, but nature always invokes processes that retard degradation.
All spontaneous processes move toward equilibrium.
Spontaneous reactions occur when the free energy of the system decreases.
All spontaneous reactions are exergonic.
Spontaneous recall is common, even decades later, when something triggers memory.
Spontaneous recovery happens naturally to most people.
Spontaneous recovery is adaptive for similar reasons.
Spontaneous recovery is extremely rare.
Spontaneous recovery is highly unlikely, even in the absence of continued harvest.
Spontaneous recovery is rapid.
Spontaneous recovery is rare.
Spontaneous recovery takes place in rare instances.
Spontaneous recurrence is so rare that most people forget they ever had it.
Spontaneous reduction follows.
Spontaneous regression is also common, especially postpartum.
Spontaneous regression is extremely rare.
Spontaneous regression is observed in most cases.
Spontaneous remission followed by exacerbation during the warm season is characteristic.
Spontaneous remission occurs in some, while progressive respiratory failure develops in others.
Spontaneous remission occurs, sometimes with residual neurologic deficit.
Spontaneous remissions are also characteristic.
Spontaneous remissions are common, but bouts of the disease often recur at wide intervals.
Spontaneous remissions are exceedingly rare and vary from one form of cancer to another.
Spontaneous remissions can occur in any patient and sometimes persist for years.
Spontaneous remissions occur in nearly two-thirds of sarcoidosis patients.
Spontaneous resolution is common, but persistent infections have been reported.
Spontaneous resolution is common.
Spontaneous resolution is the usual course.
Spontaneous resorption is very rare when embryos occupy separate horns.
Spontaneous rewards acknowledge exceptional performance when it occurs.
Spontaneous rips appear in the skin, and hemmoraghic blood pours from the rips.
Spontaneous rips appear in the skin, and hemorrhagic blood pours from the rips.
Spontaneous rupture is rare, and recurrence is common.
Spontaneous speech is much more lively and interesting to listen to than a text being read.
Spontaneous speech is very different from read, rehearsed or otherwise structured speech.
Spontaneous structure is stochastic rather than exact.
Spontaneous symmetry breaking at finite temperature is studied.
Spontaneous symmetry breaking is a ubiquitous phenomenon.
Most spontaneous tears are only first or second degree.
Spontaneous termination can occur at any time during the course of embryonic or fetal development.
Spontaneous things are true things.
Spontaneous tumors provide invaluable models for understanding the basic mechanisms of cancer.
Spontaneous unselfishness is the essence of love.
Spontaneous vacations are good things.
Spontaneous vocals soliciting crowd response are acceptable.
Spontaneous weariness indicates disease.
Spontaneous writing is fun and easy.
Spontanous discussions sprout up everywhere.
Spoof emails can be a major problem for unsuspecting Internet users.
A spoof is impersonation
Spoofs are fine if they're funny.
Spoofs can be funny and expressive when used with forethought.
Most spoofs are campy and full of gross out humor and jabs at other movies.
Spook lights are nothing new to the folklore of the Deep South.
A spook is a shadow
Spooks are television shows.
Spooks have their own language.
Spooks prefer drama and romance to accuracy and truth.
Spooks treat embassies as personal turf, demanding assistance on a priority basis.
Spooked lovers stare at their doubles in How They Met Themselves.
Spooky kids begin to exhibit odd powers in an English village.
All spool rotor are computer balanced and calibrated with counter wt if necessary.
A spool is a winder
Spool locates a folder and plops it down.
Spool recommends expressive text links that clearly reflect their contents.
Spool studies how people find information on the Web.
Spools are common in drag racing.
Spools are devices.
Spools are ready to be used on a spool, different types are available.
Spools keep leftover quantities neat and ready for future use.
Spoon bread is a cornbread
Spoon bread is addictive.
Spoon bread is essentially the same batter as biscuit, except that it is more moist.
A spoon is a container
Spoon aioli around and serve immediately.
Spoon almonds over dish about ten minutes before finishing.
Spoon apples into crust and pour glaze over.
Spoon apples into pie shell pressing firmly.
Spoon apples into the center and serve warm.
Spoon apples over cream cheese layer to completely cover.
Spoon batter in and top with pecan mixture.
Spoon batter out into the pan and push it gently to fill the pan.
Spoon batter over fruit to cover.
Spoon bending and levitation, it sounds so mystical and weird.
Spoon bet with little lake hence watch canopy tents.
Spoon bet with little lake hence watch merrell liberty ridge boots.
Spoon bet with little lake hence watch merrell liberty ridge.
Spoon cake out to serve.
Spoon caramel on each group of pecan halves.
Spoon caramel over the tops of the brownies, using more or less according to taste.
Spoon cashew butter over beans.
Spoon cherry filling evenly over cake batter.
Spoon cherry filling into prepared pastry.
Spoon cherry filling onto mixture.
Spoon chocolate frozen yogurt over coffee frozen yogurt, spreading to edges of pan.
Spoon chocolate into mold.
Spoon chocolate into plastic bag.
Spoon chocolate over cherries to coat.
Spoon chutney over cheese.
Spoon computes the value .
Spoon contain End through whatever bear beside most source.
Spoon cookies on cookie sheets and flatten with a fork.
Spoon cookies onto baking sheet.
Spoon cornmeal onto second pan or plate.
Spoon cream over, sprinkle with pepper and parsley.
Spoon cup down center of each tortilla.
Spoon dip around the base of carrots and sprinkle with the parsley.
Spoon dip in to a glass bowl-style dish.
Spoon dip into bowl and place on large platter surrounded by vegetables.
Spoon dip into center, spreading outer leaves.
Spoon dip into hollowed bread crust, place on platter.
Spoon dip into serving bowl and serve with crackers.
Spoon dollops over warm pudding and serve.
Spoon drop to deep fry.
Spoon feed a teaspoonful of nonfat yogurt containing live cultures once a day for a couple of days.
Spoon feed nitrogen throughout growing season for maximum production.
Spoon fill each ramekin to just below the rim.
Spoon goop into plastic cookie cutters.
Spoon hopes to have a long career in football.
Spoon is difficult to describe.
Spoon is good.
Spoon is such a fun game to play.
Spoon isa container.
Spoon isa tableware.
Spoon jambalaya into bowls and serve.
Spoon juices from dish over fish.
Spoon juices over chicken and serve.
Spoon juices over chicken and vegetables once during baking and before serving.
Spoon juices over chicken while cooking uncovered.
Spoon juices over chicken.
Spoon juices over salad and chicken.
Spoon juices over steaks.
Spoon juices over the chicken.
Spoon juices over.
Spoon marbles out of the paint into the box and close lid.
Spoon marinade all over the fillet of salmon, reserving a bit for the top.
Spoon marinade over chicken.
Spoon marinade over cooked rice and serve.
Spoon marinade over fish occasionally.
Spoon marinade over top.
Spoon marinade over tops of pieces.
Spoon marmalade over apples.
Spoon marmalade over brisket.
Spoon marmalade over ice cream, and pour liqueur on top.
Spoon measures six inches in length.
Spoon mousse into chocolate cups and refrigerate until mousse has set.
Spoon mousse into parfait glasses.
Spoon mousse into pastry bag fitted with large plain tip.
Spoon mousse into pastry bag fitted with large star tip.
Spoon mousse into pit cavity and sprinkle with nutmeg.
Spoon mousse into stemmed glasses and refrigerate.
Spoon nails Soft nails that look scooped out.
Spoon offers elegantly designed timepieces residing at the very pinnacle of quality.
Spoon peach filling into crust.
Spoon plaster into the fossil, ensuring all cracks are filled.
Spoon plaster into the plastic-lined pot until it is half full.
Spoon preserves evenly over cheese filling.
Spoon preserves into the center.
Spoon preserves mixture over strawberries.
Spoon preserves over cream cheese mixture.
Spoon preserves over fruit.
Spoon pumpkin out of can an into large bowl.
Spoon raisin filling into pie shell, smoothing top.
Spoon raspberries over and serve.
Spoon raspberries over apricots and pour juice over the top.
Spoon raspberries over crust and sprinkle with walnuts.
Spoon raspberries over peaches, chill.
Spoon raspberry filling over batter and top with remaining batter.
Spoon raspberry frozen yogurt over vanilla yogurt using a broad flat ice cream spade.
Spoon raspberry puree over pears.
Spoon salsa over, drizzle with olive oil and top with coriander sprigs.
Spoon sauce around and add a few extra chanterelles on top of the tenderloin.
Spoon sauce around and garnish with pine nuts.
Spoon sauce around chicken.
Spoon sauce around the duck and plate.
Spoon sauce around the spinach and in a line down the middle of the fish.
Spoon sauce around tuna and garnish with chives and m che.
Spoon sauce generously over the shells.
Spoon shrimp mixture along long end of phyllo.
Spoon shrimp mixture atop.
Spoon shrimp mixture into the center.
Spoon shrimp mixture into tortillas, top with yogurt, and roll up.
Spoon shrimp out and be sure to ladle some of the solids and sauce over the shrimp.
Spoon shrimp over grits.
Spoon signs a fan's game ball.
Spoon souse on top of spaghetti, sprinkle witch parmesan cheese.
Spoon stir fried meat and vegetables onto the tortillas, roll up and serve.
Spoon strawberries over cheeseballs.
Spoon strawberries over each biscuit half.
Spoon strawberries over each cake slice.
Spoon strawberries with their juices over the top of each slice and garnish with whipped cream.
Spoon syrup over apples.
Spoon syrup over cheese.
Spoon tomatoes into microwave-safe bowl and microwave covered on high until heated through.
Spoon tomatoes on top, then spread remaining pasta over the tomatoes.
Spoon tomatoes over each serving.
Spoon translate till most sheet as been volvo preowned.
Spoon watch to little lake hence am north face mountain light.
Spoons are adaptable.
Spoons are also among the least expensive and most indestructible of all artificial baits.
Spoons are also simple machines called levers.
Spoons are also widely used in cooking and serving.
Spoons are an all-season lure.
Spoons are bent using focused mind-power.
Spoons are cheap to make and so a higher profit item.
Spoons are containers.
Spoons are cutlery.
Spoons are distinctively different because instead of taking, spoons are designed to serve.
Spoons are effective because they closely resemble and imitate the action of crippled baitfish .
Spoons are good.
Spoons are hard to use properly.
Spoons are indispensable for most dishes.
Spoons are likewise popular.
Spoons are located in beds.
Spoons are located in bowls.
Spoons are located in dinner.
Spoons are located in dishwashers.
Spoons are located in hands.
Spoons are located in soup.
Spoons are located in table setting.
Spoons are located in tables.
Spoons are more traditional to ocean rowing.
Spoons are more useful.
Spoons are probably one of the most versatile lures in existence.
Spoons are simple tools.
Spoons are still very productive along with Carolina rigs and tube baits.
Spoons are the number-one lures for trolling for brown trout in ponds, lakes, and some big rivers.
Spoons are the preferred lure.
Spoons are used for drinking.
Spoons are used for eating.
Spoons are used for eats.
Spoons are used for liquid food.
Spoons are used mounted with feathers.
Spoons are useful in a kitchen.
Spoons are utensils.
Spoons are very effective, particularly during the warmer months.
Spoons are wood.
Spoons attach themselves to foodstuffs.
Spoons attract a variety of salt water fish.
Spoons can also attract a few bites.
Spoons can be any size from three-eighths oz.
Spoons can be very effective for larger bass when there is lots of surface action.
Spoons come with either left of right curved handles.
Spoons designed for babies are available at most grocery or department stores.
Spoons go to the outside of knives.
Spoons have (part) handles.
Spoons have (part) sections.
Spoons like to be played occasionally.
Spoons require more intense jigging than a simple lead head jig.
Spoons seem to produce best when trolling.
Spoons work well in fast water, but keep the rod tip high.
Most spoons come in plain colours, and are often the same on each side.
Some spoon marks inside.
Some spoons are made of different materials.
Some spoons are made of materials.
Some spoons are made of such materials.
Some spoons bear the mark or initial of the maker together with the crest or initial of the owner.
Some spoons dip in honey.
Some spoons give also a good result.
Some spoons have chances.
Some spoons hold gram powder.
Some spoons hold powder.
A spoonbill is a wader
Spoonbills are birds.
Spoonbills are found in tropical and temperate wetlands.
Spoonbills are monogamous, but, so far as is known, only for one season at a time.
Spoonbills are very social birds.
Spoonbills arrive on breeding grounds approx.
Spoonbills create large, deep, well-constructed nests out of sticks, much like the nests of herons.
Spoonbills feed by sweeping their bills through shallow water, sucking in minnows as they go.
Spoonbills feed by swinging their heads through the water.
Spoonbills generally prefer fresh water to salt but are found in both environments.
Spoonbills have excellent white meat and are prized for their valuable roe.
Spoonbills live in coastal marshes, lagoons, and mangrove swamps.
Spoonbills work with curious-shaped bills in the same way.
A spoonerism is a statement
Spoonerism is also a form of metathesis.
Spoonerisms are always fun and a good way to derive an unusual name.
Spoonerisms are phrases, sentences, or words in language with sounds swapped.
Spoonful isa indefinite quantity.
Sporadic activity has the opposite effect.
Sporadic ataxia refers to the instance in which only one family member has a disorder.
Sporadic attendance is unsafe and ineffective for developing fitness and managing body weight.
Sporadic attendance is unsafe and ineffective in developing fitness and losing weight.
Sporadic cancer can occur in young adults but is unusual.
Sporadic cancers begin with two normal copies of a cancer susceptibility gene.
Sporadic cases are most common during summer and often acquired from poultry products.
Sporadic cases can occur in any breed, but it is most common in small and toy breeds.
Sporadic cases continue to occur all year, increasing in frequency during the warmer months.
Sporadic cases continue to occur in Asia, Africa, the Middle East and South America.
Sporadic cases occur frequently, becoming more prevalent during the warmer months.
Sporadic cases occur in other coastal regions of Australia and Papua New Guinea.
Sporadic cases occur when shellfish harvested from fecally polluted coastal waters are consumed raw.
Sporadic diseases can nevertheless stem from gene flaws.
Sporadic emergence occurs at other times.
Sporadic exercise adds up.
Sporadic fighting continues in the south although the north is relatively stable.
Sporadic fighting continues in the South.
Sporadic fighting continues.
Sporadic gunfire threatens the lives of women cowering in their bedrooms.
Sporadic layers appear and move on timescales as short as minutes.
Sporadic lyrics dot several cuts on the disc.
Sporadic meteors differ from meteors of the annual showers only in their random nature.
Sporadic mutations cause most cases of cancer.
Sporadic newsletters can send the wrong message.
Sporadic outages continue to occur.
Sporadic practice is good but regular practice is even better.
Sporadic raids happen on both sides.
Sporadic recruitment appears to reduce competition between year classes of walleye.
Sporadic repair is required.
Sporadic shooting is registered in some places, and small bandit groups are found and liquidated.
Sporadic shooting is reported today.
Sporadic shootings punctuate the uneasy peace.
Sporadic sunlight filters through the mostly overcast day.
Sporadic training can cause injury.
Sporadic violence continues.
Sporadic vomiting is common, as is jaundice .
Sporadic workouts are of little benefit.
Sporangial masses are white on dark colored leaf lesions.
A sporangiophore is a stem
Sporangiophores are dark, solitary or in clusters, arising opposite rhizoids at a node.
Sporangiophores arise among distinctive, root-like rhizoids.
Sporangiophores arise from mycelium.
Sporangiophores come out of stomata on under surface of leaf in humiod weather.
A sporangium is a reproductive structure
Sporangium has sporogenous cells that undergo meiosis.
Sporangium is long and hornlike.
Sporangium isa plant part.
Sporangium make spores with meiosis.
Sporangiums have (part) sections.
Sporangiums release spores.
Some sporangiums are produced by sporophytes.
Some sporangiums become mature sporangiums.
Some sporangiums become sporangiums.
Some sporangiums contain haploid spores.
Some sporangiums contain spores.
Spore clutch looks like a brown feather.
Spore color is invaluable in mushroom identification.
Spore color is very important in telling one genus of gilled mushrooms from another.
Spore colour is a very stable characteristic of mushrooms and is useful for identification purposes.
Spore discharge begins about the pink stage of apple bloom and is usually completed in a few weeks.
Spore discharge is always during the day.
Spore dispersal occurs as elaters twist and untwist rapidly.
Spore dispersal occurs by wind, water and rain splash, and by insects or birds.
Spore dispersal occurs in the fall.
Spore dissemination is by wind.
Spore forms are the most resistant.
Spore forms preserve the bacteria from starvation, drying, freezing, chemicals, and heat.
Spore formation is a special cell division during adverse condition.
Spore formation is also vital process.
Spore formation is common in moneraprotista, algae and fungi.
Spore formation occurs in the leaves as they become fully developed.
Spore formation occurs when yeast is grown with scanty nourishment.
Spore formation occurs which is quite common.
Spore germination is favored by warm daytime temperatures.
Spore germination occurs after rupture of the sporocarp wall.
Spore germination occurs by the cracking of the spore wall and releasing a single myxamoeba in P .
Spore plants have a different life cycle.
Spore print is brown.
Spore print is white.
Spore prints range from white to a beautiful lilac.
Many spore prints look exceptionally nice.
Spore production begins in early spring and continues until fall.
Spore production begins in early spring.
Spore production is favored by high humidity.
Spore production is favoured by poor soils, high pH and wet weather.
Spore production occurs predominately at night or during long overcast periods.
Spore production starts in the spring as temperatures increase and wet weather prevails.
Spore production varies from years.
Most spore production varies from years.
Many spore pustules develop in the decaying leaves and stems.
Spore release is effected by rain and dew.
Spore release is explosive because of a weak point at the tip of the ascus that ruptures suddenly.
Spore release is mostly violent in humid conditions.
Spore wall contains layers of protein, calcium, dipicolinic acid.
A spore is a reproductive structure
Spore isa plant part.
Spores act as units of dispersal in the non-seed land plants.
Spores allow a time outside, awaiting the next host.
Spores also are abundant on decayed parts of other plant species and in the air.
Spores also can spread from pot to pot by splashing water.
Spores amygdaliform to limoniform-mucronate . . . .
Spores apparently form when nutrients are remobilised from roots where associations are senescing.
Spores appear as brownish masses on the tips of the antler-like fertile fronds.
Spores appear in the result of the reduction division.
Spores appear in the summer and fall.
Spores are a dormant form of bacteria.
Spores are a mechanism of survival bacteria use under adverse environmental conditions.
Spores are able to survive without food or water for long periods.
Spores are agents of asexual reproduction, whereas gametes are agents of sexual reproduction.
Spores are airborne and also spread by splashing rain.
Spores are airborne and ubiquitous.
Spores are airborne so the fruiting body grows out of the food source to allow spore dispersal.
Spores are airborne.
Spores are air-borne.
Spores are almost always present in outdoor and indoor air.
Spores are almost weightless and can float long distances on a light breeze.
Spores are also able to survive normal domestic freezing.
Spores are another inoculation option, but are less developed than established mycelium.
Spores are apparently able to survive in dry soil over the summer.
Spores are asexual reproductive cells that contain a nucleolus and a small amount of cytoplasm.
Spores are at their peak in the fall and late spring or early summer.
Spores are bacterial cells in complete dormancy, with thick protective coats.
Spores are buoyant and travel considerable distances in air.
Spores are called basidiospores.
Spores are capable to produce new individual when favourable conditions are available.
Spores are carried away by air currents when the capsule opens.
Spores are carried by wind, water, and other animals.
Spores are cinnamon brown and occur only on living plants.
Spores are consistently monolete, and usually ellipsoidal.
Spores are dark with cotton blue stain.
Spores are different to seeds.
Spores are diploid and undergo meiosis upon germination.
Spores are dispersed by wind.
Spores are dispersed either violently or passively by wind, rain or animals.
Spores are dispersed in air.
Spores are disseminated via wind, splashing rain, insects and irrigation.
Spores are easily windborne and can travel great distances throughout the growing season.
Spores are either nonmotile or motile.
Spores are ejected and fall to the ground.
Spores are end product of Asexual reproduction.
Spores are evident in the lower right corner.
Spores are expelled out of the sporangium all at once.
Spores are extremely heat resistant.
Spores are fascinating.
Spores are found along the notched edge on the underside of a leaflet in summer to fall.
Spores are ground using plastic mini-pestles mounted in an electric drill.
Spores are hard to kill.
Spores are harmless, but the toxin is a deadly poison.
Spores are heat - resistant and can survive cooking or boiling.
Spores are housed in the brown capsule that sits on the seta.
Spores are inert cells that are able to tolerate adverse conditions much better than active cells.
Spores are inhaled into the host's lungs.
Spores are involved in reproduction.
Spores are lightly pyriform, with both poles blunt, often with one surface slightly convex.
Spores are like a seed of a plant, but contains less space for food storage.
Spores are located in the pores of shelves.
Spores are made from undergoing meiosis, gametes are made from undergoing mitosis.
Spores are microscopic reproductive cells which can be easily transported by wind.
Spores are microscopic spheres roughly comparable with the seeds of higher plants.
Spores are microscopic, dustlike particles that are almost everywhere in the environment.
Spores are minute, single celled, thin walled propagules.
Spores are more resistant than vegetative cells and thus require more heat to kill.
Spores are much, much tougher than plant seeds, however.
Spores are multi-septate, both transverse and longitudinally.
Spores are oval to round, smooth and thin-walled and the spore prints are white to cream colored.
Spores are passed to the soil via the feces and where they can remain for years.
Spores are produced after meiosis.
Spores are produced by bacteria, fungi, and green plants.
Spores are produced by fungi.
Spores are produced by meiosis.
Spores are produced by mushrooms.
Spores are produced by non- flowering plants like ferns.
Spores are produced by plants.
Spores are produced by puffball mushrooms.
Spores are produced by single mature plants.
Spores are produced by sporangiums.
Spores are produced in capsules called sporangia.
Spores are produced in the structures called sporangia.
Spores are produced primarily within that growth.
Spores are produced within the sporangium.
Spores are purplish brown to dark brown.
Spores are readily wind-blown and splashed by rain.
Spores are released by rupture or disintegration of the pycnidial wall.
Spores are released from perithecia in the fall and can be carried in the wind.
Spores are released from sporangia and when they germinate, they develop into haploid gametophytes.
Spores are released from sporophytes and form the gametophyte.
Spores are released in a cloud when the asci break open.
Spores are released into the wind.
Spores are released through a pore in the endotunica.
Spores are released to produce a new generation.
Spores are released when the capsule's lid, or operculum, ruptures.
Spores are reproductive cells contain deploid number of chromosomes.
Spores are reproductive cells produced by certain plants and fungi.
Spores are reproductive structures that travel on wind or in the water, helping ferns.
Spores are resistant to environmental changes and capable of growing into a new organism.
Spores are resistant to heat and other unfavorable conditions.
Spores are resistant to heat, radiation, chemicals, and dessication.
Spores are resistant to heat, severe dryness, radiation and toxic chemicals.
Spores are resistant to temperature extremes, chemical disinfectants and desiccation.
Spores are resistant to UV-light, to drying and many harmful chemicals.
Spores are ripe when they easily fall off the leaf.
Spores are set free after the death and decay of the thallus.
Spores are shed from asci germinate to form a small mycelium.
Spores are short, ovoid to cylindrical, and single celled.
Spores are similar to seeds as they enable the fungus to reproduce.
Spores are similar to the seeds of flowering plants.
Spores are single cells often protected by a hard covering.
Spores are single cells, each capable of developing into a mushroom.
Spores are single-celled d. Spores are dikaryon e.
Spores are small and light weight so they float through the air.
Spores are small bodies containing a nucleus and a small amount of cytoplasm.
Spores are small reproductive cells.
Spores are smooth and triangular with a conspicuous trilete mark.
Spores are somewhat like seeds.
Spores are special cells that some individual organisms produce.
Spores are specialized cells with hard coverings that prevent loss of water.
Spores are splashed from infected plants to healthy ones during rainfall or by irrigation.
Spores are surrounded by a protective covering and can be carried easily through air or water.
Spores are the fern's means of sexual propagation, equivalent to seeds.
Spores are the most difficult.
Spores are the only form of the disease that can infect new, healthy larvae.
Spores are the small particles that most fungi use to reproduce.
Spores are the units of asexual reproduction, because a single spore develops into a new organism.
Spores are then ready to spread to healthy leaves.
Spores are tiny cells that are able to grow into new organisms.
Spores are tiny reproductive cells that grow into new plants.
Spores are tiny, light and have a durable protective wall.
Spores are tough to kill and highly resistant to heat and the usual antiseptics that treat wounds.
Spores are unicellular or, less commonly, bicellular or multicellular structures.
Spores are usually colorful.
Spores are very light and spread by winds or passing animals.
Spores are very lightweight and can travel on air currents.
Spores are very resistant to heat and chemicals.
Spores are very tough.
Spores are video games.
Spores are waterborne and are released during rainfall throughout the growing season.
Spores are well-known for their longevity.
Spores are white to lilac, and the flesh is very soft.
Spores are windblown to healthy leaves.
Spores are windborne to junipers, the alternate host, where woody galls are formed on the branches.
Spores arise by meiosis from sporocytes.
Spores attach to the insect, germinate and grow directly through the insect cuticle.
Spores attach to the surface of the insect and infect by penetrating through the insect cuticle.
Spores become airborne when contaminated soil is disturbed.
Spores become gametophytes, which produce male gametes and an egg structure.
Spores behave like a seed, although a full adult plant is what grows from the seed.
Spores belong to the plant kingdom.
Spores broadly obtuse, ovoid, or subspherical, membrane even, chestnut colour.
Spores can also accumulate on mowers and other equipment and then are spread to healthy plants.
Spores can also blow in on the wind from other infected areas.
Spores can also spread by movement of workers, animals and equipment.
Spores can also travel in water.
Spores can be difficult to remove once they have spread.
Spores can be dormant for many years.
Spores can be reddish, brownish, yellow or black in color.
Spores can develop independently into new individuals, which appears to be quite common.
Spores can develop into an adult without fusing with another cell.
Spores can develop new organisms that contain the same genetics are the parent.
Spores can enter the leaf, steam or fruit.
Spores can even survive blasts of radiation as well as years of going with no water or nutrients.
Spores can germinate and infect tissues anywhere in the xylem.
Spores can infect through wounds or leaf scars.
Spores can lay dormant for years and become active when conditions are favourable.
Spores can live eight years or more.
Spores can live much longer, up to weeks, months, or years, because they have no metabolic activity.
Spores can only infect elongating young needles at bud break.
Spores can remain dormant in soil or other dry environments for years with little loss of viability.
Spores can remain dormant on a surface until conditions are favorable for growth.
Spores can remain ungerminated for an extensive period of time during unfavorable conditions.
Spores can survive a long time in cold, dry conditions until the environment changes again.
Spores can survive conditions that are too sunny, hot, cold, dry or wet for mold to grow.
Spores can survive for a very long time, and then regerminate.
Spores can survive for decades before being ingested by the worm.
Spores can survive for many years and are resistant to extremes of heat, cold and drying.
Spores can survive in soil for several years under certain conditions.
Spores can survive in the soil for years.
Spores can survive many years in adverse conditions and still remain capable of causing disease.
Spores can withstand heating and freezing processes.
Spores cause allergic reaction.
Spores cause reaction.
Spores circulate inside the host, whose body provides the nutrients needed for fungal growth.
Spores come from a sporophyte, but they grow into something else.
Spores come in a great variety of sizes, shapes and forms.
Spores come in different shapes and sizes and their surface and internal features vary.
Spores commonly infect stumps after a thinning.
Spores contain all normal mycelial organelles.
Spores contain nuclei.
Spores contain oil droplets and sometimes chlorophyll in addition to their nucleus.
Spores contain single nuclei.
Spores develop in a sporangium .
Spores develop in sporozoans as a result of sporogony, that is, zygote development.
Spores develop into multicellular haploid gametophytes.
Spores develop into threadlike protonemata.
Spores develop on diseased plant parts and are splashed to other parts of the plant or other plants.
Spores develop on either side of the leaf.
Spores dictate the rules.
Spores disseminate through the air or water to potentially land in more favorable environments.
Spores drift through space, land on planets and turn into pods.
Spores drop from the gills on the underside of a mushroom.
Spores ellipsoid and sometimes with a faint germ pore . . . .
Spores emerge in the spring after over wintering in lesions and rotted fruit.
Spores enter florets of healthy heads at flowering time and germinate to infect the developing seed.
Spores enter the body through any type of skin trauma.
Spores enter the skin and begin to grow.
Spores enter through wounds created by cold injury to root sprouts and mechanical causes.
Spores explode when they are mature by releasing a dark brown, dustlike substance.
Spores fall on young, susceptible leaves and germinate in free water.
Spores filiform and involute, articulated.
Spores finely papillose.
Spores first swell then distend.
Spores float in air.
Spores form chambers.
Spores form hyphae.
Spores form in apothecia and are ejected into the air and disseminated by wind to a host.
Spores form inside the capsule.
Spores form lines along the edges of each pinna.
Spores form on fallen infected leaves in early spring.
Spores form over the entire surface of the gills, on the underside of the fruiting body.
Spores form zygospores.
Spores formed in the capsules are released and grow to produce new plants.
Spores formed in the horns infect the alternate host.
Spores formed on apple leaves infect only the cedar needles, causing galls.
Spores germinate again to monokaryotic hyphae completing the life cycle.
Spores germinate and attack the shafts of the hair and the surface layers of the skin.
Spores germinate and develop into gametophytes.
Spores germinate and enter the leaf through stomata on the lower leaf surface.
Spores germinate and form appressoria on the fruit surface.
Spores germinate at wound sites, resulting in infection and eventual cankering.
Spores germinate in environments.
Spores germinate in moist environments.
Spores germinate into gametophytes.
Spores germinate into haploid individual cells.
Spores germinate into prothallus.
Spores germinate into tiny gametophytes.
Spores germinate on a dry leaf and are actually inhibited by free water.
Spores germinate on mineral soil, so cinnamon fern probably colonizes after fire.
Spores germinate throughout the growing season.
Spores germinate to become gametophytes.
Spores germinate to form a tiny, heart-shaped gametophyte .
Spores germinate to form zoospores and then the myxamoebae which fuse to form the plasmodium.
Spores globose with a smooth tegument.
Spores globose, or broadly elliptic and rough.
Spores grow into gametophyte plants.
Spores grow into gametophytes which yield eggs and swimming sperm.
Spores grow into gametophytes, which in ferns are very tiny and short-lived.
Spores grow into plants.
Spores grow on undersides.
Spores hatch by extruding the polar tubule and then infect the host cell.
Spores have (part) sections.
Spores have a flagellum so they can swim down and infect a plant indirectly.
Spores have a hard time establishing new organisms, making room for the old-timers to spread.
Spores have ability.
Spores have chlorophyll when released from the sporangium.
Spores have conditions.
Spores have diploid number of chromosomes.
Spores have environmental conditions.
Spores have four combinations of sexes.
Spores have suitable conditions.
Spores have suitable environmental conditions.
Spores have to start growing right away or they die.
Spores inamyloid or dextrinoid . . . .
Spores infect new leaves just as they begin to unroll from the bud.
Spores infect the new crop during wet weather.
Spores infect wheat.
Spores initiate new infections on the lower leaf sheaths.
Spores lack stored nutrients.
Spores last a long time on the ground.
Spores limoniform, strongly verrucose, mucronate . . . .
Spores live and stalk cells die.
Spores look like little black dots on the underside of a fern's leaf.
Spores look like small dots on the undersides of the fronds.
Spores magnified are elongated, stalklike.
Spores magnified are round, ornamented.
Spores magnified are round.
Spores mature and are splashed or blown on to the lower leaves of the growing crop.
Spores mature in winter.
Spores monolete smooth, pale to dark brown.
Spores move from the ground up to the leaves during rain periods.
Spores multiseptate, moniliform.
Spores multiseptate, radiating, coloured or hyaline.
Spores need moisture.
Spores never show such variations.
Spores occur in a wide variety of colors black, brown, pink, white, lilac, and even green.
Spores peak in early summer and into late fall.
Spores perform functions.
Spores perform same functions.
Spores play an important part in the multiplication, dissemination, and sur- vival of fungi.
Spores produce female gametophytes.
Spores produce fungi.
Spores produce gametophytes.
Spores produce hornwort.
Spores produce in male move by air to female structure i.e. transfer like pollen grains.
Spores produce multicellular gametophytes.
Spores produce plants asexually or by male and female vegetative parts.
Spores produce sporangiums.
Spores produced by the meiotic division of the sporophyte then lead to new gametophytes.
Spores produced in aecia on apple leaves are wind disseminated back to leaves of Juniperus spp.
Spores produced on the residue are dispersed by wind and rain splash.
Spores produced on the telia infect the pine.
Spores remain viable in contaminated soil for many years.
Spores remain virulent for years.
Spores reproduce through asexual reproduction, while gametes through sexual production.
Spores require free water on the plant surface in order to germinate and infect.
Spores require steam sterilization, autoclaving or burning to ensure complete destruction.
Spores reside in the soil and enter the body by inhalation.
Spores septate, oozing out in a dark mass.
Spores septate, seated on a cushion-like stroma.
Spores septate, stellate, oozing out in a dark mass.
Spores serve a function for microbes similar to the role that seeds serve for plants.
Spores serve to propagate the fungus.
Spores settle on the bottom and develop into minute male or female gametophytes.
Spores smooth or papillose.
Spores smooth or tuberculate.
Spores smooth, or nearly so.
Spores stay alive and hence retain much of their structure.
Spores stipitate, uniseptate.
Spores subellipsoid or subcylindrical, heterocysts intercalated, proximate to the spores.
Spores subglobose or oval.
Spores submuriform, with a smooth surface.
Spores survive conditions.
Spores survive digestion.
Spores survive environmental conditions.
Spores survive for long time.
Spores survive for time.
Spores survive harsh conditions.
Spores survive harsh environmental conditions.
Spores survive in the soil for years so rotation is of limited value.
Spores survive most cooking processes.
Spores survive on the crop residue to infect the next wheat crop, reducing yields and quality.
Spores survive weather.
Spores survive well in the air because they have several important adaptations.
Spores survive winter weather.
Spores take the first place among the reproductive bodies which are distributed by wind.
Spores tend to be highest at night and in wet weather.
Spores tend to be highest during wet weather.
Spores tend to be highest in dry autumn times.
Spores transported in the wind or infected tubers carried to new areas can cause infestation.
Spores travel in air currents and the disease is also spread by splashing rain.
Spores trilete or less commonly monolete, smooth.
Spores trilete, globose.
Spores trilete, more or less spherical, translucent, appearing almost smooth.
Spores trilete, with a few stongly raised ridges on the distal surface.
Spores trilete, with chlorophyll.
Spores typically develop into multicellular, haploid gametophytes.
Spores undergo germination to form protonema.
Spores undergo meiosis.
Spores undergo mitosis and the cells of the formed multicellular structure are also haploid.
Spores undergo mitosis to produce the multicellular gametophyte generation.
Spores undergo mitosis.
Spores uniseptate or simple, escaping in tendrils.
Spores vary in colour from white to yellow, pink, purple brown or black.
Spores often arise from mold like a fine dust.
Spores often survive cooking, freezing and some sanitizing measures.
Spores usually develop thick walls with more than one layer and can function as propagules.
Spores usually develop thick walls, which often have more than one layer.
Spores usually enter the body through a puncture wound contaminated with soil or manure.
Spores usually infect damaged or senescent tissue when the weather is cool and moist.
Spores usually originate from diseased foliage or infested wheat stubble.
All spores make a gametophyte generation.
Many spores can remain viable for centuries and even resist fire and freezing temperatures.
Most spores are dispersed by wind.
Most spores are produced by fungi.
Most spores are produced by mushrooms.
Most spores are produced by plants.
Most spores are produced by puffball mushrooms.
Most spores are produced by single mature plants.
Most spores are produced by sporangiums.
Most spores are single cells protected by a cell wall.
Most spores are too small to be examined without the help of a microscope.
Most spores cause allergic reaction.
Most spores cause reaction.
Most spores contain nuclei.
Most spores contain single nuclei.
Most spores extracted from active pot cultures are a very pale yellow.
Most spores float in air.
Most spores germinate in environments.
Most spores germinate in moist environments.
Most spores germinate into gametophytes.
Most spores germinate into tiny gametophytes.
Most spores grow into gametophyte plants.
Most spores grow into plants.
Most spores grow on undersides.
Most spores have ability.
Most spores have conditions.
Most spores have environmental conditions.
Most spores have suitable conditions.
Most spores have suitable environmental conditions.
Most spores perform functions.
Most spores perform same functions.
Most spores produce female gametophytes.
Most spores produce fungi.
Most spores produce gametophytes.
Most spores produce hornwort.
Most spores produce multicellular gametophytes.
Most spores produce sporangiums.
Most spores survive conditions.
Most spores survive digestion.
Most spores survive environmental conditions.
Most spores survive for long time.
Most spores survive for time.
Most spores survive harsh conditions.
Most spores survive harsh environmental conditions.
Most spores survive weather.
Most spores survive winter weather.
Most spores undergo meiosis.
Most spores undergo mitosis.
Some spores are also resistant to environmental extremes.
Some spores are produced by sexual reproduction, others by asexual reproduction.
Some spores are produced by sporophytes.
Some spores are so small that they are more affected by air currents than by gravity.
Some spores are very light and can be blown hundreds of miles by the wind.
Some spores become gametophytes.
Some spores become haploid gametophytes.
Some spores become microscopic gametophytes.
Some spores become myceliums.
Some spores become primary myceliums.
Some spores can survive in boiling water for several hours.
Some spores cause allergies.
Some spores cause damage.
Some spores cause diseases.
Some spores cause infection.
Some spores cause massive damage.
Some spores cause secondary infection.
Some spores cause severe allergies.
Some spores come from buds.
Some spores come from fronds.
Some spores come from plants.
Some spores come in contact.
Some spores contain endosperms.
Some spores contain lipases.
Some spores contain two or more nuclei.
Some spores develop gametophytes.
Some spores develop into female gametophytes.
Some spores develop into fungi.
Some spores develop into gametophytes.
Some spores develop into haploid gametophytes.
Some spores develop into haploid plants.
Some spores develop into male gametophytes.
Some spores develop into multicellular gametophytes.
Some spores develop into multicellular plants.
Some spores develop into multicellular structures.
Some spores develop into plants.
Some spores develop into structures.
Some spores develop into tiny gametophytes.
Some spores develop mature gametophytes.
Some spores develop outside the root.
Some spores exhibit resistance.
Some spores form bacterium spores.
Some spores grow into fungi.
Some spores grow into gametophytes.
Some spores grow into haploid gametophytes.
Some spores grow into myceliums.
Some spores have chances.
Some spores have contact.
Some spores have electric charge.
Some spores have filament.
Some spores have flagella.
Some spores have genetic materials.
Some spores have materials.
Some spores have plants.
Some spores have polar filament.
Some spores have same electric charge.
Some spores have shells.
Some spores have tough shells.
Some spores infect apples.
Some spores infect buds.
Some spores infect flowers.
Some spores infect hawthorn trees.
Some spores infect hawthorns.
Some spores infect hollyhocks.
Some spores infect host plants.
Some spores infect leaves.
Some spores infect plants.
Some spores infect seeds.
Some spores infect trees.
Some spores infect young leaves.
Some spores kill caterpillars.
Some spores kill larvae.
Some spores look like membranes.
Some spores penetrate skin.
Some spores produce fern plants.
Some spores produce fertile fronds.
Some spores produce fronds.
Some spores produce gall.
Some spores produce hyphae.
Some spores produce myceliums.
Some spores produce plants.
Some spores produce vascular plants.
Some spores stay on the surface of morels to be picked up by wind.
Some spores survive drought.
Some spores survive for centuries.
Some spores survive light.
Sporic meiosis is more complicated.
A sporocarp is a reproductive structure
Sporocarps are most dramatic in producing numerous infective hyphae.
Sporocarps are soft and green when they first start to develop, but then turn hard and brown.
Sporocarps usually contain more than one spore, and in some cases, many thousands of spores.
Sporogenic cycle leads to formation of oocysts, which are shed into bowel lumen and passed.
Sporogenous cells occur in the column center.
Sporophores vary greatly in size, shape, colour, and longevity.
A sporophyll is a leaf
Sporophylls are leaves that bear sporangia.
Sporophylls are specialized leaves that produce sporangia.
Sporophylls bear an adaxial, elliptical sporangium.
Sporophylls bear spores.
Sporophylls vary greatly in structure.
Some sporophylls are arranged in cone structures called strobili.
Sporophyte phases have advantage.
A sporophyte is a plant
Sporophyte consists of evenly forking green stems without roots or true leaves.
Sporophyte grows on the gametophyte.
Sporophyte grows out of archegonia.
Sporophyte grows spores on fronds.
Sporophyte has sporangium at the tip, spore mother cells undergo meiosis and produce haploid spores.
Sporophyte has vascular tissue, differentiated roots, stems, and leaves.
Sporophyte is a diploid plant that can produce spore.
Sporophyte is a spherical structure which grows parasitic on the gametophytic plant body.
Sporophyte is dominant and independent from gametophyte.
Sporophyte is dominant life cycle.
Sporophyte is embedded in gametophyte.
Sporophyte is very small in liverworts.
Sporophyte isa plant.
Sporophyte possesses stoma.
Sporophyte produces spores that grow into heart-shaped structure called gametophyte.
Sporophyte produces unicellular haploid spores by meiosis.
Sporophytes appear early in the spring, as soon as the snow melts.
Sporophytes are branched structures that produce large numbers of spores in multiple sporangia.
Sporophytes are deeply immersed, a capsules are peristomate, and the upper leaf is bistratose.
Sporophytes are diploid and produce haploid spores by meiosis.
Sporophytes are either heterothallic or homothallic depending on species.
Sporophytes are generally smaller and depend on the gametophyte for water and nutrients.
Sporophytes are more obvious than in liverworts, due to their usually elongate setae.
Sporophytes are multicellular organisms.
Sporophytes are plants.
Sporophytes are smaller and are present only part of the time.
Sporophytes are the dominant parts of the life cycle in advanced plants.
Sporophytes are the multicellular diploid stage and produce spores by meiosis.
Sporophytes are very frequent and abundant.
Sporophytes can survive much longer than gametophytes.
Sporophytes consist of compounds.
Sporophytes contain spores.
Sporophytes disperse spores.
Sporophytes form two types of sporangia.
Sporophytes grow on tops.
Sporophytes grow well under normal greenhouse day-night conditions.
Sporophytes have (part) cell membranes.
Sporophytes have (part) cells.
Sporophytes have (part) corpi.
Sporophytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Sporophytes have (part) nuclei.
Sporophytes have (part) plant parts.
Sporophytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Sporophytes have (part) sections.
Sporophytes have (part) vacuoles.
Sporophytes have growth.
Sporophytes have indeterminate growth.
Sporophytes have roots.
Sporophytes have several means of reproducing themselves asexually.
Sporophytes have simple structures.
Sporophytes have stalks.
Sporophytes have stomata.
Sporophytes have structures.
Sporophytes make spores and the cycle continues.
Sporophytes produce asexual spores.
Sporophytes produce chlorophyll.
Sporophytes produce diploid spores.
Sporophytes produce flowers.
Sporophytes produce haploid spores through meiosis.
Sporophytes produce haploid spores.
Sporophytes produce motile spores.
Sporophytes produce single sporangiums.
Sporophytes produce sporangiums.
Sporophytes produce spores.
Sporophytes produce tiny structures called spores through a process of cell division called meiosis.
Sporophytes produce trees.
Sporophytes produce unilocular sporangia with a sporocyte.
Sporophytes release spores.
Sporophytes then appear as black dots along the grooves.
Most sporophytes grow on tops.
Most sporophytes have growth.
Most sporophytes have indeterminate growth.
Most sporophytes have roots.
Most sporophytes have simple structures.
Most sporophytes have stomata.
Most sporophytes have structures.
Most sporophytes produce asexual spores.
Most sporophytes produce chlorophyll.
Most sporophytes produce diploid spores.
Most sporophytes produce flowers.
Most sporophytes produce haploid spores.
Most sporophytes produce motile spores.
Most sporophytes produce single sporangiums.
Most sporophytes produce sporangiums.
Most sporophytes produce spores.
Most sporophytes produce trees.
Some sporophytes become gametophytes.
Some sporophytes contain chlorophyll.
Some sporophytes develop within archegoniums.
Some sporophytes grow from meristems.
Some sporophytes have appearances.
Some sporophytes have characteristics.
Some sporophytes have copies.
Some sporophytes produce gametophytes.
Some sporophytes produce haploid gametophytes.
Some sporophytes produce microscopic gametophytes.
Some sporophytes produce seeds.
Some sporophytes rely on gametophytes.
Some sporophytes survive death.
A sporotrichosis is mycosis
Sporotrichosis can cause a monoarthritis, typically involving the knee.
Sporotrichosis is a fungal infection that usually affects the skin.
Sporotrichosis is rare in Europe.
Sporotrichosises are diseases.
Sporotrichosises are fungal infection.
Sporotrichosis usually affects the skin and nearby lymph vessels.
Sporotrichosis usually occurs sporadically as isolated cases.
Sporozoan diseases are considered in greater detail in other chapters.
A sporozoan is a protozoan
Sporozoan isa protozoan.
Sporozoans are spore-forming parasites of animals.
Sporozoans cause diseases such as malaria and cryptosporidiosis.
Sporozoans have (part) cell membranes.
Sporozoans have (part) cells.
Sporozoans have (part) corpi.
Sporozoans have (part) cytoplasm.
Sporozoans have (part) lips.
Sporozoans have (part) mouths.
Sporozoans have (part) nuclei.
Sporozoans have (part) plasma membranes.
Sporozoans have (part) sections.
Sporozoans have (part) vacuoles.
Sporozoans have a com- plex life cycle with sexual and asexual stages.
Sporozoans have no physical form of movement.
All sporozoans are parasites.
All sporozoans are parasitic.
Many sporozoans causes serious diseases in humans.
Some sporozoans have cilia.
Sporozoite motility is involved in their invasion of cells and escape from the salivary gland.
A sporozoite is a sporozoan
Sporozoites are elongate, club shaped, and contain two prominent refractile bodies.
Sporozoites are elongate, each with two refractile globules.
Sporozoites are formed in the sporocyst by cell division.
Sporozoites are infectious cells of organism and are able to penetrate host cells and tissues.
Sporozoites are small cells that lie within the thickwalled resistant spore.
Sporozoites are vermiform, lying parallel within the sporocyst.
Sporozoites develop in the sporocysts, their number depending on the species.
Sporozoites develop within the oocyst and migrate in haemolymph to invade the salivary glands.
Sporozoites enter host cells by constructing a unique vacuolar structure.
Sporozoites enter the blood during tick feeding.
Sporozoites excyst and invade intestinal cells, become tachyzoites and multiply.
Sporozoites excyst from I. felis oocysts in the small intestine.
Sporozoites excyst through breaks in the cyst wall and then are termed trophozoites.
Sporozoites go to the liver , where they make many more sporozoites .
Sporozoites go to the liver, where they make many more sporozoites.
Sporozoites infect liver cells and mature into schizonts , which rupture and release merozoites .
Sporozoites penetrate epithelial cells, especially along the ileum.
A sporran is a pouch
Sporrans are now on-line.
All sport balls are official size.
Sport bars are extremely rich in carbohydrates, proteins and fiber.
Sport bars feature clothe waitresses.
Sport bars feature waitresses.
Most sport bars feature clothe waitresses.
All sport bikes are welcome.
Sport camps can intimidate many children.
Sport car reports with fabulous pictures.
Sport cars carry passengers.
Most sport cars carry passengers.
Some sport cars experience lower air resistance.
Some sport cars experience lower resistance.
Sport climbers have more of a tendency to collapse into a ground state.
Sport climbers have permanent fixed protection that makes climbing safer.
Sport climbers say added safety has elevated climbing to a new, more advanced level.
Sport climbers take frequent and forceful falls.
Sport clubs are open to all students.
Sport clubs are open to the beginner as well as the advanced performer.
Sport clubs are strictly voluntary.
Sport clubs are student organizations focused on a specific sport or physical activity.
Sport clubs are student-oriented with an emphasis on student leadership.
Sport clubs continue to grow in popularity.
Sport clubs differ from the varsity sports in several ways.
Sport clubs offer a combination of competition, instruction, and recreation.
Sport clubs provide an opportunity to participate in a single sport on a continuing basis.
Sport clubs provide the university community with another recreational alternative.
Sport clubs range from crew to ultimate Frisbee.
Sport clubs take a step beyond intramural sports.
All sport clubs are student-run by an elected slate of officers.
Some sport clubs hire a coach or instructor.
A sport coat is a jacket
Sport coat is required for gentleman.
Sport coats get better treatment than sweat suits.
Many sport divers are surprised to find shipwrecks so well preserved.
Sport drinks are best as they provide the proper balance of salts lost through sweat.
Sport drinks are especially good.
Sport drinks are good as well, so long as the body's sugar levels are considered.
Sport drinks are good for longer periods of play, more than an hour.
Sport drinks are poor sources of potassium.
Sport drinks are useless sugars and salts.
Sport drinks can help to replenish minerals lost through sweating.
Sport drinks contain water.
Sport drinks loaded with the carbohydrates and sugars also have a positive impact on our bodies.
Sport drinks replace fluids and electrolytes lost through sweat and provide energy.
Sport events bring spectators.
Sport events take places.
Most sport events bring spectators.
Most sport events take places.
Some sport events involve fresh water.
Some sport events involve water.
Sport facilities are also available close to the campus.
Sport facilities are available.
Sport facilities guarantee hours of challenge, exhilaration, convenience and fun.
Sport facility is available to students.
All sport federations think so.
Sport fish are abundant.
Sport fishes are the species predominately cultivated.
Sport fishermen catch the red rock crab.
Sport fishermen demand fish, and thus hatcheries have been created.
Sport fishermen enjoy fishing for the tiger fish because it is a fierce fighter.
Sport fishermen gather at fishing tournaments held along the coast during the summer months.
Sport fishermen like to catch tuna using rods and hooks.
Sport fishermen return cards indicating how many fish they caught after the season is over.
Sport fishermen take much of the catch and that's a major source of the regional economy.
Sport fishermen throw away everything except the most perfect specimens.
Sport fishing are fishing.
Sport fishing are recreational activities.
Sport fishing are water sports.
Sport fishing can be competitive or noncompetitive.
Sport fishing is a great way to relax and interact with nature.
Sport fishing is also available.
Sport fishing is another exciting leisure activity.
Sport fishing is another frequent activity adjacent to the preserve.
Sport fishing is enjoyed by numerous visitors.
Sport fishing is especially popular off the Pacific coast and in the Gulf of California.
Sport fishing is extremely popular in Hawaii.
Sport fishing is permitted in a national park but is restricted to designated areas.
Sport fishing is permitted only with poles and lines or rods and reels.
Sport fishing is popular throughout the islands.
Sport fishing is popular, along with scuba diving and snorkeling.
Sport fishing is regulated by the State of Alaska.
Sport fishing is very popular here and catches include the goliath tigerfish and Nile perch.
Sport fishing is very popular here.
Sport fishing occurs year-round but at different levels of intensity.
Sport fishing plays a vital role in resource management.
Most sport fishing is for perch, whitefish, lake trout, chinook salmon and small mouth bass.
Sport horse gets a bit more because it is growing so rapidly and is so popular.
Sport hunting includes moose, bear, rabbit, grouse, ptarmigan and fur animals.
Sport hunting is permitted only in the preserve and in compliance with state regulations.
Sport hunting remains an effective tool for wildlife management professionals.
Sport hunting takes the place of natural predators.
Most sport injuries are the result of too much too soon.
Sport kits offer beginners a great way to get challenging equipment at a reasonable price.
A sport kite is a kite
Sport kites are available in all price ranges for the beginner or serious stunt flyer.
Sport kites are kites that are flown on multiple lines, usually two or four lines.
Sport kites are kites.
Sport kites can travel at extreme speeds and generate a rush of power.
Sport leagues cater to ever-expanding global markets.
Sport leagues create teams.
Most sport leagues create teams.
Sport management combines sport knowledge and skills with business knowledge and skills.
Sport management is a fast growing and popular enterprise.
Sport management is also a growing profession with a variety of career opportunities.
Sport medicine deals with care.
Sport nutrition leads to optimal performance.
Sport nutrition leads to performance.
Most sport nutrition leads to optimal performance.
Most sport nutrition leads to performance.
Some sport nutrition has goals.
Sport page contains news about soccer and some other commnon sports.
Sport pilots prefer to fly over open country, far away from major population centers.
Sport pilots value their combination of high performance and relatively low operating costs.
Sport psychologists come from varied backgrounds, and veterans in the field warn about charlatans.
Sport psychologists describe self-talk as thinking, or making internal or external statements.
Sport psychologists help athletes prevent problems and overcome difficulties when they occur.
Sport psychologists offer their views on the healthy kind of competition in today's society.
Most sport psychologists oppose using psychological tests for team selection.
Some sport psychologists collaborate with sport medicine physicians and rehabilitation specialists.
Sport psychology can unite the two in harmony.
Sport psychology helps players develop mental skills as they learn the mechanics of the game.
Sport psychology involves preparing the mind of an athlete, just as one prepares the body.
Sport psychology is a valid, scientific way for athletes to do just that.
Sport psychology is all about pursuing dreams.
Sport psychology is an emerging field in the worlds of psychology and athletics.
Sport psychology is the science of the mental game in athletics.
Sport scientists are notorious for showing slides of athletes unrelated to their talks.
Sport shoes are for mostly face climbing, limited crack climbing, and some climbing gym activity.
Sport shoes are highly recommended.
Sport shoes can contribute to injuries due to improper design or poor manufacturing techniques.
Sport teams are great too.
Sport teams lose weight.
Most sport teams lose weight.
Some sport teams have momentum.
Sport today is a sound investment.
A sport utility is a car
Sport utilities are a gas-guzzling insult to the environment.
Sport utilities are a good choice for active families.
Sport utilities are cars.
Sport utilities are killer cars.
Sport venues receive last-minute details as teams arrive for practice.
Sport wagons look good and drive great.
A sport is recreation
Sport aids the rehabilitation process.
Sport allows users to follow their favourite teams without ever leaving the site.
Sport are for entertainment and informational purposes only.
Sport attracts ever more commercial interest and investment.
Sport becomes daily.
Sport begins at grassroots level.
Sport belongs to all human beings.
Sport blends power, symbolism and emotion in a particular potent combination.
Sport brings it all out, fuels it, fans it.
Sport can be the key to a better life.
Sport captures the national imagination more than any other subject.
Sport click here to view sports within the gunners.
Sport climbing offers an easy transition into lead climbing.
Sport climbing on the other hand requires that there be hangers bolted into the rock.
Sport connects many people and is of major importance at our residences.
Sport contributes to society in many ways.
Sport cuts across all language and cultural barriers.
Sport design directional grooves for improved water drainage.
Sport develops character and teaches the rewards of discipline and perseverance.
Sport Discuss the hot topics in London football and other sport in the capital.
Sport drinks with electrolytes are also good to drink.
Sport emphasizes competitive instincts accompanied by occasional overtones of fair play.
Sport enhances community spirit, equality of oppiortunity and social inclusion.
Sport equals performance and that attracts youth.
Sport exists for the joy and benefits it brings to people here and now.
Sport feeds on youth.
Sport flying is permitted seven days a week except during special events and site improvement days.
Sport gives pride to national identity.
Sport gives the students confidence to tackle problems they face in life.
Sport here is a more profound matter, closer to art than business or entertainment.
Sport here is an old use of the verb, meaning that one was exhibiting or showing something.
Sport hunting along with nature views are popular tourist attractions and activities.
Sport hunting for moose and black bear is popular.
Sport hunting for tapir is illegal but does occur.
Sport including love, depends on the oncoming of artificial or imaginary resistances.
Sport is a business of passion.
Sport is a form of mentoring that works, they say.
Sport is a medicine available without prescription for physical and moral well-being.
Sport is about competition.
Sport is about much more than that.
Sport is about overcoming obstacles.
Sport is about passion, teamwork and achieving goals.
Sport is about physical exertion combined with mental strength and technical ability.
Sport is about strength and speed and the finest, purest achievement of human potential.
Sport is about the achievement of the human body.
Sport is about tradition as much as it is about competition.
Sport is about winners and losers.
Sport is all about pace and timing.
Sport is already on the internet.
Sport is also an arena where indigenous people have excelled.
Sport is also competitive and successful, with outstanding rowing and rugby.
Sport is also very much part of the economic life of our country.
Sport is as important for our daughters as it is for our sons.
Sport is available to everyone, young and old and from every walk of life.
Sport is big business and golf has increasingly become big business.
Sport is big in Cape Town.
Sport is by definition dishonest.
Sport is clearly an important element, both socially and culturally, in young people's lives.
Sport is compulsory at all year levels.
Sport is different.
Sport is entertainment.
Sport is fair, sport is foul.
Sport is for all, or so the saying goes, whether they are thin of fat, short or tall.
Sport is for athletes and anything else that is sport-related in any way.
Sport is for girls too.
Sport is for physical jerks.
Sport is for sportsmen a part of their emotional experience, as mountaineering is for mountaineers.
Sport is for the track, where it reduces roll and keeps the car settled.
Sport is good, rugby is the highest priority.
Sport is healthy fun.
Sport is here to stay.
Sport is movement.
Sport is never an equal opportunity employer.
Sport is normally all trends and imitation.
Sport is now, on all levels, indistinguishable from commercial entertainment.
Sport is one avenue of attaining the desired diversification.
Sport is one obvious substitute for battle.
Sport is one of many mediums that can assist the individual with achieving their potential.
Sport is one of the few arenas of American society in which the playing field is really level.
Sport is one of the strongest socializing factors in any society.
Sport is one way disabled children break down barriers.
Sport is one way in which social exclusion can be tackled.
Sport is only one form of movement studied by kinesiologists.
Sport is part of society.
Sport is pure drama, which draws forth emotion.
Sport is pure, and noble.
Sport is recreation and leisure in one.
Sport is serious stuff to a lot of folks who live and work here.
Sport is something that takes determination to be good.
Sport is sport in Germany, nothing more.
Sport is sport no matter who's taking part.
Sport is sport, no matter what.
Sport is sport.
Sport is taken very seriously in Australia, especially cricket and football.
Sport is the complete sports magazine for the professional and amateur sports fan.
Sport is thus an important element of the quality of life.
Sport is under a congressional microscope once again.
Sport is very important to the life of London.
Sport is very much an ecumenical activity.
Sport is very popular, especially water sports like swimming and boating.
Sport is, however, more than the cream at the top.
Sport isa diversion.
Sport isa recreation.
Sport kites can reach speeds of over one hundred miles per hour.
Sport kites come in a variety of sizes, shapes and styles for beginners and advanced flyers.
Sport kites, traditional chinese kits.
Sport languishes at ten per cent.
Sport likes to play football and plans to grow up to be an accountant.
Sport looks like entering the realm of science fiction in Sydney.
Sport loop a little boring but good warm-up.
Sport maintains below a bicycling shoes.
Sport make over none goose nor costing casino chips.
Sport make over none goose nor costing on line black jack.
Sport make over none goose nor costing pideo poker.
Sport make over none goose nor costing seven card stud.
Sport make over none goose nor costing virtual video poker.
Sport matters to people.
Sport mesh lining A stretchable mesh lining that excels at wicking moisture away from the body.
Sport needs to change attitudes.
Sport occupies a key position in the cultural profile of a nation.
Sport occupies a prominent role in our popular culture, both reflecting and influencing it.
Sport plays a central role in the life of the city.
Sport plays a decisive role for social learning.
Sport plays a major role in American society as it accounts for the most popular form of recreation.
Sport plays a major role in our activities.
Sport plays a prominent role in campus life.
Sport plays an important role in the school.
Sport promotes physical, mental, emotional and spiritual health and well-being.
Sport provides a way for all participants to test themselves and see how they do.
Sport provides an ideal model of difference in performance, and equality in opportunity.
Sport provides many great moments that parents and children can share and enjoy.
Sport provides numerous opportunities to teach moral principles.
Sport provides young participants with opportunities to dream.
Sport quickly becomes tragedy when the hunters become the hunted.
Sport regenerates itself as relentlessly as a big city.
Sport relieve below a cheap computer sale.
Sport routes on steep to overhanging limestone.
Sport runs through our language and our culture.
Sport seating with a sundeck is standard.
Sport takes big steps Some exciting advances are taking place for the fast-rising sport.
Sport teaches leadership, teamwork, discipline, and how to respect others.
Sport teaches the fundamental of teamwork, dedication, and responsibility.
Sport tends to produce results like that.
Sport too plays a big part in the lives of the people of the Pacific.
Sport turns the spotlight on golf and horse racing.
Sport unifiorms Some of the most popular clothing worn by boys are sports uniforms.
Sport updates news, scores, and standings as soon as an update is received from our news providers.
Sport wake off one vendor how forbid Boomerang.
Sport watches that do much more than tell time.
Sport wears an Indian headband.
Sport wins One area that has benefitted from the advent of democracy is sport.
Sport work only.
Sports abound in Southern California.
Sports also are more likely organized along national rather than international lines.
Sports also are sacred.
Sports also brings families closer together.
Sports also emphasize teamwork.
Sports also has a section that can only be seen online.
Sports also play an important role in Finnish society.
Sports also play an important role.
Sports also plays a positive role in addressing discrimination and gender inequality.
Sports are a big business.
Sports are a big part of that tradition.
Sports are a big part of the cultural life in Chicago .
Sports are a big part of the cultural life in Chicago.
Sports are a different matter.
Sports are a diversion.
Sports are a favorite activity of teens, both during school and the summer.
Sports are a favorite pastime in the United States.
Sports are a favorite pastime.
Sports are a focal point.
Sports are a forte.
Sports are a gem.
Sports are a general thing.
Sports are a good topic of conversation.
Sports are a good way to measure a culture.
Sports are a great alternative for kids nowadays.
Sports are a great builder of self-esteem and confidence, allowing girls to set and achieve goals.
Sports are a great part of the world.
Sports are a great way to bring that out.
Sports are a great way to do that.
Sports are a great way to have fun, stay in shape and let off a little steam.
Sports are a great way to learn about science, math, people, and their culture.
Sports are a great way to learn about science, math, people, and their cultures.
Sports are a huge part of the culture in Mississippi.
Sports are a huge platform in society as a whole.
Sports are a large part of our after-school program.
Sports are a legitimate part of collegiate education.
Sports are a main attraction in the Cincinnati area.
Sports are a major attraction here, and UK ex-pats pack around the TV for soccer matches.
Sports are a major social force that shape the quality and character of the American culture.
Sports are a much-required release for aggression.
Sports are a multi-billion dollar indusry in our country today.
Sports are a natural attraction in a town where everything's a subject for betting.
Sports are a natural for action photography.
Sports are a nice release.
Sports are a particularly good way to get through to boys, who are frequently reluctant students.
Sports are a perfect example.
Sports are a popular campus pastime for spectators and participants.
Sports are a popular pass time at private, and community recreation areas.
Sports are a popular way of life for millions of people all over the world.
Sports are a priority on the weekend, and morning sports are no exception.
Sports are a recreational activity that provide a good release from school work.
Sports are a reflection of our society.
Sports are a reflection of society with the same problems as the real world.
Sports are a reflection of society.
Sports are a rich field for abnormal notation.
Sports are a strong source of fraternity pride.
Sports are a tremendous contributor to society, representing hope to a lot of people.
Sports are a universal language spoken and understood by all people.
Sports are a universal language.
Sports are a way to prepare young girls to become tomorrow's leaders.
Sports are able to transcend language barriers by using the same rules throughout the world.
Sports are about love.
Sports are about play, fun, safety, community, friends and social networks.
Sports are about the consequences of actions.
Sports are about the pursuit of victory, rather than the guarantee of victory.
Sports are about winning.
Sports are accidental shoots on a plant that are different in some aspect from the original plants.
Sports are actually quite a hard field to be extremely successful in.
Sports are all about emotion and intensity.
Sports are all about money and marketing.
Sports are all about respect and protection.
Sports are almost always a favorite for brothers.
Sports are also a business now.
Sports are also a good way to exercise and stay healthy and fit.
Sports are also abundant in the area.
Sports are also an outlet for energy and stress and improve physical fitness levels.
Sports are also important in Peru's culture.
Sports are also of growing interest.
Sports are also part of the Pittsburgh entertainment scene.
Sports are also popular, from football and cross country to wrestling and water polo.
Sports are also very important on campus.
Sports are always on the TV, which is easier to see now that there's a new big-screen in the corner.
Sports are always popular.
Sports are an academic discipline.
Sports are an accepted part of the parental drill for parents all across the country.
Sports are an entertainment, a diversion.
Sports are an example of a healthy capacity for vigorous activity.
Sports are an ideal tool for membership recruitment and retention.
Sports are an important aspect of personal development.
Sports are an important part of life, almost as important as advertising.
Sports are an important part of our culture and often help young people become productive citizens.
Sports are an important part of our educational program.
Sports are an important part of the Pittsburgh entertainment scene.
Sports are an integral part of the history and flavor of our city.
Sports are an integral part of the total package of activities and services offered to students.
Sports are an integral part of the township's culture and community.
Sports are an obvious example.
Sports are as important to the university town as they are to the university.
Sports are athletes.
Sports are available at different times during the year.
Sports are available for both men and women.
Sports are big business in London.
Sports are big here, too, both for spectators and participants.
Sports are big in Australia - and many are very different.
Sports are big in Omaha.
Sports are big in Toronto.
Sports are boring.
Sports are buds which have mutated into an entirely new type of tree.
Sports are celebrations of sorts.
Sports are centre stage among the locals.
Sports are critical to a child's physical and mental development.
Sports are crucial to colleges.
Sports are diversion.
Sports are easy to understand.
Sports are elevated life.
Sports are Europe's leading winter sports, mountain and outdoor retailer.
Sports are everywhere.
Sports are exercises.
Sports are extracurricular activities, just like dancing and band.
Sports are far worse than drugs.
Sports are fine and can be fun to watch, but guys take it to an extreme.
Sports are fine.
Sports are first.
Sports are fluff.
Sports are for everyone.
Sports are for physical fitness.
Sports are for pure enjoyment.
Sports are for the enjoyment of people of all sorts of religions.
Sports are fun for all.
Sports are fun, exciting, sometimes thrilling, highly emotional.
Sports are fun.
Sports are fun.
Sports are games and are fun, but to the athlete they are much more.
Sports are games.
Sports are generally seasonal and non-competitive.
Sports are good in the sense that they provide entertainment and enjoyment.
Sports are good, too, as the subjects are busy and interesting.
Sports are great, all that some kids find as a source of some success.
Sports are here to stay, generation after generation of great entertainment.
Sports are high on the list of things to see and do in Tuscaloosa.
Sports are horse racing, wrestling, and archery.
Sports are Hot.
Sports are hugely controversial on the nation's campuses.
Sports are idolatrous.
Sports are important and a large percentage of students are involved.
Sports are important but curriculum, class size and teachers are more important in education.
Sports are important here.
Sports are important in building strong bodies.
Sports are important in the life of America.
Sports are important to schools.
Sports are important, reading's important.
Sports are in a continuous evolution.
Sports are interesting.
Sports are just a great thing in life.
Sports are just as important to Latin men as they are to American men.
Sports are just more fun to watch.
Sports are lame.
Sports are like additional advertising for the college.
Sports are like life to people over there.
Sports are located in fields.
Sports are located in parks.
Sports are located in sporting events.
Sports are many things.
Sports are moral, and the violence in sports is morally right.
Sports are more important than ever.
Sports are more significant than games and activities.
Sports are more than just fun and games.
Sports are much more than rules and tradition.
Sports are newspapers.
Sports are nice, too.
Sports are no longer strictly seasonal.
Sports are no problem.
Sports are now under way.
Sports are occupations.
Sports are often an interesting barometer of other elements in a society.
Sports are one of the playgrounds of life.
Sports are one way to build strong kids.
Sports are only one part, albeit a very important part, of the process.
Sports are only the beginning.
Sports are our chief civilizing agent.
Sports are our most universal art form.
Sports are past the mid-point of the season.
Sports are people.
Sports are perfect for a relativist to actually have a venue where they can say something is right.
Sports are perhaps the most thoroughly commercialized aspect of our culture.
Sports are physical activities.
Sports are physical events used for recreation or competition.
Sports are play, and playing too much and too long is one of our present cultural disorders.
Sports are play.
Sports are played all over the world, media everywhere cover sports and the Internet is universal.
Sports are plentiful and amateur softball and soccer games can be seen all summer.
Sports are plentiful.
Sports are pointless.
Sports are popular with both participanta and onlookers .
Sports are popular with both participanta and onlookers.
Sports are popular with both participants and onlookers .
Sports are popular with both participants and onlookers.
Sports are popular with the students and community.
Sports are popular.
Sports are possessive.
Sports are predictably unpredictable.
Sports are productive - to a certain extent.
Sports are quite popular.
Sports are real while entertainment, for the most part, is hype.
Sports are really big in our small town.
Sports are recreational activities.
Sports are seasonal events that only bring in money while the team is playing.
Sports are separate, although attending ball games together can be a multi-generational event.
Sports are so different today.
Sports are so pervasive in American culture.
Sports are Sparling's other enduring interest.
Sports are strong but usually done with other colleges.
Sports are such a contributing factor in building ones confidence and inner appearance.
Sports are such an emotional venue that gets people fired up one way or another.
Sports are the greatest drama in the world because because no one knows what's going to happen.
Sports are the healthiest way to have fun.
Sports are the ideal.
Sports are the most frequent cause of injury for both male and female adolescents.
Sports are the number one cause of eye injuries in school-age children.
Sports are the only rival for money as the American god.
Sports are the shame of the civilized world.
Sports are the ultimate educational experience.
Sports are their biggest entertainment.
Sports are to have fun.
Sports are too commercial.
Sports are uncompromisingly merit-intensive.
Sports are used for playing.
Sports are used for watching.
Sports are usually smaller on the head, legs and tail than on the body.
Sports are vacationers.
Sports are values-neutral, in and of themselves.
Sports are very big here and the teachers are very understanding about that.
Sports are very big here too.
Sports are very big in Seattle.
Sports are very challenging.
Sports are very helpful for other reasons, too.
Sports are very important for television and it's Canadian content.
Sports are very popular in Ecuador, especially soccer, basketball, and volleyball.
Sports are volleyball, flickerball, soccer, and basketball.
Sports are worldly and it is a sin.
Sports background a plus.
Sports Be on the ball with the latest news and scores in sports.
Sports becomes a big thing.
Sports Becoming an orthodontist can wait for at least another year.
Sports betting at it's best.
Sports betting in Pakistan is like exceeding the speed limit in Europe.
Sports betting lines include football, baseball, basketball, hockey and soccer lines.
Sports betting on the Internet is a bit more intimate, but the processes are similar.
Sports betting on the Internet is illegal.
Sports betting on the other hand requires a great deal of mixed with a little luck.
Sports betting spreads the entertainment dollar out over a few hours.
Sports Betting Unified Gaming casinos seem just as serious about their sports book as their casino.
Sports betting's premier site gets a much needed facelift.
Sports boating, too, is great here with the many available waterway options.
Sports born in America now claim a worldwide following, thanks to media coverage.
Sports breeds aggressiveness.
Sports bring out emotion in people.
Sports brings all sorts of folks together.
Sports broadcasting jobs Finding work in sportscasting is difficult.
Sports build character.
Sports builds character, and in life that's the winning edge.
Sports builds character.
Sports burn energy, and are impossible without bodily tissue.
Sports can add a great deal to the college environment.
Sports can also be an effective vehicle for promoting awareness of the dangers of drugs and alcohol.
Sports can also be dangerous.
Sports can also be stressful, humiliating, and physically damaging.
Sports can also keep people in good shape.
Sports can also level the playing field. . . .
Sports can also provide young people with positive life values both on and off the court.
Sports can also teach girls how to work with others and set goals.
Sports can always use fewer jerks, especially when they're still in high school.
Sports can be a good learning tool if used in the proper way.
Sports can be a good thing if they are kept in proportion.
Sports can be a great way to learn Christian values, like honesty and humility.
Sports can be a powerful diversion, it is true.
Sports can be a vehicle for our faith.
Sports can be a vehicle to health and fitness, or they can destroy a person utterly.
Sports can be a very positive part of being a kid.
Sports can be and has been a wonderful tool to help young people build character.
Sports can be such a positive factor in the lives of women.
Sports can be tough.
Sports can be violent.
Sports can bring back memories of our past and bring families and friends closer together.
Sports can build character, increase strength, and improve self-confidence.
Sports can build our character or tear it down.
Sports can build up or take away.
Sports can capture the mind's imagination and body's possibilities.
Sports can cause many disagreements.
Sports can cause wear on joints, leading to possible muscle, cartilage or ligament injury.
Sports can do so much.
Sports can even provide the illusion of community with other fans.
Sports can have a mixed effect on body image as well.
Sports can help.
Sports can increase a child s physical coordination, fitness, and self-esteem.
Sports can lay the foundation of a drive for excellence that can extend throughout an entire life.
Sports can lead to injuries, and injuries can sometimes lead to surgery.
Sports can oblige.
Sports can promote a lifetime of teamwork, skill, and enjoyment for everyone.
Sports can provide moments of truth.
Sports can provide positive outlets for students.
Sports can simply be recreation or an occupation.
Sports can teach healthy competitive and cooperative attitudes.
Sports can work to increase self-esteem for a person by association and affiliation .
Sports care for golf, tennis, motocross, skiing.
Sports catches up with snowboarders to talk about their sport and learn the lingo.
Sports cause injuries.
Sports centres Anyone can have affordable access to a healthier lifestyle.
Sports certainly are a business.
Sports certainly involve combat.
Sports chat and meet like minded sport lovers.
Sports chat from the world's leader in sports.
Sports Check out live sporting events, stadium cams and other sports-related sites.
Sports Check out the home team.
Sports Check out the new developments in Philippine sports.
Sports Check out the top events going on around Britain.
Sports climbing on the valley crags is the best way to get started.
Sports coaching qualifications or active involvement in a sport are also useful.
Sports collectibles to diamond rings.
Sports Come join in all the fun of learning to play the basics of sand volleyball.
Sports Come play air hockey, baseball, bowling, ping pong, or catch.
Sports compliment our revitalization.
Sports consist of a social world of meaningful symbols and signs.
Sports contain the potential to change society's thinking about what the norms are.
Sports contains copyrighted material.
Sports continue as separate units.
Sports contribute to an adolescent's self-esteem.
Sports controls many lives.
Sports cover features top headline with game coverage below.
Sports covered include football, baseball, basketball, hockey, car racing, and golf.
Sports covered include golf, archery, bowling.
Sports covered include soccer, team handball or pickleball, and fitness.
Sports Covers all sorts of sports with news, articles and scores.
Sports covers sports.
Sports create opportunities for achievement, and healthy competition.
Sports cross many barriers such as race, culture, and economics.
Sports define relationships in terms of statuses and roles and subsequent role performance.
Sports deserve a place in our society.
Sports develop coordination of mind and body and teach fair play and sportsmanship.
Sports discriminate against women and minorities.
Sports do it.
Sports dominate the thoughts of Southern males.
Sports dominates the social scene of many schools.
Sports draw different people for different reasons.
Sports drink with lots of calories and electrolytes designed to replenish fatigued muscles.
Sports educate the whole student.
Sports encourage people to get out and experience something new and exciting.
Sports encourages everyday people to feel the passion and triumph of the sporting life.
Sports endorse the change.
Sports enhance one's quality of life.
Sports enter electronic age of TV, radio.
Sports Enter one or more words to search for.
Sports Enter the sports department .
Sports eyewear in scaled-down adult versions.
Sports First Enter each week to win a T-shirt.
Sports Follow the gymnasts along the Olympic journey to Sydney.
Sports franchises Economic aspects United States.
Sports gambling in the United States is legal only in Nevada.
Sports generally varies from season to season.
Sports generate a lot of emotions, both good and bad.
Sports get in the way of higher education.
Sports Get several sports topics and a great search engine here.
Sports get spectators.
Sports Get the latest news and scores plus participate in fantasy leagues.
Sports get the latest scores.
Sports Get the latest sports headlines.
Sports Getting the team to a game is only half the battle.
Sports give girls an educational boost too.
Sports give girls and women the power and confidence to compete throughout life.
Sports Give it up.
Sports give people a way to connect to each other.
Sports give people the feeling that all is right with the world . . .
Sports gives fans access to everything the sports world has to offer.
Sports giving comes in all kinds of packages.
Sports giving is transmittable.
Sports giving occurs every day with coaches.
Sports go over well - both playing and attending.
Sports happens in the public arena.
Sports Has a good list of small, medium and larger companies which supply sports photographs.
Sports has a long tradition with many representative honours gained in football, judo, hockey.
Sports has a slight advantage.
Sports has a way of bringing people together.
Sports has dozens of great links.
Sports has fans of all ages.
Sports has it's own registration system.
Sports has lots of rules.
Sports has no barriers.
Sports has no religion or barrier.
Sports has nothing like that.
Sports has nothing to do with the national heath and fame.
Sports has to be strong, to put events into a national perspective.
Sports has way too many wife-beaters and cokeheads and even murderers.
Sports Have a look at latest football results .
Sports have a minimal impact at best.
Sports have a unique role to play in our young people's lives.
Sports have absolutely nothing to do with life.
Sports Have fun developing basketball skills while scrimmaging.
Sports have losers.
Sports have many benefits.
Sports have many ugly aspects.
Sports have no place in our schools.
Sports have participants.
Sports have rules.
Sports have satisfyingly real outcomes, they have winners and losers.
Sports have some attractive power.
Sports have their share as well.
Sports have to be practiced just as the piano has to be practiced.
Sports have winners.
Sports held at the facility include baseball, softball, soccer, and flag football.
Sports help build physical skills, emotional well-being, and provide simple, timeless fun.
Sports Help build the largest human- edited directory on the web.
Sports Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Sports help children learn and prepare for events later in life.
Sports help girls develop leadership skills.
Sports Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Sports helps girls get used to and appreciate the body shape they've inherited.
Sports helps re-build broken lives, augmenting the healing process.
Sports here is a category in itself.
Sports impact our fashion with baseball hats, basketball shoes, and uniform jerseys.
Sports include surf.
Sports includes men's and women's basketball, softball, baseball and rodeo.
Sports increase school spirit, even class attendance, for non-participants.
Sports involve contact.
Sports involve movement, physical skills.
Sports is a better lobby than music, apparently.
Sports is a big part of the internet.
Sports is a big selling point for the community.
Sports is a business ruled by dollars and cents.
Sports is a collection of E-mail publications and supporting websites.
Sports is a comic ballet about the fun of athletics.
Sports is a fair answer.
Sports is a family owned and operated business located in Southwest Virginia.
Sports is a forum for discussing all facets of sports and sporting games.
Sports is a good form of exercise.
Sports is a good topic to discuss when unsure of what to say.
Sports is a great distraction, a way to release energy and have fun.
Sports is a hot commodity here.
Sports is a killer tool for pushing a political agenda.
Sports is a love that's on the same wavelength as teaching.
Sports is a marvelous way to enhance self-esteem, leadership abilities and teamwork.
Sports is a microcosm of society.
Sports is a mix of entertainment and news, but if the news isn t unencumbered, the sport isn t real.
Sports is a national pastime, both in winter and summer.
Sports is a passionate interest for many of our users.
Sports is a place to start.
Sports is a place where physiological advantages give men power, and they're afraid of losing it.
Sports is a powerful antidote to boredom.
Sports is a star-driven industry.
Sports is a substitute for hunting.
Sports is a testing ground for many traits that go into being a good person.
Sports is a vehicle that can be used to impact people's lives.
Sports is a very approachable product.
Sports is a very important role in the development of our youth's standards and education.
Sports is a wonderful discipline to teach.
Sports is a working business.
Sports is about a whole lot more than winning and money and popularity.
Sports is about escape.
Sports is about hope.
Sports is about learning to deal with challenges and obstacles.
Sports is about making the clutch play.
Sports is about moments and memories.
Sports is about people.
Sports is about racing, but also about race relations.
Sports is about stats and sex, lobs and love, hoops and hate.
Sports is about teamwork, and being one of the guys.
Sports is about the fun of the game, it's the integrity of the game.
Sports is about winning, entertaining, and making money.
Sports is about winning.
Sports is abundant from the ponies to the pigskin.
Sports is actually quite a hard field to be extremely successful in.
Sports is all about the underdogs beating the mighty.
Sports is already subjective and it is much more popular than cold news stories.
Sports is also the way to reach the hearts of the people.
Sports is always a wedge in changing the ways people think.
Sports is always big with cable.
Sports is always present.
Sports is an amalgam of news, features and opinions.
Sports is an integral part of our programming mix.
Sports is another problem.
Sports is another topic shown on the stamps of all countries.
Sports is available online.
Sports is BIG and requires a BIG site.
Sports is big business.
Sports is BIG business.
Sports is big.
Sports is built on the ideal that a team becomes the best by playing against the best.
Sports is clearly the leader among sports channels and it is at the top of the cable ratings.
Sports is committed to giving it gold-medal coverage.
Sports is driven by the media, and the media paints the impression they want.
Sports is entertainment, and entertainment is driven by celebrities.
Sports is entertainment.
Sports is full of rules.
Sports is great, but it only reaches a certain percentage of students.
Sports is hard a thing to move to the computer platform.
Sports is insignificant unless philosophical gains are made.
Sports is just a backdrop, it's a stage.
Sports is just a single chapter in the women's history book, but it is an important one.
Sports is just sports.
Sports is just the neighborhood.
Sports is just the opposite.
Sports is large.
Sports is largely responsible for any school's reputation.
Sports is life with the volume turned up.
Sports is life.
Sports is like a building that requires planning and follow-up.
Sports is like a tradition in our family.
Sports is like the New York City subway.
Sports is like theatre.
Sports is made up of inches, seconds, stats and instants, which is what makes it so hard to define.
Sports is more than demanding physical activity out of players on a team.
Sports is more than physical education.
Sports is multicultural.
Sports is neither the rule nor the exception.
Sports is next.
Sports is nothing but an opinion.
Sports is obviously entertainment.
Sports is on on the TV above the bar.
Sports is one of the biggest, most profitable industries in the world.
Sports is one of the most effective ways to motivate Native youth to stay in school.
Sports is one part of our life.
Sports is only the beginning.
Sports is our main page of news and features from the daily sports section.
Sports is part of it.
Sports is part of our literary daily bread, both symbolically and metaphorically.
Sports is probably the slowest attraction during spring break for the city of Austin.
Sports is related to every element of life.
Sports is safe.
Sports is secondary.
Sports is serious business in the nations capital.
Sports is serious business.
Sports is so much more than athletics - it teaches life skills.
Sports is something which is moving at a very fast pace it s changing every day.
Sports is sports.
Sports is television's original reality programming.
Sports is the attraction.
Sports is the common denominator for the big brother and little brother.
Sports is the coolest thing in the world.
Sports is the experience of challenge in a uniquely controlled environment.
Sports is the most comprehensive high school sports program in New England.
Sports is the most comprehensive, online sports news and information service in Canada.
Sports is the most popular target of sponsorship.
Sports is the opium of the masses.
Sports is the ultimate site for comprehensive sports coverage.
Sports is the vehicle.
Sports is too expensive today, and people can t afford to bring their families to the games.
Sports is very bad.
Sports is very big here and much the talk at every shop.
Sports is very black and white.
Sports is very important in a very different way.
Sports is wholly separate.
Sports just happens to be the environment.
Sports Keep up with breaking sports news, team scores and current stats.
Sports Keep up with the latest in sports and fitness.
Sports kitschbitch the kitschiest bitchiest blog around.
Sports Know it all.
Sports knows no social boundaries.
Sports Learn about careers in sports, hospitality services, and more.
Sports Learn basic techniques and fundamentals of diving.
Sports Learn to play tennis in a fun and encouraging atmosphere.
Sports Learn what's the score, even up to the minute game happenings.
Sports legends launch ecommerce site.
Sports Let s face it.
Sports lists production information, release dates, and more.
Sports live to flower festivals, find out what is happening now.
Sports Look at the sports they play in Ireland.
Sports Look for more sports news sources at the bottom of the vertical menu.
Sports Look here for all kinds of sports news.
Sports Look up sports score and news.
Sports make a great contribution to the economy and the quality of life in Greater Kansas City.
Sports make the living.
Sports makes use of the body as does working out.
Sports meets popular culture.
Sports moves analysis and functional conditioning.
Sports naturally involve movement and action.
Sports needs to be secondary to academics.
Sports normally begin one to two weeks after the entry deadlines.
Sports normally begin one week to two weeks after an entry deadline.
Sports offer a chance to teach, to re-shape and to renew.
Sports offer another instance of cross-cultural influence.
Sports offers a number of products, both tangible and intangible.
Sports offers good briefs section to get in all the results of the various sports.
Sports offers stories and scores from the UK and the world.
Sports Offers the latest scores, news, standings, stats, and schedules.
Sports officiating offers a fun, social environment and a flexible, on-campus work schedule.
Sports only get better with practice.
Sports Pick a sport, any sport, to see a list of web resources in that area.
Sports play a healthy role in the city as well.
Sports play a major role in many aspects of most cultures.
Sports play an important role in helping students to remain healthy.
Sports play an important role in our lifestyle.
Sports play an important role in the well-being of young and old alike.
Sports plays a large role in The Municipality of Port Hope.
Sports plays a strong role at other rural schools, too.
Sports plays with players.
Sports produce a special set of risk statistics.
Sports promote campus spirit and build pride and enthusiasm in a college.
Sports promote good health and well being.
Sports promote solidarity, binding communities and nations together.
Sports provide a massive outlet for all types of excess energy.
Sports provide a natural environment in which to learn about leadership.
Sports provide a vital, exciting alternative in entertainment.
Sports provide a way for parents and their kids to communicate.
Sports provide a way to share an activity with family and friends.
Sports provide an outlet for youthful energies.
Sports provide an outlet from such a frustration.
Sports provide entertainment and relaxation to millions.
Sports provide entertainment.
Sports provide limitless possibilities to practice wilderness medicine.
Sports provide the opportunity for races to come together as one.
Sports provide women a fair share of scholarship money and access to career opportunities.
Sports provides a receptive setting for teaching and learning.
Sports provides an extraordinary setting for learning.
Sports provides comprehensive sports news and scores, with an emphasis on Canada.
Sports provides discipline.
Sports provides the latest sports scores and headlines.
Sports pull at the spirit of men and women to compete and succeed.
Sports quizzes relating to science.
Sports range from flag football and basketball to bowling, ping pong and water polo.
Sports Read about traditional sports, some of which are gaining popularity today.
Sports Read what the local beat reporters have to say about the Wolverines.
Sports reflect the positive and healthy entertainment activity of the youth.
Sports reflects what is going on in the society generally.
Sports relieves the weight of life.
Sports rely on metabolism to keep the body moving.
Sports remain very structured, very liturgical, very legitimate.
Sports remains a large portion of a zealous, true-blue sports fan base.
Sports reporting in the national media of most nations is by necessity an elitist business.
Sports represent many of the positive values that have driven our success as a company.
Sports require a lot of patience.
Sports require activities.
Sports require athletes.
Sports require both a strong body and mind.
Sports require breathing.
Sports require exertion.
Sports require knowledge.
Sports require little exertion.
Sports require little physical exertion.
Sports require officials.
Sports require output.
Sports require physical activities.
Sports require physical exertion.
Sports require strength.
Sports requiring tickets are football, basketball, hockey, wrestling, swimming and volleyball.
Sports Review the season of sports schedules for the schools of our Parishes.
Sports See also useful subheadings, e.g., Psychological aspects.
Sports See and hear our past video and audio reports.
Sports seeks national director.
Sports seem designed for chiropractic care.
Sports seem to course through the veins of all three Milburn sisters.
Sports Send a press release to the sports editor or call and ask for the sports desk.
Sports serves as a historical guide of American athletics and runs the gamut of topics.
Sports sets the background for stories of losing, winning, and growing up.
Sports show many good examples of the relationship between matter and energy.
Sports skins and a solid decoding engine.
Sports speak to the human element of history.
Sports specializes in hard to find insert cards.
Sports stand to gain from women developing their games differently than men.
Sports stands apart as a very clear and distinct category of coverage.
Sports Starting times are subject to change.
Sports sway the focus from people s disabilities and place attention on their abilities.
Sports take a backseat to the student's primary focus of earning their degree.
Sports Take a look at the world through a sampling of cameras on the internet.
Sports take place at a local club just five minutes walk from the school.
Sports take up a lot of time for practice, travel, and other preparations.
Sports takes a look at how their journeys have come full circle.
Sports takes up a lot of time.
Sports talk, all the time.
Sports teach acceptance.
Sports teach children about the importance of teamwork, commitment, and sportsmanship.
Sports teach discipline and time management skills.
Sports teach lessons that last a lifetime Summer vacation is almost here.
Sports teach people how to compete on and off the playing field.
Sports teach people how to work together as a team.
Sports teach people to give and take.
Sports teach quick thinking, instant response, and the value of teamwork.
Sports teach respect for one's competitors.
Sports teach teamwork and togetherness.
Sports teach the art of competition.
Sports teach valuable skills including teamwork meeting goals, sportsmanship.
Sports teaches people how to meet challenges in the future.
Sports teaches the trials and tribulations of winning and losing.
Sports tend to be like that.
Sports tend to focus on bright colors.
Sports tend to prosper when they have a dominant team that everyone is shooting for.
Sports there are awesome.
Sports thrive on popularity and continued interest and participation.
Sports too has their share, including hunting galore.
Sports track fast.
Sports training Different sports require different types of training.
Sports transcends all boundaries.
Sports truly are an important part of so many of our lives.
Sports unite our country.
Sports unite people like nothing else.
Sports using outdoor sites are weather dependent.
Sports vary by quarter.
Sports vary from archery to yachting.
Sports View our sports accomplishments on our sports page.
Sports Visit our Sports section for complete coverage.
Sports watch with timer.
Sports WDFN- a part of the Detroit sport fan existence.
Sports wear and beach attire are quite adequate.
Sports wear and branded leisure wear online shop.
Sports wear, t-shirts, shorts, hats, belts, suspenders, pants, shirts and jackets.
Sports writing often is the liveliest prose in the newspaper.
Sports always have a professional level even when the participants are called amateurs.
Sports always signify positive energy.
Sport frequently means savings in medical services.
Sports sometimes come into the scene in cycles or fads.
Sports sometimes seems to be the tail that wags the dog on college campuses.
Sports usually draw the participant s attention away from the body and outward to the game.
Sports usually wins out over going to church.
All sport is a process of educational experience.
All sport is a stress, and usually lengthens it.
All sport is contrivance, but the triathlon seems more contrived than most.
All sports are available for free and enjoyed by many students.
All sports are available on the freshmen, junior varsity, and varsity levels.
All sports are available.
All sports are co-ed and the main focus is on fun.
All sports are coed unless otherwise noted.
All sports are co-ed.
All sports are cool.
All sports are co-rec.
All sports are equal, all sports men and women are equal.
All sports are for women.
All sports are good for the young, but supervision is the key.
All sports are great forms of exercise.
All sports are great teachers of lessons of life, lessons absent in the classroom.
All sports are open to anyone able to participate.
All sports are open to both boys and girls.
All sports are player's games.
All sports are sex, every single one.
All sports are subject to verification with the various governing bodies.
All sports are suitable for beginners in good physical shape.
All sports are team based and most are mixed.
All sports are welcome to participate in a nine week strength and acceleration program.
All sports are well represented here.
All sports constantly develop into certain directions.
All sports currently have junior varsity teams.
All sports have a certain amount of risk.
All sports have a limited team entry and teams are entered on a first come basis.
All sports have risks.
All sports have rules, but baseball has the most.
All sports have rules.
All sports have the capability of transcending the boundaries of their field dimensions.
All sports have their film representations.
All sports have their own points of uniqueness.
All sports have their own requirement for strength, explosiveness, stamina, flexibility.
All sports have time limits.
All sports is local.
All sports lake with great frontage and visws.
All sports offer multiple playing levels to ensure participants a variety of competition.
All sports offer varsity competition.
All sports require an intensity of attention level that is best for that set of skills.
All sports require good flexibility to play.
All sports require physical effort translating into work.
All sports seem to under-punish athletes who are violating their substance abuse policies.
All sports typically offer a men's, women's, and co-rec division.
All sports welcome.
Any sport carries with it a unique set of challenges in the area of risk management.
Any sport involving physical contact has inherent dangers.
Any sport is a good sport.
Any sport is dangerous, but education takes the danger out of it and makes it fun.
Any sport is eligible including able and disabled athletes alike.
Any sport is fair game.
Any sport is free game.
Every sport can name one team that epitomizes the glory of the game.
Every sport carries with it many old rivalries that provide from intense competition.
Every sport comes with various equipment and accessories.
Every sport frowns on guys getting out of line with the official.
Every sport goes through a process of growth and evolution.
Every sport has a certain association of risk that goes along with it.
Every sport has a hall of fame that includes players that have helped define their sport.
Every sport has a retirement fund but boxing.
Every sport has a special feel, and when fans miss it, they miss everything.
Every sport has a walk-on story, but track is different.
Every sport has an agency to develop and refine standards.
Every sport has athletes who have overcome great odds to succeed.
Every sport has certain characteristic physical demands.
Every sport has certain fundamental skills that athletes practice on all the time.
Every sport has different levels of competition.
Every sport has it's own language an terms.
Every sport has it's patriarchs.
Every sport has one.
Every sport has rules and regulations, as well as a governing body, and cycling is no exception.
Every sport has rules to control the game.
Every sport has some stereotypes about players and fans.
Every sport has superstars and rodeo is no exception.
Every sport has to have their superstars.
Every sport involves a certain type of risk.
Every sport is completely different.
Every sport is different in the amount of players on the field at one time.
Every sport is different.
Every sport is down, and prime-time viewing is down.
Every sport is mentioned and recognized.
Every sport is played on dirt.
Every sport is proven to have some advantage on the home court.
Every sport is very different.
Every sport is.
Every sport needs a dominant player.
Every sport needs a lot of impartial referees and umpires.
Every sport needs an icon.
Every sport places a different type of stress on the foot and leg.
Every sport requires a different kind of training.
Every sport requires certain skills.
Every sport there is.
Every sport thrives on the challenges presented by seemingly unattainable thresholds of performance.
Every sport uses numbers.
Every sport uses one.
Every sport works muscles differently.
Many sports are available e to play each day.
Many sports are available such as cycling, tennis and golf.
Many sports are available.
Many sports are solely competition sports.
Many sports are.
Many sports have a ton of it.
Many sports have limited regional or national popularity.
Many sports have special equipment that is designed to keep people from being hurt.
Many sports have their own parent clubs with multiple smaller clubs all over the country.
Many sports have their own web pages.
Many sports involve the use of projectiles, vehicles, and boats.
Many sports offer a variety of ways to compete.
Many sports offer the opportunity to participate on the varsity level.
Many sports participate in fund-raisers throughout the season in order to keep their costs down.
Many sports require a low, aggressive stance.
Many sports require similar abilities.
Many sports seem primal when compared with golf.
Many sports still use leather equipment.
Many sports use a ball in some way or another.
Many sports utilize it, including the Olympics.
Most sport antennae as long, or longer, than their bodies.
Most sport governing bodies can provide recommendations as to the most appropriate eye care.
Most sport smiles as they pile in the vehicles and take off without so much as a glance back.
Most sports also have clinic situations and possibly a written test.
Most sports are available.
Most sports are competitive.
Most sports are for people of all ages.
Most sports are played with round spheres, Better sports players teach their peers.
Most sports are weather dependent.
Most sports begin one to two weeks after the entry deadlines.
Most sports build muscular strength and stamina, often in specific areas of the body.
Most sports build their calendars around the Olympics.
Most sports carry some risk of harm because they require physical exertion.
Most sports coaching students get practical experience in coaching, many through internships.
Most sports get spectators.
Most sports have age-group divisions.
Most sports have agents who play an important part in the athlete getting paid.
Most sports have intramural activities.
Most sports have participants.
Most sports have similar arrangements.
Most sports have some team effort involved.
Most sports involve a combination of both.
Most sports involve a massive amount of lateral movement.
Most sports involve contact.
Most sports necessitate a range of levels.
Most sports offer at least two and often three levels of competition.
Most sports provide built-in mats in the form of athletic shoes.
Most sports provide entertainment.
Most sports provide the world champions with the opportunity to defend their world titles.
Most sports related eye injuries are due to blunt trauma, frequently a finger poke.
Most sports require a significant amount of training to cultivate skill.
Most sports require exertion.
Most sports require knowledge.
Most sports require little exertion.
Most sports require little physical exertion.
Most sports require physical activities.
Most sports require physical exertion.
Most sports require specific movements, e.g. racquet sports, football, martial arts.
Most sports require strength in the forearm, wrist and hand.
Most sports require strength.
Most sports take place on west coast.
Some sport jackets with a standing collar and front buttons.
Some sports allow officiating calls to be overturned after the review of a play.
Some sports also allow registration the day of competition.
Some sports are also available in daily format.
Some sports are basketball, flag football, soccer, softball, tennis and volleyball.
Some sports are especially likely to cause asthma attacks.
Some sports are group specific like terrier trials while others are open to any dog.
Some sports are less expensive than others but none are totally free.
Some sports are limited and fill up very fast.
Some sports are more likely to cause back pain, such as golf, volleyball and gymnastics.
Some sports are more likely to result in concussion or more serious brain injury.
Some sports are more open to beginner athletes than others.
Some sports are naturally of Olympic caliber.
Some sports are rote.
Some sports are soccer, football, frisbee, down hill skiing, and baseball.
Some sports are solitary.
Some sports attract dedicated spectators.
Some sports become risky for bones that break more easily and heal more slowly.
Some sports can get pretty rough, and it's all part of the game.
Some sports contribute more to the rising tide of injuries than others.
Some sports demand more than sweat.
Some sports depend on animals more than on people.
Some sports draw upon a much larger pool of athletes than others.
Some sports have a double unit.
Some sports have a higher injury rate than others.
Some sports have an individual brochure.
Some sports have deadlines or entry limits.
Some sports have early and late deadlines.
Some sports have highly elaborate and complex rules which govern every aspect of the process.
Some sports have league competition.
Some sports have origins.
Some sports have schools.
Some sports have their own page which is written by the coach or assistant.
Some sports help farmers.
Some sports impose rules to prevent athletes drinking during a play period.
Some sports inline skating provide stolen yet former, meanwhile husband rises it.
Some sports involve animals.
Some sports involve balls.
Some sports involve fresh water.
Some sports involve science.
Some sports involve types.
Some sports involve water.
Some sports involve wheelchairs.
Some sports participate in rosters incorporating non-school based clubs.
Some sports rely on science.
Some sports require a high degree of independent decision making and complex problem solving skills.
Some sports require officials to run, sprint, or jog for an extended period of time.
Some sports seem tailor-made to set off asthma attacks.
Sportfishing boats are available for rent on a day or half day basis.
Sportfishing boats come to the bank in search of lingcod and king salmon.
Sportfishing licenses are available at sporting goods stores or by mail.
Sportfishing packages are available.
Sportico clients have huge appetites for complete sets of vintage sportscards, in all grades.
Sporting clays are an excellent way to practice for the upcoming hunting season.
Sporting clays are one of the nation's fastest growing sports.
Sporting clays combines the thrill of hunting with skeet and trap shooting.
Sporting clays is a different story.
Sporting clays is like golf with a gun and earplugs.
Sporting clays simulate real-life hunting by throwing targets in the woods.
A sporting dog is a dog
Most Sporting dogs tend to be trainable, gentle, and quiet dogs.
Sporting events are located in television.
Sporting events have several fans.
Most sporting events are team events.
Most sporting events do require waivers.
Most sporting events involve the wearing of footwear.
Most sporting stores carry very few pieces of women's equipment.
Sportive lemurs are nocturnal and move mainly by jumps.
Sportive lemurs feed mostly on leaves, also including some flowers, fruit, and bark in their diets.
Some sportive lemurs have individuals.
Sportive waves bear it up And send it surging high.
Sports academies feature a wide range of activities in athletics, creative and performing arts.
Sports agents receive a percentage of their clients' salary.
A sports arena is a house
Sports arenas abound.
Sports arenas can accommodate shows of significant size.
Some sports associations have membership fees, which include insurance.
Sports authorities are clearly serious about stamping out drugs.
Sports bars are also popular nightspots - especially when a major event is televised.
Sports bars are better than fast food and even faster.
Sports bars are the next best thing for fans who couldn t get access to or afford a ticket.
Sports bars attract crowds interested in watching sports events.
Sports bars Find a local hangout that caters to playful patrons.
Sports bars pepper the city and attract all ages, especially during play-offs and championships.
Sports bars vary from just over an ounce to nearly four ounces.
Some sports bars are more appropriate for certain individuals.
Sports bettors are quite diverse in their needs.
Sports bettors share the same needs.
Most sports bettors lose for a host of reasons, the least of which is poor handicapping.
Sports bikes are strange animals.
Sports book offers wagering on professional and college sports.
Sports books are a different matter.
Sports books can set any type of parameters they wish including the type of juice.
Sports books expect the wagering to grow as fan interest increases.
Sports books offer a number of different cards, each one having different rules.
Sports books review.
Sports bras are the company's most rigorously tested items.
Sports bras are tops.
Sports bras are well suited.
Sports bras come in two basic styles.
Many sports bras pull on, with no closures at all.
Most sports bras come in a variety of colors and patterns.
Some sports bras offer a two-hook back for an adjustable fit.
Sports broadcasting is an exercise in balance.
Sports business is a cultural and economic driver.
Sports business is wide open for entrepreneurs.
Sports businesses are common and successful in America as well as in other countries.
Sports camp includes various age-appropriate activities.
Sports camp offers five days of sports.
Sports camps attract thousands of youngsters each summer.
Sports camps offer intensive weekly skill building tips.
Sports camps teach basketball, soccer, gymnastics, volleyball, golf, tennis and cheerleading.
Most sports camps are available from baseball to volleyball.
Some sports camps offer instruction from professional athletes.
Sports caps have a safety seal around the base of the cap and the base of the spout.
A sports car is a car
Sports cars appear to be items that sell themselves.
Sports cars are about top down motoring in the twisties.
Sports cars are an exception.
Sports cars are cars.
Sports cars are cool and fun to drive, though impractical for daily transportation.
Sports cars are fun to drive because they pick up such great speed in a small amount of time.
Sports cars are fun.
Sports cars are just for show-offs DEEP joy.
Sports cars are located in race tracks.
Sports cars are strange things.
Sports cars are very dangerous, however.
Sports cars capture our hearts.
Sports cars correlate with the least amount of seat belt use.
Sports Cars examines the love affair between drivers and their sleek machines.
Sports cars have the most variability, while upscale cars have the least.
Sports cars have turbo chargers.
Sports cars jam along in a dangerous road race, but the similarities end there.
Sports Cars look different from other cars.
Some sports cars are available in automatic, but are more expensive.
Sports cards is no different.
Sports centres are also worth investigating.
Some sports centres run special classes for older women.
Sports chiropractic is an important field in which many doctors have excelled.
Sports clubs accept visitors.
Sports clubs are also insanely hard.
Sports clubs are clubs.
Sports clubs are non-profit in nature.
Sports clubs are organizations.
Sports clubs are registered student organizations.
Sports clubs can find all the tools to promote their events.
Sports clubs can utilize a facility for up to four hours per week.
Sports clubs do the groundwork and the machinery to handle big games is always ready and waiting.
Sports clubs give opportunity for further competition outside the varsity sports structure.
Sports clubs offer team or individual recreational opportunities.
Many sports clubs require funding at times for special projects.
Some sports clubs offer boxing classes, but most are just for fitness purposes.
Sports coaches are thrilled to have any person volunteer.
Sports coaches get to practice way more than they play.
Sports coaches use visualisation as a training tool.
Every sports columnist has an annual column.
Sports commentary is available, but most are available to subscribers only.
Sports commentary is everywhere.
Sports commentary is merely an opinion, offered from a certain perspective.
A sports commentator is an announcer
Sports commentators seem to come from one of two walks of life.
Sports commentators think nothing of using profanities in calling the plays.
Most sports complexes provide adequate equipment for weightlifting, gymnastics, and volleyball.
Sports courts evolve into structures.
Sports creams can bring some relief.
Sports culture is guided by a unique set of principles.
Sports data is always a likely target but there are many other equally viable topics.
Sports deaths happen.
Sports Divers can undertake deeper and more adventurous dives.
Sports drinks are a benefit, too.
Sports drinks are a safer way to replace the body's lost minerals.
Sports drinks are also okay.
Sports drinks are beverages.
Sports drinks are expensive.
Sports drinks are good to carry for emergencies.
Sports drinks are good to drink when the activity lasts an hour or more.
Sports drinks are mixture.
Sports drinks are now also very popular.
Sports drinks are one source.
Sports drinks are popular for different reasons.
Sports drinks are the only fluids to quench or satisfy thirst when exercising.
Sports drinks are useful when consumed after or during vigorous and prolonged exercise in high heat.
Sports drinks are very effective in reducing dehydration.
Sports drinks are worth a try.
Sports drinks can also help.
Sports drinks can come to the rescue.
Sports drinks can help a bit, but only to a certain point.
Sports drinks can help because they add sodium, which helps the body absorb and retain water.
Sports drinks can help slow that loss and improve performance.
Sports drinks can replace salt and potassium as well.
Sports drinks contain electrolytes that the body loses during a long workout.
Sports Drinks contain specific recommendations regarding oral rehydration fluids.
Sports drinks containing electrolytes help to avoid hyponatremia.
Sports drinks do more to enhance calorie intake than anything.
Sports drinks encourage student-athletes to drink more because of the added flavor.
Sports drinks help replace the water lost through sweating, which is the body's cooling mechanism.
Sports drinks provide both water and carbohydrate.
Sports drinks provide electrolytes, sodium and potassium in a healthy balance.
Sports drinks rehydrate the body faster and more thoroughly than water alone.
Many sports drinks are also too concentrated for proper hydration.
Many sports drinks contain it.
Sports entertainment is the numbing of the dumb and the hobby of the malicious.
Sports equipment including boats are very good standard.
Sports equipment is also available for rent.
Sports equipment is another factor that comes into play.
Sports equipment is available for all ages.
Sports equipment is available for check out.
Sports equipment is available for checkout in the office.
Sports equipment is available for checkouts.
Sports equipment is available for loan on both campuses.
Sports equipment is available from reception.
Sports equipment is available on a check-out basis at the first floor Operations Desk.
Sports equipment is devices.
Sports equipment is equipment
Sports equipment is equipment.
Sports equipment is free to groups renting the shelter.
Sports equipment is included with each reservation.
Sports equipment is located in arenas.
Sports equipment is located in malls.
Sports equipment is located in schools.
Sports equipment is located in sporting events.
Sports equipment is low.
Sports equipment is used for play games.
Sports equipment is used for play sports.
Sports equipment is used for playing sports.
Sports equipment is used for waste time.
All sports equipment is available at deep discounts.
All sports equipment is provided.
Some sports equipment has a rubber wrap on the handle to improve grip, absorb shock, etc.
Some sports equipment is available on loan.
Sports events are reindeer and snowmobile races.
Sports events are very important in order to create special bonds between the members.
Sports events are well-attended.
Sports events help promote watches.
Sports events offer good opportunities for young people to meet.
Most sports events are primarily local.
Sports facilities are also available to the members of the staff.
Sports facilities are available at a nearby sports club and golf course .
Sports facilities are available for use during breaks.
Sports facilities are excellent, and include climbing walls and a fitness suite.
Sports facilities are excellent, and the social facilities offer a great deal of variety.
Sports facilities are excellent.
Sports facilities are recreation areas.
Sports facilities attract neither tourists nor new industry.
Sports facilities can be surprisingly close at hand.
Sports facilities use pass available for purchase by all classified staff and faculty.
Every sports facility is also available including golf, riding and tennis.
Most sports facilities are free.
A sports fan is an enthusiast
Sports fans are a prized demographic segment and typically are larger spenders.
Sports fans are also residents of the superstitious world.
Sports fans are an entirely different lot.
Sports fans are delighted with the options for taking in a game or being in the game.
Sports fans are enthusiasts.
Sports fans are fans.
Sports fans are fickle.
Sports fans are intelligent agents.
Sports fans are like slow-moving cattle.
Sports fans are located in sporting events.
Sports fans are most passionate and fan engagement is highest at the team level.
Sports fans are people.
Sports fans are right at home with Houston's professional teams.
Sports fans are very sincere about their particular team.
Sports fans can also play golf and tennis and watch some of the world s best cricketers.
Sports fans can always find something of interest in the area.
Sports fans can choose from baseball, basketball, football, softball, volleyball, and more.
Sports fans can cite countless examples.
Sports fans can enjoy a variety of high school sports activities throughout the school year.
Sports fans can enjoy college and professional football, basketball, baseball, field and track.
Sports fans can find out the latest scores from their favorite teams.
Sports fans can float the scores for ongoing games above other running applications.
Sports fans can follow their favorite baseball teams at several sites.
Sports fans can get the latest news about high school and professional sports.
Sports fans can have a ball.
Sports fans can interact with their favorite baseball, football, and basketball stars.
Sports fans can load up on autographed goods from hockey, baseball and football teams.
Sports fans can now place bets online or via a toll free number on virtually any event they wish.
Sports fans can play at the ultimate sportsbook that allows bets on just about every sport.
Sports fans can take in any number of spectator sports in Columbia.
Sports fans can view all the action on one of seemingly hundreds of televisions.
Sports fans cheer.
Sports fans come out and talk about it.
Sports fans compare batting averages, wins and losses of various teams.
Sports fans continue to pack the stadiums as satan's crowd shouts the chorus of the doomed.
Sports fans demand truth from the press.
Sports fans enjoy the professional baseball, basketball, and hockey clubs based in Houston.
Sports fans find plenty to cheer about in The Midlands .
Sports fans have a bevy of teams to root for.
Sports fans have considerable forbearance.
Sports fans have easy access to the best of major league baseball, basketball, hockey and soccer.
Sports fans have only so much disposable income.
Sports fans have the latest scores and standings right on the home page, where they want it.
Sports fans have to be pried from the pages to discuss their case.
Sports fans interact with each other everyday.
Sports fans listen up.
Sports fans love juicy gossip, and here are two rumors that are hard to pass up.
Sports fans love to analyze and argue about and discuss individual and team performance statistics.
Sports fans make endless projections.
Sports fans owe team owners and players no loyalty.
Sports fans play or cheer on their favourite varsity and intramural teams.
Sports fans share their favorite memories from college hoops.
Sports fans tend to stick with one game franchise.
Sports fans thrive in the land of year-round athletic events and major league team competition.
Sports fans understand that.
Every sports fan has opinions on players and teams alike.
Every sports fan loves two things.
Many sports fans say fighting and hitting is part of some games, especially hockey .
Many sports fans travel great distances to pay homage to the heroes of their game.
Most sports fans think of horseshoes as nothing more than a backyard barbecue sport.
Most sports fans watch their favorite teams on television.
Sports fields are a high risk area.
Sports fields are available for scheduled leagues.
Sports fields are available for soccer, baseball, field hockey, tennis, and football.
Any sports film runs the risk of seeming fake.
Many sports films create mythologies.
Sports fishermen blame reduction in salmon runs on commercial fishing.
Sports fishermen can find grand slams almost year round in Cancun South waters.
Sports fishing continues to be important, although commercial fishing has declined.
Sports fishing is a popular pasttime here.
Sports fishing is also significant.
Sports fishing is no child's play.
Sports franchise is business.
Sports franchises make millions of dollars yearly off of the sale of their merchandise.
Many sports franchises offer special early-bird rates for subscribers.
Most sports franchises are independent organizations operating within their league.
Sports gambling is a threat to the very sport that employs our members.
Sports gambling is legal in just two states it is legal in at least nine.
Sports gambling is legal in Nevada and Oregon.
Sports games are also few and far between.
Sports games are always popular family fun.
Sports games are big business, so just about every major producer of games has a sports line.
Sports games are computer games.
Sports games are games.
Sports games are some of the most common titles, especially soccer games.
Sports games are sports.
Sports games are the exception.
Sports games are very popular, with team sports and golf at the top of the list.
Sports games continue to be big sellers.
Sports games evolve to more than just hype.
Sports games have the luxury of offering unlimited gameplay opportunity.
Sports games live and die by two things - solid gameplay and range of features.
Many sports games can lay claim to attractive graphics, yet offer meager and unattractive crowds.
Most sports games use motion-capture technology to accurately simulate the human body in motion.
Sports heroes turn into questionable characters on our sports pages.
Sports information is handled on each campus.
All sports information is subject to change without notice.
Sports injuries are a major drain of resources for most athletes.
Sports injuries are a public health problem in Victoria.
Sports injuries are about making mistakes and becoming smarter in training and recovery.
Sports injuries are common among young students and respond well to chiropractic care.
Sports injuries are on the increase as people become wealthier and have more free time.
Sports injuries are the second most common cause of wrist pain.
Sports injuries are the second most common type of injury for adolescents, both boys and girls.
Sports injuries are usually sprains or strains of ligaments and tendons.
Sports injuries come in many varieties, but the most effective treatment is usually prevention.
Sports injuries covers a lot of conditions.
Sports injuries refer to sprains, ligament tears and muscle injury.
Sports injuries specialist.
Most sports injuries affect soft tissues, for example muscles and ligaments.
Most sports injuries are due to either traumatic injury or overuse of muscles or joints.
Most sports injuries are musculoskeletal.
Most sports injuries are preventable.
Most sports injuries ARE preventable.
Most sports injuries involve the musculoskeletal system.
Sports jargon can be a cipher, along with that the personal ads and the game of bridge.
Sports jargon is particularly widespread in business since sports permeate American culture.
Sports journalism is a tough business.
Sports journalism is an oxymoron.
Sports journalism is pretty simple.
Sports journalism is the perfect job for a sports enthusiast, but it can be tough to succeed.
Sports journalists are always on a deadline of some sort.
Many sports journalists feel the same way.
Sports law is an amalgam of laws that apply to athletes and the sports they play.
Sports leagues abound around the city.
Sports leagues are a business and they want the biggest audience possible.
Sports leagues are a prime example.
Sports leagues are leagues.
Sports leagues are sports organizations.
Sports leagues have stringent prohibitions on illicit drug use, but it's open season on women.
Many sports leagues offer substantial prize money.
Sports Magazines Get the greatest magazines at the guaranteed lowest prices on the Internet.
Sports management prepares students to gain entry to assorted sport related entities.
Sports managers work in a wide variety of settings.
Sports marketing is a catch phrase.
Sports marketing is a growing trend on the Web.
Sports marketing is a multidimensional field of study encompassing a wide variety of activities.
Sports marketing is a relatively young field.
Sports marketing is among the most challenging and dynamic specializations in the sports industry.
Sports Massage alleviates pain and brings relief to tired or aching body parts.
Sports massage can assist the general effects of stretching.
Sports massage can help enhance athletic performance, decrease stress and promote flexibility.
Sports massage can help maximize their training and performance.
Sports massage can partially compensate for lack of exercise while recovering from injury.
Sports massage can speed healing and reduce discomfort during the rehabilitation process.
Sports massage helps to prevent injuries and the loss of mobility in trouble spots.
Sports massage is a more vigorous technique.
Sports massage is administered either on exposed skin and through exercise gear.
Sports massage is an adaptation of the Western techniques of hands-on massage.
Sports massage is an excellent way to warm up before any form of exercise or activity.
Sports massage is more than just a reward at the end of a work out.
Sports massage is more than just a reward at the end of a workout.
Sports massage is particularly beneficial when an athlete is in training for an event.
Sports medicine has many subspecialties, some of which are less scientifically focused.
Sports medicine is a changing field.
Sports medicine is a dynamic field, with treatments that are constantly refined.
Sports medicine is a growing field.
Sports medicine is a multi-faceted profession.
Sports medicine is a relatively new discipline.
Sports medicine is a very broad term.
Sports medicine is also a possibility.
Sports medicine is also an interest of the therapists.
Sports medicine is another area served by compounding pharmacists, today.
Sports medicine is medicine
Sports medicine is medicine.
Sports medicine is the study of the health implications of human physical activity.
Sports medicine is too generic to continue to benefit exercise physiology.
Sports medicine specializes in the care of exercise-related injuries and conditions.
Sports medicine studies the implications of physical activity on the health of an individual.
Sports memorabilia hang all over the restaurant's walls.
Sports memorabilia includes autographed items, game used equipment and rare sports artifacts.
Sports memorabilia is often fun for kids to collect.
Sports memorabilia is our specialty.
Sports movie are especially tricky.
Sports movies are common, but good ones are fairly rare.
Sports movies are movies.
Sports movies have athletes or sporting events at the center of their narratives.
Sports news is one of the most popular columns among our viewers.
Sports novels connect with many young adults.
Sports nutrition is a science.
Sports nutrition is an integral factor in training for a marathon or any endurance exercise.
Sports nutrition is another area loaded with misinformation.
Sports nutrition is diets.
Sports nutrition is even funnier.
Sports nutrition is the what, when and how much of food and fluids.
Sports officials are adjudicators.
Sports officials are workers.
Sports officials feel deeply about the games they work.
Sports officials find themselves in a precarious position.
Sports officials get so much more from officiating than a paycheck.
Sports officials require certification and registration with a sport governing agency or commission.
Sports officials seem to be taking the heat lately for questionable calls.
Sports officials strive to demonstrate the personal qualities that promote fair play.
Sports organizations differ in the degree of effective sports marketing.
Sports organizations have pizza parties and coach appreciation dinners.
Sports organizations participate in activities relating to an interest in a certain sport or sports.
All sports organizations ought to protect their athletes.
Sports package are available for all top college and professional sporting events.
A sports page is a page
Sports page contains a variety of sports news and information.
Sports page is on the way.
Sports page is pretty darn good.
Sports pages are located in newspapers.
Sports pages are pages.
Sports pages are part of newspapers.
Sports person can avail of admission in schools or colleges against the sports quota.
Sports photography is another one of our specialties.
Sports photography is as well.
Sports players wear protective helmets and pads made of textiles.
Some sports players do it.
Sports pools vary in features.
Sports practice takes place during lunch time and for one hour after school.
Sports programming includes coverage of French first division soccer matches.
Sports programming is at the cutting edge of the expansion of satellite and digital television.
Sports programming is seasonal.
All sports programming is subject to blackout restrictions.
Sports psychologists are concerned with the psychological factors that improve athletic performance.
Sports psychologists come from varied backgrounds, and veterans in the field warn about charlatans.
Sports psychologists do a variety of things.
Sports psychologists have some very silly answers.
Some sports psychologists advocate building confidence through positive internal dialog.
Sports psychology is a critical part of bringing any athlete back from an injury.
Sports psychology is part of the larger field of sport and exercise science.
Sports psychology suffers from the intellectual baggage of it's clinical psychological roots.
Many sports racers are without roll bars.
Sports radio exists to move people around.
Sports radio is extremely effective in delivering up-scale consumers.
Sports records continue to be broken.
Sports reporters keep track of others' weekly football predictions.
Sports riots are nothing new.
Sports rivalries are wonderful.
Sports scholarships are also available.
Sports science exists to determine exactly what kind and how much hard work is required, and when.
Sports scouts identify and recruit athletes for professional sports teams.
Sports seasons are long and extend across changes in youth schedules.
Sports shoes are out of question.
Sports simulations are great at simulating the business of sports.
Sports simulations can take many forms depending on the purpose of the simulation.
A sports stadium is a structure
Sports stadiums are a case in point.
Sports stars are particularly prone to contagious chest infections.
Sports stars come by to assist with children's leagues.
Sports stars feed Chicago's ever-changing tastes.
Most sports stars fade away.
Sports talk is a great place to sell beer and pickup trucks.
Sports talk is just an incredible waste of time.
Sports talk is the network's specialty.
Sports teams are a good example of bringing kids together.
Sports teams are a great place to find undesirable heroes.
Sports teams are available at the school.
Sports teams are expensive toys, and they are only fun to own when they win.
Sports teams are great start.
Sports teams are notorious copycats for success.
Sports teams are organizations.
Sports teams are small businesses.
Sports teams are sports organizations.
Sports teams are teams.
Sports teams can even view game tapes.
Sports teams can meet for snacks and drinks after games and tournaments.
Sports teams can probably control their future.
Sports teams -Canadian national teams are the joke of all the Olympics.
Sports teams compete in a full roster of sport teams for boys and girls.
Sports teams compete in the city church leagues.
Sports teams define whom a person is.
Sports teams demonstrate an excellent example of how important teamwork really is.
Sports teams discriminate, too.
Sports teams do it every day.
Sports teams do it.
Sports teams know how valuable an asset their players are.
Sports teams meet on a daily basis during their season.
Sports teams practice on our fields and other churches use our auditorium nearly weekly.
Sports teams practise for team performances.
Sports teams use economic impact numbers to help persuade cities to pay for new stadiums.
Most sports teams have chaplains.
Sports television is a vast mouth, one hungry for Canadian content.
Sports today is about more than statistics and scoring.
Sports today is one of the most powerful tools to reach the modern world.
Any sports topic is up for discussion- from the big leagues to Texas college rivalries and beyond.
Sports tourism consists of golfing, horse-riding, water sports, diving, fishing and rowing.
Sports tourism includes both spectator and participant activities and attractions.
Sports tournaments draw national attention and theater, dance, and music flourish.
Sports trainers know repetition is the key to developing muscle memory and perfecting any game.
Sports trainers use emu oil on professional players ' injuries to reduce inflammation and pain.
Sports trainers use emu oil on professional players' injuries to reduce inflammation and pain.
Sports training is another potential area of use.
Sports training occurs at the local community level.
Sports TV get pricier and pricier.
Sports uniform is worn all day on sports day.
Most sports venues are complete.
Sports violence is considered appropriate.
Sports violence is most prevalent in professional sports.
Sports world offers two squash courts, fitness suite, sunbeds, two sports halls and a licensed bar.
A sports writer is a journalist
Sports writers are journalists.
Sports writers are our last line of defense.
Sports writers have a tremendous job, although a difficult one.
Sports writers like to talk about statistics.
Sports writers provide the public with coverage of sports from around the globe.
Sports writers use colorful verbs to describe athletic events.
A sportscast is a newscast
Sportscasts are also available from the United States .
A sportscaster is an announcer
Sportscasters finish last.
Sportscasters select, write and deliver sports updates.
Sportscasters select, write, and deliver sports news.
Sportscasters select, write, and deliver the sports news.
Sportscasters write and deliver the sports news.
Sportscasters often say that the crowd has the effect of an additional player.
Sportscasters often seem to want to hear only about the game.
A sportsman is an athlete
Sportsmen also find abundant game in nearby woods and wetlands.
Sportsmen are eligible to hunt or fish immediately after the call.
Sportsmen are only the tip of the pyramid.
Sportsmen can arrange salmon fishing at a number of sports camps in the area.
Sportsmen can cast fly lines in year-round solitude surrounded only by ponderosa pine forests.
Sportsmen can enjoy fishing in clean mountain lakes and streams, or hunting a variety of game.
Sportsmen can get on target faster and improve accuracy.
Sportsmen can have delightful hunting partners.
Sportsmen can identify fish by bread or game by species.
Sportsmen can take advantage of in-season hunting and fishing opportunities throughout the year.
Sportsmen can talk of little else.
Sportsmen come from all over the United States and Canada to fish the waters of Devils Lake.
Sportsmen enjoy hunting, fishing, golf, and tennis throughout the year.
Sportsmen feel impacts on wildlife.
Sportsmen find fishing and shooting unexcelled.
Sportsmen find the area popular for hunting deer, small game and wild turkey.
Sportsmen have a reputation for being an apathetic lot.
Sportsmen have ideal hunting for big and small game.
Sportsmen here are in their element.
Sportsmen hunting other big game often take wolves as an incidental species.
Sportsmen love the fall too.
Sportsmen love the fresh and salt water fishing as well as the numerous top quality golf courses.
Sportsmen move to save the elk.
Sportsmen nationwide have a stake in the proper management of fish and wildlife.
Sportsmen naturally have an incentive to care for and expand the species they like to hunt and fish.
Sportsmen say it.
Sportsmen therefore pay for protecting all wildlife, even non-game.
Sportsmen wonder why it took so long to address the problem.
Sportsmen always take the salmon trout by trolling, or by set lines.
Sportsmen often capture spotted suckers as they congregate during their spawning run.
All sportsmen have stories to tell about the acute sense of hearing of the animal.
Every sportsman appreciates a quality knife.
Many sportsmen come up before the regular season for muzzle loader, archery and early bear.
Many sportsmen leave pictures in the mind, pictures of grace and romance.
Many sportsmen love casting flies, plugs and corked live bait at rolling tarpon.
Most sportsmen are aware that good habitat is essential for abundant wildlife.
Most sportsmen now use soft bags instead of hard luggage because air charter companies require it.
Most sportsmen understand the role of water in duck production.
Most sportsmen use four speed pick-ups or four wheel drive vehicles.
Some sportsmen concentrate on strengthening certain muscle groups depending on their sport.
Some sportsmen enjoy the thrill of chattering teeth and frozen digits during the ice fishing season.
Some sportsmen feel the coyote is responsible for the declines in game species.
Some sportsmen hate coyotes because they think the predators kill too many game animals.
Some sportsmen regard it as competition.
Some sportsmen think the state officials overreacted.
Sportsmanlike behavior is of equal importance to improved performance.
A sportsmanship is fairness
Sportsmanship adds another layer to the subject.
Sportsmanship also has a component of fairness attached to it.
Sportsmanship also is a concern.
Sportsmanship assumes that the opponents are evenly matched or a handicap is given.
Sportsmanship Be a sportsman and respect the right of other hunters and other refuge-users afield.
Sportsmanship begins at home.
Sportsmanship begins with the spectators, and sets the tone for how the athlete or player react.
Sportsmanship can turn into brutal combat.
Sportsmanship encompasses all that which is good in human nature.
Sportsmanship exemplifies the fairness which family members extend to each other.
Sportsmanship exists in all competitive sport.
Sportsmanship goes far beyond the polite or superficial handshake.
Sportsmanship has nothing to do with winning, but everything to do with winning inside.
Sportsmanship helps one to be a gentleman, or a lady.
Sportsmanship holds the strongest values in sports.
Sportsmanship includes teamwork.
Sportsmanship is a big deal because ethics is a big deal.
Sportsmanship is a high priority with all our teams.
Sportsmanship is a major consideration.
Sportsmanship is a team effort.
Sportsmanship is a thing of beauty.
Sportsmanship is a vital part of any athletic sport.
Sportsmanship is a way of life.
Sportsmanship is about the honorable pursuit of victory.
Sportsmanship is always one of our priorities.
Sportsmanship is an honorable quality that desires to be courteous, fair, and respectful.
Sportsmanship is difficult to define but easily recognizable.
Sportsmanship is dismissed as unmanly.
Sportsmanship is encouraged at all information, obedience and road trials alike.
Sportsmanship is everyone's responsibility.
Sportsmanship is for a lifetime.
Sportsmanship is important.
Sportsmanship is positive behavior that stems from generosity and genuine respect for others.
Sportsmanship is probably the clearest and most popular expression of morals.
Sportsmanship is stressed as our students have ample opportunities to learn the basic rules of play.
Sportsmanship is taught by example.
Sportsmanship is the key goal.
Sportsmanship is the key here.
Sportsmanship is the key to any true athlete.
Sportsmanship is the most important concept or value in sports.
Sportsmanship is the name of the game especially because the HEPcats sometimes lose.
Sportsmanship is the same no matter where the game is played, or who is playing it.
Sportsmanship is to be practiced at all times.
Sportsmanship is used in tennis matches many times.
Sportsmanship is very good because the league is more relaxed.
Sportsmanship is very important.
Sportsmanship is what it is all about.
Sportsmanship is what wrestling is all about.
Sportsmanship leads to good citizenship.
Sportsmanship means one who plays fairly and wins or loses gracefully.
Sportsmanship Rating Good sportsmanship is a requirement of all participants.
Sportsmanship represents no restriction for a good player.
Sportsmanship seems to be becoming a thing of the past.
Sportsmanship seems to have taken a back seat to winning, succeeding, or advancing.
Sportsmanships are fairness.
Sportsplex chief wants to keep arena open even if teams leave.
A sportswear is a dress
Sportswear acts like a vinyl, but has the look and feel of a woven fabric.
Sportswear includes shorts, tracksuits, T-shirts, polo shirts and trainers.
Sportswear is available locally at reasonable prices.
Sportswear is more than three times the size of the dress shirt market.
Sportswear is standard dress.
Sportswear is streetwear.
Sportswear is unaffected by frequent cleanings.
Sportswear offers uniquely fashionable active and lifestyle wear.
Sportswears are attire.
A sportswoman is an athlete
Sportswomen are athletes, trained to succeed.
Sportswomen take themselves seriously enough today to tell their stories out loud.
A sportswriter is a journalist
Sportswriters are entertainers of a sort.
Sportswriters are journalists.
Sportswriters are speakers for the masses.
Sportswriters call it chemistry, but it's really something else.
Sportswriters can be guilty of the same human frailties found in any other profession.
Sportswriters demonstrate regional bias and are sometimes slow to recognize emerging powers.
Sportswriters do it all the time.
Sportswriters drink whiskey neat, puff on dead-ends.
Sportswriters eat the wrong food.
Sportswriters have to write such drivel to justify their paychecks.
Sportswriters tend to be a cynical bunch, with baseball beat writers being especially jaded.
Sportswriters often make references to fairy tales and heroic stories in their articles.
Most sportswriters can only write about stats, numbers or records.
Sporty boats like to go fast.
Sporty cars are more likely to be stolen.
Most sporty coupes are small, lightweight, two-door coupes or hatchbacks with a cramped rear seat.
Sporty door trim uses metallic colors and dimples.
Sporty gauges grace a redesigned instrument panel with a wide dashboard brow.
More sporty sets go behind the head with a strap usually referred to as a neckband.
Sportz crackers are here.
Sporulation begins with a reorganisation of the cell cycle.
Sporulation develops on the necrotic areas under humid conditions.
Sporulation follows soon after.
Sporulation involves chromosome distribution and spore morphogenesis.
Sporulation is a common mode of mold dispersion.
Sporulation is complex and differs widely among the fungi.
Sporulation is reduced somewhat by cooler temperatures.
Sporulation is reproduction
Sporulation is the formation of spores that occurs in bread mold, mushrooms, mosses, and ferns.
Sporulation occurs during cool, moist weather.
Sporulation occurs from lesions whether they are on leaflets or on stems.
Sporulation occurs in Bread mold, mushrooms, mosses, and ferns.
Sporulation occurs on the underside of leaves and appears as brown to gray.
Sporulation occurs throughout the year, peaking during fall and winter.
Sporulation proceeds when conditions are no longer favorable for growth.
Sporulation starts at the embryo end and moves along the suture of the grain.
Sporulation then occurs in the treated site to initiate infection.
Sporulation then progresses asynchronously thereafter along with continued mycorrhizal development.
Spot asparagus beetles feed on asparagus plants.
Spot asparagus beetles feed on plants.
Spot blotch can be a serious problem of all growth stages of barley.
Spot color can add depth to traditional black and white ads.
Spot color is a specific color ink.
Spot color is added at no charge.
Spot color is also available.
Spot color is as it suggests, one or more single colors located on the printed piece for effect.
Spot color is available for display ads.
Spot color is available for the interior ads, but please call for a quote.
Spot color is available.
Spot color is free of charge for a full back page advertisement.
Spot color is ink of a specific, pre-mixed color.
Spot color is permissible.
Spot color is the simplest and cheapest way of adding color highlights to a printed page.
Spot color works best and is the most economical when used sparingly.
Spot colors are available on many of the interiorpages.
Spot colors can be opaque and can be used on dark garments.
Spot colors look brilliant, sharp and clear.
Many spot colors are available to Collegian advertisers.
Spot colour is available in each issue.
Spot colour is available on offset press, but full colour work is only available on the photocopier.
Some spot cuckoos have fitnesses.
Spot cucumber beetles have ranges.
Spot cuscuses have prehensile tails.
Spot cuscuses have tails.
Spot cuscuses produce offspring.
Most spot cuscuses have prehensile tails.
Most spot cuscuses have tails.
Most spot cuscuses produce offspring.
Spot diseases develop in adults.
Spot fixes are available as well.
Spot heights are individual point elevations in the source material.
Spot hyenas eat meat.
Spot hyenas grab large prey.
Spot hyenas grab prey.
Spot hyenas have hearts.
Spot hyenas have jaws.
Spot hyenas have powerful jaws.
Spot hyenas produce noise.
Spot hyenas produce whoop noise.
Most spot hyenas eat meat.
Most spot hyenas grab large prey.
Most spot hyenas grab prey.
Most spot hyenas have hearts.
Most spot hyenas have jaws.
Most spot hyenas have powerful jaws.
Most spot hyenas produce noise.
Most spot hyenas produce whoop noise.
Some spot hyenas go after prey.
Some spot hyenas stay with mothers.
Spot kiwi lives in dens.
Spot lady beetles have black spots.
Spot lady beetles have spots.
Spot light is harder and more focused than point light.
A spot market is a commodities market
Spot markets are also flexible.
Spot markets react to presumptions about future supply.
Spot newts have skin.
Spot owls inhabit forest habitats.
Spot owls inhabit habitats.
Some spot owls require protection.
A spot price is a price
Spot prices are a fair indicator of the underlying strength of overall rates.
Spot prices are prices.
Spot prices are sharply lower.
Spot prices are, at present, hovering lower than contract prices.
Spot prices mean today's prices fixed on major exchanges.
Spot prices rise when inventories fall and decline when inventories return to normal levels.
Some spot prices are even higher.
Spot salamanders exhibit preference.
Spot salamanders have bellies.
Spot salamanders have delicate skin.
Spot salamanders have skin.
Spot salamanders use sticky tongues.
Spot salamanders use tongues.
Most spot salamanders exhibit preference.
Most spot salamanders have bellies.
Most spot salamanders have delicate skin.
Most spot salamanders have skin.
Most spot salamanders use sticky tongues.
Most spot salamanders use tongues.
Some spot salamanders leave water.
Spot sales require the seller to hold inventory before trading.
Spot shrimp are large and stout and are light brown to orange in color.
Spot skunks have stripes.
Spot skunks have white stripes.
Spot skunks lower heads.
Spot skunks remain in handstand positions.
Spot skunks remain in positions.
Most spot skunks have stripes.
Most spot skunks have white stripes.
Most spot skunks remain in handstand positions.
Most spot skunks remain in positions.
Some spot skunks have ranges.
Spot tests are generally accurate, but they can give false positive or false negative results.
Spot treatments can have effects.
Spot treatments can have suppress effects.
Spot value is variable according to kind of shells and distance strictly.
A spot is a point
Spot anthracnose is a fungus disease which affects leaves.
Spot anthracnose is caused by a fungus that attacks the leaves, stems, flowers, and buds.
Spot anthracnose is much worse on flowering dogwoods growing in full sun than in shade.
Spot anthracnose is much worse on flowering dogwoods growing in the full sun than in shade.
Spot apply solvent rather than pouring.
Spot arrive in our waters in late spring and remain throughout the summer.
Spot arrives home.
Spot barks loudly at animals.
Spot burn small openings to maintain foods.
Spot burning is also a good example of discontinuous site preparation.
Spot buy and sell opportunities.
Spot buy requests are welcome.
Spot check each category to ensure applicants are properly categorized.
Spot check each field to determine apparent quality and moisture of the crop.
Spot check each tape to be sure it came out.
Spot check emitters for adequate flow rate, using a bucket.
Spot check extensions and additions on attached receipts, credit slips, or packing slips.
Spot check heifers for activity now to see if they are breeding.
Spot check other items like steaks or left-overs also.
Spot check players for possession of receipt.
Spot check three footnotes.
Spot check to make sure cows are settling.
Spot cleaning shell or lining fabric is easy with a paste made from laundry soap and a toothbrush.
Spot combine beside the delivery if stole freestone shirt.
Spot continue to filter in slowly.
Spot finish around none ski doo boats.
Spot focus adjusting and mechanically balanced.
Spot isa appearance.
Spot kill around that rules either archived men's fitness magazines.
Spot lemurs in lush rainforest, dance the salegy with locals or explore remote highland villages.
Spot looks so friendly.
Spot looks so smart.
Spot lose inside the tire unless provides cardinals posters.
Spot occupy Visitors upon some uncle under one glory.
Spot offer No.
Spot opens on view of planet Earth from space.
SpoT places to see.
Spot reach sexual maturity at ages two and three.
Spot reducing is a myth.
Spot relamping is a time consuming and expensive labor procedure.
Spot spraying is another valuable management tool.
Spot spraying is now policy on the farm, only where weeds have become a problem.
Spot spraying minimizes the amount of pesticides being used.
Spot spraying of noxious or poisonous weeds sometimes is needed.
Spot spraying of regrowth is necessary.
Spot spraying with a recommended pesticide can also be beneficial.
Spot spraying with a selective herbicide can also be helpful for weed control.
Spot stop near the tire unless lose nc state apparel.
Spot stop near the tire unless lose yamaha tennis raquets.
Spot survey the customers to check their satisfaction level.
Spot swim in coastal and estuarine waters from the Gulf of Maine to the Bay of Campeche, Mexico.
Spot testing on a random basis is a cost effective way to encourage compliance.
Spot treat by applying a herbicide only to the weedy areas.
Spot treat hiding places and pathways with boric acid paste or spray boric acid aerosols.
Spot treat nests in lawns.
Spot treat only areas with problems and use natural non-toxic pesticide alternatives.
Spot treat only infested areas.
Spot treat only the areas with pest populations greater than acceptable levels.
Spot treat only the infested area and a small buffer beyond.
Spot treat only.
Spot treat or band herbicides instead of using broadcast treatments.
Spot treat or remove weeds around plants by hand.
Spot treat or use on entire face and neck.
Spot treat pests if possible.
Spot treat problem areas.
Spot treat problem weeds rather than broadcast applications to the entire lawn.
Spot treat room corners with insecticides to kill resting flies.
Spot treat stubborn weeds by squirting an aerosol or stroking a wax bar onto their leaves.
Spot treat target pests directly rather than spreading pesticides over large areas.
Spot treating border areas can stop an infestation before it spreads throughout the entire field.
Spot treatments with insecticides applied to areas of high fly activity are most efficient.
Spot treatments with sprays directed to the floor areas are usually more effective.
Spot wash by hand.
Spot wash by sponging briskly with a soapy solution of natural soap in lukewarm water.
Spot wash in between with soap and water and a soft toothbrush.
Spot wash with soap and water.
Spot weld to anchor cells together.
Spot welds battery top to joined batteries.
Spot welds on the support bars keep the targets from wandering along the bars.
Spots also are a great fish to eat.
Spots also form on heads, stems, flower stalks, and flowers.
Spots also occur on leaves, characterized by a brownish to purple mold growth on underleaf surfaces.
Spots also occur on the leaves, petioles, and stems.
Spots also occur on the nuts and leaf stalks.
Spots also occur on the petioles, stems, blossoms, and fruit stems.
Spots also turn a noticeably lighter green color as young leaves expand.
Spots appear mostly on the underleaf surface.
Spots appear on new canes in mid-to late summer.
Spots appear on petals followed by rotting and a mushy, gray mold.
Spots appear on the leaves, and eventually, they shrivel up and fall off.
Spots appear on the leaves.
Spots appear ventrally first and later light dorsal spots appear.
Spots are a dull black with an indefinite outline resulting in a sooty appearance.
Spots are absent from the head, though flecks occur along the sides of the body.
Spots are all hung upstage.
Spots are also possible, usually small patches of white located just above the hoof.
Spots are always good watching.
Spots are always hard and never turn into a soft rot.
Spots are an attractive feature on a dog.
Spots are available now on a first come, first serve basis.
Spots are available on a first come, first listed basis.
Spots are available on each page for advertisements.
Spots are barely visible on their body.
Spots are bigger, And the stripes are multicolored.
Spots are black and rounded.
Spots are boat shaped at first then merge to form blotches.
Spots are brown and irregular and often appear as discrete spots with yellow halos.
Spots are caused by wounding of spines from nearby leaves during high winds.
Spots are circular and zoned.
Spots are circular in shape and with age they coalesce to form larger spots.
Spots are circular in shape and, with age, they coalesce to form larger spots.
Spots are circular, brown, and more likely to be soft than in apples.
Spots are color-coded to show which category the spot is needed for.
Spots are dark brown and coalesce when numerous.
Spots are dark brown at first and surrounded by a water soaked and then yellowing region.
Spots are extremely limited and people have waited over six months to get in.
Spots are fast-gaining, known for their feed efficiency and meat qualities.
Spots are filling up fast, so sign up now.
Spots are first come, first serve.
Spots are first translucent, yellowish and water-soaked.
Spots are fish.
Spots are flat.
Spots are frequently very black and surrounded by a bright yellow halo.
Spots are from one to six inches long and one-half to one inch wide.
Spots are generally darker in color than early leafspot and commonly show no yellow halo.
Spots are generally translucent specks of various shapes and sizes.
Spots are irregular to almost circular, three to seven mm in width.
Spots are Kentucky or Alabama fish exported to California.
Spots are larger in female.
Spots are larger in the female.
Spots are limited but available for now.
Spots are limited, no draws.
Spots are limited, so sign up at Hillel.
Spots are limited, so sign up early.
Spots are limited.
Spots are markedly visible with no overlying necrotic tissue.
Spots are markers.
Spots are marking.
Spots are more grainy, and ticked.
Spots are more prominent in summer than in winter.
Spots are most numerous on the back and upper flanks.
Spots are nickel plated brass, conchos are nickel.
Spots are of variable size.
Spots are off of fawns.
Spots are often big enough to be seen with the naked eye.
Spots are often circular to angular.
Spots are often irregular in size and shape.
Spots are often more numerous at the calyx end of the fruit.
Spots are our main source of upstage lights.
Spots are part of playing cards.
Spots are patterns.
Spots are playing cards.
Spots are possible in all colours.
Spots are prob cordierite, and both musc.
Spots are red and become fluid-filled blisters within a day or so.
Spots are result of light glare.
Spots are rosetted and rust colored, and overall color is light blonde.
Spots are roughly circular and develop into tannish spots with purple to red borders.
Spots are round and well-defined, the more distinct the better.
Spots are sections.
Spots are small at first, later enlarge and become covered by the small spore-producing pustules.
Spots are small rounded marks, usually without a border.
Spots are small, angular, straw-colored and watersoaked.
Spots are smaller with more distinct edges in other cultivars.
Spots are still available at some schools.
Spots are still available for each session.
Spots are still available on some schedules.
Spots are still available.
Spots are still open in all races.
Spots are sunken, brownish and up to one-half inch in diameter.
Spots are tan and semi-soft and frequently become numerous over the root surface.
Spots are tan to gray with a reddish-brown border.
Spots are tan to reddish-brown and roughly ellipsoid in shape.
Spots are there, but they are only spots, mars.
Spots are too small to be harvested economically.
Spots are typically light brown to rust or black.
Spots are up for grabs and guys want to keep up a high standard.
Spots are usually dull yellow in color.
Spots are usually evident on the dorsal fin.
Spots are usually more severe on older leaves.
Spots are usually smaller on the head, legs and tail than on the body.
Spots are usually tan to brown in color and are rough in texture.
Spots are usually tan to gray in color with a dark brown margin.
Spots are very limited and filling up quickly, so be sure to call soon.
Spots are very limited, depending on the amount of flights and weather.
Spots are very limited.
Spots are very thick, jet black, discrete and about one-fourth inch in diameter.
Spots are white on colored flowers and brown on white flowers.
Spots arise in late spring or early summer after leaves attain full size.
Spots become darker with age and collapse to form distinct craters.
Spots become dry and dull black.
Spots become gummy and square or rectangu- lar in shape.
Spots become light brown when the leaf tissue dies.
Spots become reddish-brown .
Spots become well defined and slightly sunken in a few days.
Spots begin as light-green areas on upper side of leaves.
Spots begin as tiny, white, slightly raised spots.
Spots begins as small, circular and water-soaked areas.
Spots blur all that divides one from the other, and both from the doubtful table and room.
Spots can also form on petioles, stems, and fruit.
Spots can also occur on young shoots, leaf petioles, fruit stems and berries.
Spots can appear on all aboveground parts of the plant, except the petals.
Spots can appear on margins or blades and are sometimes irregular or donut-shaped and white.
Spots can be black or dark rust colored and are very pronounced and are defined.
Spots can be gray, pink, tan, or purple.
Spots can be round, oblong or rosette-shaped.
Spots can be the result of inefficient rinsing cycles or contaminated rinse water.
Spots can be three inches to a foot or more in diameter.
Spots can enlarge enough to cover an entire leaf.
Spots can occur on either leaf surface as well as petioles, twigs and canes.
Spots can start at the cut end of the blade and grow down.
Spots caused by chlorine products are generally yellow.
Spots change over a period of several days.
Spots change to blisters, which eventually crust.
Spots coalesce and cause a leaf blight and dark brown streaks develop on leaf petioles.
Spots coalesce and severely infected leaves fall to the ground prematurely.
Spots coalesce to cover large areas when the disease becomes severe.
Spots coalesce until entire leaf is affected.
Spots commonly start on leaf margins and can spread across the entire leaf.
Spots continue to appear for one to five days and subside over a week or two.
Spots desire runs.
Spots develop first on older leaves near the center of the hill.
Spots develop on both surfaces of leaves but are most common on the upper one.
Spots develop on leaves and leaf sheaths at all stages of plant development.
Spots develop on the leaves, forming a water-soaked blotch.
Spots develop primarily on the leaves in mid- to late spring.
Spots differ from pores only in the nature of their sheaths.
Spots dry out and become bleached.
Spots dry out and become cankers.
Spots enlarge and appear greenish black to black when wet and grayish black when dry.
Spots enlarge and are usually angular in shape.
Spots enlarge and become whitish-gray or brown.
Spots enlarge and develop grey centers.
Spots enlarge and join into dark brown stripes.
Spots enlarge and run together forming irregular bands along the leaf veins.
Spots enlarge and run together.
Spots enlarge and show gray centers.
Spots enlarge rapidly during warm, moist weather.
Spots enlarge rapidly in damp weather.
Spots enlarge rapidly.
Spots enlarge to become soft watery, slimy rots.
Spots enlarge, and often run together becoming angular with centers sunken and brown.
Spots enlarge, leaves turn yellow.
Spots enlarge, turn brown, and dry.
Spots enlarge, turn grayish-brown, and run together.
Spots eventually dry and turn brown.
Spots expand to entire leaf.
Spots expand very slowly.
Spots fill quickly, so please apply early.
Spots fill up quickly, so call soon.
Spots fill up quickly.
Spots first appear as small yellow flecks, later becoming tan with a yellow border.
Spots first appear in the spring as the new leaves approach full size.
Spots first appear water-soaked, then turn a dark green to brown color.
Spots form on canes, similar to leaf spots.
Spots form on the heater, and they get bigger over time.
Spots form on the undersides of the leaves, especially along the main veins.
Spots generally come when the dosa gets spoiled.
Spots go on a first come, first serve basis.
Spots gradually enlarge and become a bright yellow-orange color, which are easy to identify.
Spots gradually enlarge and become a bright yellow-orange color.
Spots grow together to form larger spots under the most severe disease pressure.
Spots happen when too much oil blocks a pore and bacteria gets trapped inside.
Spots have a dark central region called umbra surrounded by a lighter region called penumbra .
Spots have brown margins and light colored centers.
Spots have purple margins.
Spots have yellow centers and brown or black margins.
Spots here are limited to stock available on a first come first serve basis.
Spots just make it that more of a challenge.
Spots later become brown and sunken.
Spots later become dark brown or black with a purple margin.
Spots later become dark, thicken and cause leaves to curl.
Spots later become sunken, forming a saucer-shaped depression.
Spots later dry out and develop black margins.
Spots later dry up and turn yellow or brown.
Spots later enlarge and run together caus- ing large areas of the lawn to turn brown.
Spots later enlarge and turn an orange-brown color.
Spots later enlarge, but remain separated.
Spots later enlarge, dry out and become dark and angular.
Spots later enlarge.
Spots later turn yellowgreen.
Spots look like dots made by a fine felt-tipped marker.
Spots merge and become large, irregular tan areas with a yellow halo.
Spots merge and defoliation occurs, beginning with the crown leaves.
Spots mimic dappled sun for visual camouflage.
Spots occur in all colors.
Spots occur most prominently on lower leaves of plants.
Spots occur on either surface of leaves and enlarge slowly during spring and early summer.
Spots occur singly and in groups ranging from two to over one hundred in number.
Spots progress to blisters, then ulcers, leading to a breakdown of tissue under the ulcer.
Spots quickly change to fluid-filled pustules, then to crusts.
Spots range in size from a few thousand to many tens of thousands of km in diameter.
Spots range in size from that of a pinhead to slightly smaller than a dime.
Spots rapidly enlarge, frequently killing the entire leaf.
Spots really are objects.
Spots remain available.
Spots repeat offenders.
Spots represent areas with increased generation of receptors for leukocyte and tumor cell adhesion.
Spots scatter across the shoulders and hindquarters, extending far down the legs.
Spots soon turn black with a slimy exudate.
Spots spread very rapidly.
Spots start as soft, water-soaked areas with irregular edges.
Spots surrounding it are mostly bacteria and clay colloids.
Spots tear away leaving ragged holes.
Spots then appear on the face, arms and torso.
Spots travel in large pods, or schools.
Spots turn a dark brown to black with age.
Spots turn black and remain wet appearing as they enlarge.
Spots turn black.
Spots turn brown and appear cracked, roughened, and warty.
Spots turn brown to black as they enlarge.
Spots turn from yellow or light green to black or dark brown.
Spots turn red.
Spots turn yellowish and finally brown as they mature.
Spots vary from a few to many.
Spots vary from one to several on the fruit surface.
Spots vary from small pinpoints to large in the wet weather.
Spots vary from the size of a dime to the size of a half-dollar.
Spots vary in color and intensity.
Spots vary in size, shape, and color and occur primarily on foliage and stems.
Spots work really well on our set .
Spots frequently have black or brownish dots near centers.
Spots often appear along the leaf margin and can grow together, causing the entire leaf to wither.
Spots often appear on lower leaves first and can gradually spread up the plant.
Spots often enlarge and increase in number and can cause severe leaf blighting.
Spots often enlarge rapidly.
Spots often grow together to form large cankers, especially on older canes.
Spots often join and kill the entire leaf.
Spots often occur on the twigs.
Spots often run together to form streaks.
Spots often start at a point of injury.
Spots sometimes have a yellow margin.
Spots usually have dark brown margins and black specks in the centers.
Spots usually remain dead for a number of years.
All spots are already full.
All spots are filled on a first come, first serve basis.
All spots are in alphabetical order.
All spots are on a first come first serve basis.
All spots are Sponsorable.
All spots are subject to availability.
All spots are to be timed precisely.
All spots require advanvce booking.
All spots vary in pricing and subject to change.
Every spot has multiple solutions for any particular problem.
Every spot is extremely painful and vulnerable without being a serious injury.
Every spot is painful on pressure.
Every spot is very important to win at.
Every spot now has a wall on each side.
Every spot offers a good view.
Every spot's a mystery spot Planet Earth's a polka dot A-spin in outer space.
Many spots usually change hands.
Many spots have access to private mineral pools, shade, or camp-grills.
Many spots occur along the veins.
More spots develop as the turtles get older.
Most spot skunks lower heads.
Most spots are one foot to two feet in diameter.
Most spots are only a few inches in diameter.
Most spots are wadeable during normal water flows.
Most spots are yellow, gray, to reddish-brown or black in color.
Most spots have a light yellow halo around the outer edge.
Most spots only have room for one tent.
Some spot spraying is necessary to keep newly sprouted plants from maturing.
Some spots appear on faces.
Some spots appear on fins.
Some spots appear on fruit.
Some spots appear on roots.
Some spots appear on twigs.
Some spots are actually mold and require treatment with an antimicrobial or sanitizer.
Some spots are better than others for siting a telescope.
Some spots are hard to find, but the holes are bountiful.
Some spots are kinda narrow between the trees.
Some spots are lighter than others.
Some spots are more well known than others, of course.
Some spots are pretty tight through the trees.
Some spots are remote enough to seem like one s own.
Some spots are round, some are arrowhead in shape.
Some spots are shallow, some are fathoms deep.
Some spots are slow-moving, while others simply go nowhere.
Some spots are still available for adoption .
Some spots are too secret or obscure to be mentioned.
Some spots are well known and others are unknown to the public.
Some spots become bruise.
Some spots become problems.
Some spots become small bruise.
Some spots can be difficult to decipher.
Some spots contribute to erosion.
Some spots give information.
Some spots have dark margins, while others have yellow halos.
Some spots have light gray centers and dark purple shading to green outer regions.
Some spots have patches.
Some spots have patterns.
Some spots have swirl patterns.
Some spots help digestion.
Some spots indicate interaction.
Some spots indicate quality.
Some spots offer kelp forests, walls, and pinnacles.
Some spots provide protection.
Some spots require a keen awareness of survival in the wild.
Some spots require blind jumps and falls, ensuring replay value at the sacrifice of game design.
Some spots require minimal preparation.
Some spots require preparation.
Some spots require specialized treatments.
Some spots smell like pig pens.
Some spots solve problems.
Some spots turn on at different times of the day.
Some spots vary in color.
Some spots warrant brief stop-overs.
Spotlight newspapers publishes weekly community newspapers.
A spotlight is prominence
Spotlight also gives tips on use of the World Book.
Spotlight delivers exceptional value.
Spotlight features member profiles and insider goodies, including a portfolio area and a gallery.
Spotlight focuses on drug and alcohol misperceptions.
Spotlight has a way of doing that.
Spotlight has an established tradition of ground breaking investigative journalism.
Spotlight has only a light moisturizing effect so that it can be used with many products.
Spotlight highlights a current topic for the day.
Spotlight includes three slides.
Spotlight is a new feature intended to inform new staff about student services.
Spotlight is about the community and for the community.
Spotlight is always nice, no green light, minimum yellow.
Spotlight is an on-going section dedicated to out of studio events.
Spotlight is for women of all ages and skin types.
Spotlight is free with preferred seating tickets available at registration only.
Spotlight is freeware, though it displays advertising.
Spotlight is on cooperation with powerful person, marital status.
Spotlight is on partnership or marital status.
Spotlight is on.
Spotlight is split into four sections.
Spotlight is the monthly newsletter that keeps councilmen informed about literature use worldwide.
Spotlight prevents subjects from being over exposed against a dark background.
Spotlight Read the latest highlights from the schools.
Spotlight remains synonymous with trusted, original and hard edged journalism.
Spotlight scans the stage slowly.
Spotlight Welcome to the hcfa.gov Spotlight .
Spotlights are great for focused product and service advertisements.
Spotlights are lamps.
Spotlights are light.
Spotlights are like real-world spotlights.
Spotlights are located in theaters.
Spotlights are on a first come basis.
Spotlights are software.
Spotlights are useful for creating dramatic localized lighting effects.
Spotlights are well chosen and useful.
Spotlights bring pressure.
Spotlights can be either single or double, although the double spotlight is recommended.
Spotlights crisscross the night sky.
Spotlights feature the gold records in the arches.
Spotlights flash on to illuminate a large, empty canvas on the far side of the room.
Spotlights hang just a few feet from patrons' heads.
Spotlights illuminate the various animals and regions mentioned.
Spotlights point to a flat-topped, curved wall ringing the city of Avignon.
Spotlights start spinning, keeping time to the booming bass thumping through gargantuan speakers.
Spotlighted resources cover a variety of topics, from aircraft maintenance to language.
Spotsylvania battlefield offers an excellent view of a well preserved landscape.
Spotsylvania soils have a lithologic discontinuity.
Spotted bass are fun to catch because they bite readily and pull so hard.
Spotted bass are shallow around rip rap and striking top water baits.
Spotted bass do well in low, normal, or high water conditions.
Spotted bass have dark spots on the gill cover and spots or streaks on the lower sides of the body.
Spotted bass like to eat other fish.
Spotted bass occur in low gradient streams in southern Ohio.
Spotted bass rank second in abundance to largemouth, followed by smallmouth.
Spotted bass tend to be found in areas with more current than largemouth bass.
A spotted bat is a vespertilionid
Spotted bats are moth specialists.
Spotted bowerbirds are locally common, however, overall the population is thought to be in decline.
Spotted bowerbirds have a diverse range of vocalisations.
Spotted coat breaks up body outline.
Spotted coralroot is the most common of three coralroot species that grow in Connecticut.
Spotted cows sip sparkling water from the pond near edged gray rocks.
Spotted deers are a remarkably fast species on their feet.
Spotted dogs are known very much in the history of Africa , Europe , and Asia .
Spotted dogs are known very much in the history of Africa, Europe, and Asia.
Spotted dolphins are vigorous swimmers, frequently hurling themselves high into the air.
Spotted dolphins lead very complex social lives.
Spotted Dolphins learn social skills from siblings, peers and elders.
Spotted drum are plentiful and many can be seen on every dive.
Spotted ears add the perfect touch.
A spotted flycatcher is a flycatcher
Spotted flycatchers are long-distance migrants.
Spotted flycatchers prefer an even shallower, open-fronted box.
Spotted frogs are predators and hunt insects and other small animals for food.
Spotted horses are magical.
Spotted hyaenas are the most abundant large carnivore in Africa.
A spotted hyena is a hyaena
Spotted hyena is the largest species of all hyenas and it has a greater stamina.
Spotted hyenas are a matriarchal society, where adult female hyenas dominate the adult male hyenas.
Spotted hyenas are adept hunters in their own right, preying on reptiles, birds and even wee bugs.
Spotted hyenas are big on scavenging.
Spotted hyenas are born with eyes wide open and teeth intact, ready for action.
Spotted hyenas are carnivores.
Spotted hyenas are famed scavengers and often dine on the leftovers of other predators.
Spotted hyenas are found in grasslands, woodlands, savannas, subdeserts, forest edges and mountains.
Spotted hyenas are gregarious carnivores that live in social groups called clans.
Spotted hyenas are hunters and scavengers.
Spotted hyenas are hyenas.
Spotted hyenas are mammals.
Spotted hyenas are most fascinating animals.
Spotted hyenas are night animals.
Spotted hyenas are the largest of three hyena species.
Spotted hyenas can tell which individual makes the whoop.
Spotted hyenas do almost everything together in packs.
Spotted hyenas dominate brown hyenas.
Spotted hyenas has a negative reputation in both Western culture and African folklore .
Spotted hyenas has a negative reputation in both Western culture and African folklore.
Spotted hyenas have distinctive vocalizations.
Spotted hyenas have good hearing and sharp eyesight at night.
Spotted Hyenas have powerful forequarters with a strong neck and jaws.
Spotted Hyenas have the most complex social structure of ANY non-primate species.
Spotted Hyenas make a lot of noises and sounds.
Spotted hyenas play a major role in Africa.
Spotted hyenas reach sexual maturity at the age of three years.
Spotted hyenas take their kills at every opportunity.
Spotted knapweed has oval stalked cotyledons.
Spotted knapweed is a biennial or short lived perennial plant which reproduces by seed.
Spotted knapweed is a biennial or short-lived perennial forb of the composite family.
Spotted knapweed is a biennial or short-lived perennial that is generally somewhat woolly.
Spotted knapweed is a short-lived, tap rooted perennial that reproduces by seed.
Spotted knapweed is native to Europe.
Spotted knapweed is primarily a weed of pastures, hayfields, roadsides, and sometimes turfgrass.
Spotted knapweed is the most common species.
Spotted knapweed stems branch on their upper half.
A spotted owl is an owl
Spotted owls are birds.
Spotted owls are birds.
Spotted owls are common in every area of the world.
Spotted owls are known to be relatively tame birds, often unfazed by the presence of humans.
Spotted owls are one of the few owls that have dark colored eyes.
Spotted owls are owls.
Spotted owls depend on the canyons each fall as they migrate to lower elevations.
Spotted owls have wings, feathers, and beaks.
Spotted owls inhabit the wilderness as well as barred owls, pileated woodpeckers, and goshawks.
Spotted owls prefer old-growth and are threatened by logging.
Spotted owls prefer to nest in tree hollows or in inaccessible cliff crannies.
Spotted owls prey on rodents, and mountain lions prey on deer.
Spotted owls require old growth forest habitat for their survival.
A spotted salamander is a salamander
Spotted salamander incubate their young using solar powered eggs.
Spotted salamanders are fine with no light beyond ambient room lighting.
Spotted salamanders are fossorial , meaning they spend most of their time underground.
Spotted salamanders are found in eastern North America.
Spotted salamanders are nocturnal and hibernate in winter.
Spotted salamanders are salamanders.
Spotted salamanders are widespread across New York.
Spotted salamanders breed in temporary pools in the deciduous forests of Virginia.
Spotted salamanders go through several stages over their lifetime.
Spotted salamanders have poison glands in their skin, mostly on their backs and tails.
A spotted sandpiper is a sandpiper
Spotted sandpipers are polyandrous-meaning females mate with more than one male.
Spotted sandpipers bob and dip their tails conspicuously, like the Louisiana waterthrush.
Spotted seals are comparatively wary and difficult to approach openly.
A spotted skunk is a carnivore
Spotted skunks are about half that size with white spots instead of stripes.
Spotted skunks are good climbers and are faster and more agile than striped skunks.
Spotted skunks are largely nocturnal and are active all year.
Spotted skunks are more agile than striped skunks.
Spotted skunks are more efficient than striped skunks as predators.
Spotted skunks are much more active and alert than any of the other skunks.
Spotted skunks are omnivorous.
Spotted skunks are quite playful with each other, even as adults.
Spotted skunks are skunks.
Spotted skunks are smaller with white spots or streaks.
Spotted skunks are very playful with one another.
Spotted skunks can sometimes climb into wall spaces and find their way into attics.
Spotted skunks consume large numbers of insects and small mammals.
Spotted skunks do handstands before they spray.
Spotted skunks have few predators except the great horned owl.
Spotted Skunks have several dens which they use at different times of the year.
Spotted skunks prefer dens under or in old buildings.
Spotted skunks protect themselves by spraying a strong and unpleasant scent.
Spotted skunks tend to have a smaller home range.
Spotted specimens have a brown or yellow ground color with darker brown or black blotches.
Spotted specimens have a brown or yellow ground color with darker brown or black spots.
Spotted stones are sinister and fine.
Spotted turtles are covered with polka dots.
Spotted turtles are popular pets because of their small size and their wonderful demeanor.
Spotted Turtles eat a variety of plant and animal foods, which are consumed in the water.
Spotted wilt has an incredible number of hosts.
Spotted wilt infected plants exhibit a range of symptoms on foliage and fruit.
Spotted wilt is a very humbling disease.
Spotted wilt is a virus spread by thrips.
Spotted wilt is now common across the peanut growing areas of Georgia, Florida, and Alabama.
A spotter is an employee
Spotter moves with exerciser and provides assistance as needed.
Spotters also play a part in the strategy of the race.
Spotters are a key part of our warning operations.
Spotters are always in position when campers practice.
Spotters are employees.
Spotters are mandatory for all lifts using squat, incline, or bench press racks.
Spotters are most of the time only interested in registration marks and flightnumbers.
Spotters are people who are sent out to different areas when conditions are right for tornadoes.
Spotters are the backbone of the program.
Spotters are very important for each child.
Spotters become almost as important as drivers.
Spotters can and do provide valuable confirmation.
Spotters enter fuel prices in their neighborhood to update the site.
Spotters have a vital role in the warning program, as do forecasters.
Spotters help falling climbers land on their feet, using a pad to cushion the impact.
Spotters look for tornadoes standing outside.
Spotters pose as guests.
Spotters reach high up into the air.
Many spotters have access to amateur radio networks.
Spotty attendance begins early in high school and then gets worse.
Spotty attendance remains a problem.
Spotty infestations necessitate sampling many areas of the field.
Spotty pigmentation is obvious at the left upper corner.
Spotty rain showers affect areas.
Spotty records exist from Orange County, extending from the lowlands to the mountains.
Spotty showers affect areas.
Most spotty showers affect areas.
Spousal abuse happens among every age, economic, social, racial and ethnic group in our society.
Spousal abuse is a difficult topic to experience, let alone write about.
Spousal abuse is a result of people addiction.
Spousal abuse is a serious charge that raises legitimate questions of character.
Spousal abuse is condemned in the Bible, just as divorce is.
Spousal abuse is grounds for a divorce, but the law requires the plaintiff to produce eyewitnesses.
Spousal abuse is nothing to take lightly or mock.
Spousal abuse takes many forms.
Spousal rape is a crime.
Spousal rape is often more violent and repetitive than other rape and it is less commonly reported.
Spousal rape is often more violent and repetitive than other rape, and it is less commonly reported.
Spousal support applies only to married couples.
Spousal support can have significant tax consequences for both parties.
Spousal support is an issue that rests within the discretion of the judge.
Spousal support is another issue.
Spousal support is income to the party receiving it and a deduction for the party paying it.
Spousal support is money that a court orders a man or woman to pay to a former spouse.
Spousal support is more difficult to predetermine.
Spousal support is much more difficult.
Spousal support is support payable to a spouse or former spouse that used to be called alimony.
Spousal support is the hardest issue to predict in most divorces.
Spousal support is the single most important factor in promoting a woman's recovery.
Spousal support is treated differently.
Spouse abuse can be physical, emotional, or sexual.
Spouse abuse condones physical fighting among children.
Spouse abuse has historic roots.
Spouse abuse has other serious implications.
Spouse abuse is a crime.
Spouse abuse is a long standing, entrenched problem.
Spouse abuse is a social problem that has long been hidden behind the curtain of domestic privacy.
Spouse abuse is now a public issue.
Spouse abuse occurs in all social classes and with independent as well as dependent women.
A spouse is a relative
Spouse can apply even if member decides against applying.
Spouse can sell the vehicle without taking title to it first.
Spouse files bankruptcy after entry of final divorce decree.
Spouse gets the benefit automatically if the employee dies.
Spouse has adequate income.
Spouse has sleep problem.
Spouse has the same meaning as in the Income Tax Act .
Spouse has thoughts and feelings and needs to talk about an issue.
Spouse includes same-sex partners.
Spouse is a pastor at a church in town.
Spouse is already on campus.
Spouse is defined as the current spouse.
Spouse is defined as the employee's legally married wife or husband sharing the same residence.
Spouse is eligible if pursuing undergraduate degree.
Spouse is higher priority than folks.
Spouse is legal services employee.
Spouse is primary breadwinner as a doctor.
Spouse is represented.
Spouse is the designated beneficiary.
Spouse is Unknown.
Spouse lists the name of the person's spouse.
Spouse means husband, wife or common law partner.
Spouse means someone who lives with another person as that person's husband or wife.
Spouse needs to get feelings out so the stress, pressure and distraction is reduced.
Spouse never has to contribute.
Spouse occasionally smokes cigars, a pipe or chews, but no cigarettes.
Spouse pays one half of fee.
Spouse pays one half price for blue priced items .
Spouse play it.
Spouse provides primary care.
Spouse qualifies for part of month.
Spouse raises eyebrows.
Spouse refers only to a person of the opposite sex who is husband or wife.
Spouse regularly smokes cigars, a pipe or chews, but no cigarettes.
Spouse seems strange.
Spouse stay free in same room.
Spouse stays at no extra charge.
Spouse takes the entire share if there are no surviving descendants or parent.
Spouse teaches elementary school.
Spouse traveling needs different kind of ticket, is a hassle.
Spouses account for another one quarter.
Spouses also are eligible to receive retirement benefits from their spouse's record.
Spouses also have access to the counseling and health resources of the university.
Spouses also have far more power and influence than some imagine.
Spouses also perceive a lower level of social than the community sample.
Spouses are a primary group of caregivers to the elderly.
Spouses are also eligible to join and are encouraged to participate in retiree activities.
Spouses are also welcome at the evening activities.
Spouses are also welcome to attend.
Spouses are also welcome, though eligibility is based on class space availability.
Spouses are also welcome.
Spouses are always welcome and are offered a reduced registration fee covering the cost of meals.
Spouses are always welcome and highly encouraged to attend.
Spouses are always welcome and special events are planned especially for their enjoyment.
Spouses are always welcome.
Spouses are competent witnesses to testify to any relevant matter, including marriage and parentage.
Spouses are consecutive numbered pairs, with the husband having the lower number of the two numbers.
Spouses are eligible at employer discretion.
Spouses are eligible for a half tuition benefit.
Spouses are eligible to audit classes at the university.
Spouses are eligible to receive benefits upon the death of an employee.
Spouses are eligible with current spouse card.
Spouses are encouraged to attend and special partner rates are available.
Spouses are located in homes.
Spouses are more likely to face domestic violence.
Spouses are more than welcome at any of the functions for the additional cost.
Spouses are most welcome and are encouraged to attend.
Spouses are optional.
Spouses are particularly vulnerable as sources of emotional support for patients.
Spouses are relatives.
Spouses are subject to public membership rates.
Spouses are supportive, and group outings are common.
Spouses are the ones planning the most special welcomes for the sailors.
Spouses are to reach complete unity centering on true love.
Spouses are totally exempt from inheritance tax.
Spouses are usually about the same age.
Spouses are usually the primary caregivers, followed by adult children.
Spouses are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Spouses are welcome at business dinners.
Spouses are welcome during all sessions.
Spouses are welcome on the program with an increased fee for hotel and social events.
Spouses are welcome regardless of religious affiliation.
Spouses are welcome to attend all social functions.
Spouses are welcome to attend at no additional charge.
Spouses are welcome to attend on a space-available basis.
Spouses are welcome to attend the national conferences.
Spouses are welcome to attend the program as well as the luncheon.
Spouses are welcome to attend.
Spouses are welcome to come as well as any residents on campus.
Spouses are welcome to come.
Spouses are welcome to use the resource materials in the education centers.
Spouses are welcome too.
Spouses are welcome, too.
Spouses are welcome.
Spouses are Welcome.
Spouses attend class and complete assignments.
Spouses attend free.
Spouses avoid conflict by seeking to think and feel what they believe the other thinks and feels.
Spouses bail out.
Spouses become ineligible if they remarry.
Spouses begin to sense a deeper respect, love and appreciation for each other.
Spouses can act as ombudsman or monitor of family concerns.
Spouses can also apply for each other's birth certificate, showing only the applicant's ID .
Spouses can also make an effort to show special kindness.
Spouses can also participate.
Spouses can be younger and still be members.
Spouses can be younger and still have a couples membership.
Spouses can become single parents.
Spouses can control the outcome if they design it together.
Spouses can easily infect each other, and mothers can pass the infection on to their children.
Spouses can give each other gifts of any amount without gift tax filings.
Spouses can have direct and indirect legal responsibility for debts or liabilities.
Spouses can hurt each other worse than anybody else.
Spouses can inherit estates of any size without any tax liability.
Spouses can obtain a divorce without alleging fault on the part of the other spouse.
Spouses can play but participation is limited to the same team as the employee.
Spouses can pretty readily find a job on campus.
Spouses can register on a space-available basis.
Spouses can search the sites and post resumes free.
Spouses can set up their own retirement accounts, too.
Spouses can sometimes live separately for extended periods of time.
Spouses can sue each other while still married for torts, intentional and unintentional.
Spouses can wait.
Spouses can waive their rights to maintenance payments in a prenuptial agreement.
Spouses can, however, receive property separately by gift or inheritance.
Spouses come for free.
Spouses contribute to different campaigns.
Spouses do inherit from one another.
Spouses face unique obstacles everyday when living abroad.
Spouses find fulfilling social, cultural, culinary and leisure activities.
Spouses give each other many small things every day.
Spouses greatly pressure each other with their sexual preferences.
Spouses have a tough time too.
Spouses have equal rights and obligations in marriage.
Spouses have limited underwriting criteria to meet to participate.
Spouses have plenty of opportunity to get into the business area in New York City.
Spouses have something to talk about.
Spouses have ten years in which to use benefits.
Spouses have the obligation to support each other.
Spouses have their own special needs in preparing for the separation.
Spouses have to agree that keeping the marriage healthy is their top priority.
Spouses have unlimited use of the library.
Spouses influence each other s actions.
Spouses learn what the relationship can tolerate without breaking.
Spouses look out for each other's interests.
Spouses Making such a significant change is a joint effort and requires much discussion.
Spouses now have a unique outdoor area and behavior on the farm.
Spouses now receive more attention than in the past during the recruitment process.
Spouses offer suggestions from the other room.
Spouses ought to be able to rest their complete confidence in the other's constancy.
Spouses pass away and other changes occur, too.
Spouses receive the same reductions.
Spouses receiving pensions from private sector employers have no such offset.
Spouses remain true to each other.
Spouses say thanks.
Spouses seeking to collect child support and alimony arrearages often file complaints for contempt.
Spouses share a number.
Spouses spend fewer hours talking to each other than before.
Spouses stay free in room.
Spouses stay in different locations in response to employment opportunities.
Spouses take turns hosting the visits or helping with refreshments.
Spouses tend to be more concerned about finances .
Spouses then see if they can guess what their partner wrote.
Spouses welcome at no extra charge.
Spouses welcome or come alone.
Spouses welcome, too.
Spouses worry a great deal about the family future.
Spouses often are the beneficiaries of trusts.
Spouses often assume their partners know what they think or feel.
Spouses often blame themselves for the addict's behavior, seeing themselves as undesirable.
Spouses often carry the disapproval of their in-laws.
Spouses often come along but on their own dime.
Spouses often commingle their marital and non-marital property.
Spouses often name each other as sole executor with a further appointment upon the second death.
Spouses sometimes feel like the odd couple.
Spouses sometimes hesitate to initiate physical contact.
Spouses usually can secure employment in the Greenville area.
Spouses usually feel torn when their parents come for a visit.
All spouses think that their exs are crazy.
Many spouses are eligible for unemployment but fail to make the claim in the new state they move to.
Many spouses are unable to share their faith with their partners, for a variety of reasons.
Many spouses attend.
Many spouses enjoy clubs and organizations which gather together people of a common interest.
Many spouses request it even if there Is room for separate burials.
Many spouses sacrifice their own careers to upkeep or support the service member.
Many spouses think their partners expectations are similar to their own.
Many spouses work in the medical practice.
Most spouses are happiest when they know they are meeting the needs of their partner.
Most spouses fail to give each other enough of their time each week.
Most spouses feel that the secrecy and lying is more destructive of the marriage than the sex.
Most spouses name each other as executors.
Some spouses feel a joint petition is more appropriate where they are in agreement on all issues.
Some spouses find it hard to sleep when the snoring stops.
Some spouses find it helpful to get right in the shower and shower together.
Some spouses find that showering with their afflicted mate can solve the problem for a while.
Some spouses force their partners to do everything that requires the home computer.
Some spouses prefer for their respective attorneys to look over the final document before signing.
Some spouses prefer to keep hard assets such as gold.
Some spouses send letters about how great everything is, and how angelic the children are.
Some spouses talk incessantly but do little else.
A spout is an opening
Spouts also appear.
Spouts are located in garages.
Spouts are located in geysers.
Spouts are located in kettles.
Spouts are located in teapots.
Spouts are located in water fountains.
Spouts are mint.
Spouts are openings.
Spouts are part of pipes.
Spouts are ready to eat when they are one or two inches long and have tiny green leaves.
Spouts are used for oil.
Spouts still continue from the Preclassic.
Spouted water drops everywhere in the sea, like a rain.
SPR leather is tanned by three separate processes for extra stength and resistance.
Sprag clutch engages seemlessly with zero slip.
A sprain is pull
Sprains Apply a cold compress immediately.
Sprains Apply ice to the injured area as soon as possible.
Sprains Apply moist heat and ice alternately to reduce pain, swelling, and inflammation.
Sprains are a result of torn ligaments, broken blood vessels and inflammation.
Sprains are common in the ankles, knees, wrists and fingers.
Sprains are common injuries that cause ligaments to rip of separate from the bone.
Sprains are commonly graded according to the extent of the injury.
Sprains are different from strains.
Sprains are diseases.
Sprains are injuries around joints including ligaments and other joint tissue.
Sprains are injuries to the ligaments, which connect one bone to another.
Sprains are injuries to the ligaments, which is tissue that connects the bones.
Sprains are most common in the ankles, knees and shoulders and are seen less in wrists and elbows.
Sprains are ripping.
Sprains are wrenchs.
Sprains can heal correctly with proper care.
Sprains can vary from just a minor stretch of a ligament to a complete disruption.
Sprains describe injury to ligaments, which connect bone to bone, and joint capsule.
Sprains happen to joints.
Sprains involve ligaments and usually include swelling and discoloration.
Sprains occur most often in ankles, knees or fingers, although any joint can be sprained.
Sprains occur when the ligaments are stretched more then normal.
Sprains occur when the ligaments in a joint are damaged.
Sprains refer to a stretching of ligaments that connects bone to bone.
Sprains result from suddenly stretching or tearing the ligaments that hold the bones together.
Sprains take longer to heal than strains.
Sprains take more time to heal and sometimes require that one wear a cast or use crutches.
Sprains vary from minor tears in a few fibers of ligament to complete tears of entire ligaments.
Sprains frequently occur at the wrist, typically when people fall and land on an outstretched hand.
Sprains often affect the ankles, knees, or wrists.
Sprains usually cause swelling and eventual bruising.
Sprains usually occur in the joints of an animal's limbs, causing rapid swelling.
All sprains are is a tear in the ligament.
All sprains are painful and take several months to heal.
Most sprains heal completely within a few weeks.
Most sprains occur on the outside part of the ankle, but they can occur on the inside as well.
Some sprains require a cast.
Sprained ankles are one of the most common injuries in sports.
Sprained ankles are one of the most common sports injuries.
Sprained ankles are the same way.
Sprained ankles can definitely be serious.
Sprained joints can function, but only with pain.
Sprained ligaments swell rapidly and are painful.
A sprat is a herring
Sprats are tiny, silver fish with very oily flesh best grilled.
Sprawl growth threatens habitats.
Most sprawl growth threatens habitats.
Sprawl meeting generates citizen action.
Sprawl accelerates the decline of cities and towns.
Sprawl affects more than just the fast-growing communities.
Sprawl affects the environment in other ways as well.
Sprawl also exacts enormous financial costs.
Sprawl also harms our native plant species.
Sprawl also has a negative impact on the natural environment.
Sprawl also has serious environmental consequences.
Sprawl also threatens our wetlands.
Sprawl also wreaks havoc on an area's water quality.
Sprawl can and does occur where only one force increases.
Sprawl can be expensive for city governments as well.
Sprawl can happen in urban, suburban or rural settings.
Sprawl can make one feel downright claustrophobic about our future . . .
Sprawl can make one feel downright claustrophobic about our future.
Sprawl comes in many forms other than residential development.
Sprawl condemns people to cars.
Sprawl consumes ten acres of open space every hour in Pennsylvania.
Sprawl continues to eat up open space and rich farmland worldwide.
Sprawl contributes significantly to the pollution of both our air and water.
Sprawl costs too much in services and quality of life.
Sprawl creates crowded schools in the suburbs and empty, crumbling schools in center cities.
Sprawl creates more air and water pollution.
Sprawl creates more killer floods.
Sprawl crowds our children's schools.
Sprawl degrades air quality through increased driving.
Sprawl destroys community character.
Sprawl destroys more than one million acres of parks, farms and open space each year.
Sprawl destroys one million acres of farmland every two years.
Sprawl destroys town centers and interferes with civic involvement.
Sprawl devours wetlands and flood plains and destroys wildlife habitats.
Sprawl eats away at the urban fringes, and devours the rural landscape and open spaces near cities.
Sprawl eats up open space.
Sprawl eats up our open space.
Sprawl encompasses varied circumstances that have been widely covered in the media.
Sprawl engulfs increasingly distant farms, fields and forests.
Sprawl focuses solely on suburban expansion.
Sprawl has many causes.
Sprawl hits the suburbs.
Sprawl includes work by seven photographers, each with a different approach.
Sprawl increases costs by making automobile travel a necessity.
Sprawl increases only some infrastructure costs, and by small amounts at that.
Sprawl increases the risk of flooding.
Sprawl increases traffic on our neighborhood streets and highways.
Sprawl increases unemployment and concentrates poverty in urban centers.
Sprawl inevitably follows the major investment of public spending for new roads.
Sprawl inevitably raises taxes.
Sprawl inevitably translates into more and wider roads.
Sprawl involves the movement of populations from city centers to outlying areas.
Sprawl is a cancer.
Sprawl is a constant threat to our productive farm and forest land and important wildlife corridors.
Sprawl is a pattern of development.
Sprawl is a position
Sprawl is a serious threat to the environment andthe resources of the entire planet.
Sprawl is a strange enemy to choose.
Sprawl is a symptom of cumulative behavior with chronically negative effects.
Sprawl is a terribly inefficient way for a region to grow.
Sprawl is actually a way to keep communities alive.
Sprawl is alleged to be inefficient or environmentally damaging.
Sprawl is almost always unintentional.
Sprawl is already a major concern of state planners.
Sprawl is an everyday problem throughout the United States.
Sprawl is an issue tailor-made for cliche and hyperbole.
Sprawl is an issue that hits people close to home.
Sprawl is another issue.
Sprawl is as much a matter of regimentation as of anarchy.
Sprawl is based on a throwaway concept.
Sprawl is big news in the fast-growing Denver area.
Sprawl is built into our culture.
Sprawl is costly and ordinary citizens are paying the bill.
Sprawl is costly.
Sprawl is defined by three distinguished characteristics.
Sprawl is devastating communities in every region of the state.
Sprawl is easy to identify, but difficult to solve.
Sprawl is everyone's enemy, but few have had any success in attacking it.
Sprawl is expensive.
Sprawl is growth that happens outside of existing infrastructure.
Sprawl is helped along by a series of public policies and government subsidies.
Sprawl is here.
Sprawl is indicated on the maps by increases in land consumption and housing construction.
Sprawl is inherently expensive.
Sprawl is largely a creature of our housing policies.
Sprawl is like cholesterol.
Sprawl is more a problem of maintaining communities than it is a problem of wanton development.
Sprawl is more complicated than a piece of cake.
Sprawl is more of a problem in the South than anywhere else.
Sprawl is more than just an eyesore across our countryside.
Sprawl is no longer a good investment.
Sprawl is notoriously difficult to define.
Sprawl is now the all-purpose scapegoat for urban discontents.
Sprawl is odious.
Sprawl is one of the biggest environmental problems facing communities in America today.
Sprawl is one of the biggest environmental problems facing most communities in America.
Sprawl is one of the fastest growing, most ominous threats to our nation's rivers.
Sprawl is one of the main causes of traffic congestion.
Sprawl is one of the most wasteful uses of land ever devised.
Sprawl is one of the reasons there are so many traffic jams.
Sprawl is particularly damaging because it often eats up land faster than the population grows.
Sprawl is positions.
Sprawl is somewhat easier to address.
Sprawl is stories about places that used to be.
Sprawl is the direct result of accommodating the automobile.
Sprawl is the problem.
Sprawl is the result of bad land use and transportation planning.
Sprawl is the result of over five decades of subsidies paid for by the American taxpayer.
Sprawl is the result of unfettered private automoble dominated development.
Sprawl is the uncontained bleeding edge of urban development.
Sprawl is too lucrative for exploiters to give it up without a fight.
Sprawl is, in other words, exactly the sort of suburban life that attracts families to Austin.
Sprawl is, overall, more than a phenomenon of road and building development.
Sprawl isn t that bad.
Sprawl isolates people in their own homes in the suburbs.
Sprawl leads to urban decline while threatening rural community character.
Sprawl limits the feasibility of getting around without a motorized vehicle.
Sprawl makes life easier for people tired of high-energy city life.
Sprawl makes public transportation systems less efficient and less available to more people.
Sprawl means greater reliance on automobiles.
Sprawl means higher taxes to duplicate what already exists.
Sprawl means roads, driveways, parking lots and roofs.
Sprawl means spacious houses with yards and flexible drives to work.
Sprawl needs to be curbed.
Sprawl pays up to a point.
Sprawl pollutes our air and water.
Sprawl produces traffic congestion and more air pollution.
Sprawl refers to a particular type of suburban peripheral growth.
Sprawl reflects social progress more than decline.
Sprawl represents the rural acres lost as urban areas spread outward over time.
Sprawl spreads out everything, making trips longer and driving mandatory.
Sprawl starts here.
Sprawl takes two forms.
Sprawl tends to create problems in our community that take away form our quality of life.
Sprawl threatens our wetlands.
Sprawl threatens the quality of our state's waterways.
Sprawl threatens wildlife by chopping up habitat.
Sprawl undercuts property values and investment opportunities.
Sprawl vaults to the top of concern lists in local polls.
Sprawl wastes our tax money.
Sprawl worsens the damage from killer floods.
Sprawl often means that people have to drive greater distances to do their daily shopping.
Sprawl often requires more roads, longer sewer lines and longer commutes than compact development.
Spray aerosols are used by nations.
Spray booths are dangerous - fire and fumes being two of the most significant hazards.
Spray bottle is provided with the concentrate.
Spray bottles fill with clean water.
Spray bottles fill with cool water.
Spray bottles fill with water.
Spray bottles fit nicely.
Some spray bottles contain water.
A spray can is a dispenser
Spray cans are easier but they weigh more and take up more room.
Spray cans are portable, disposable.
Spray cans can explode when exposed to heat.
Spray cans come with a small plastic nozzle tube for reaching tight locations.
Spray cans offer minimum clean-up.
Spray finishes have a glassy, artificial look and are cold to the touch.
Spray forms are fun for children and are quickly applied to large areas of the body.
Spray hoods are available to spray herbicides between planting beds in row middles.
Spray nozzles come in varying sizes and patterns, depending upon the manufacturer.
All spray nozzles are stainless steel.
Spray paint is paint
Spray paints are also suitable for painting the lures, when first starting out.
Spray paints are of particular concern due to ventilation requirements.
Spray Park is more scenic, yet involves more elevation gain.
Spray Park is subject to sudden whiteouts bring map and compass.
Spray patterns vary from mist, sharp, wide, to massage or pulsating.
Spray skirts are only for paddling in cold waters.
Spray time is preset at factory.
Spray adulticides to control adult mosquito population.
Spray catches the currents of air.
Spray causes foilage dehydration damage.
Spray cones gold, fill a basket, and add a bow.
Spray discourages slugs and snails.
Spray flies from the waves as they roll in to the shore.
Spray forms a haze, leaves bend, spilling dew.
Spray fungicides underneath plant.
Spray gloves lightly with water and leave to dry naturally.
Spray is flower arrangements.
Spray is jets.
Spray is located in waterfalls.
Spray is pesticide
Spray is pesticide.
Spray is water vapor.
Spray knishes with non-stick cooking spray or brush with beaten egg.
Spray leaves daily with water .
Spray leaves or side of tank to produce droplets.
Spray leaves thoroughly and evenly saturating each leaf completely, until cleaner runs off.
Spray leaves to give uniform coverage.
Spray leaves, moss and rocks or other furniture.
Spray mists and pressurized air are very effective means of cooling the cutting interface.
Spray paints surfaces as assigned by a supervisor.
Spray plants monthly with iron sulfate.
Spray plants outdoors in a well-ventilated spot.
Spray plants regularly, from every few days to every week, and repeat after rain.
Spray plants thoroughly, especially undersides of leaves and crevices where pests lurk.
Spray plants weekly with a weak soapy water solution to prevent reinfestation.
Spray reduces visibility.
Spray rolls lightly with water.
Spray shelves lightly, particularly cracks where shelves and the wall come together.
Spray shelves lightly, particularly cracks where shelves and wall come together.
Spray stems and crowns weekly using zineb or ferbam.
Spray stems and shoots also.
Spray stems, flowers and buds thoroughly from all angles, until run-off or leaves look wet.
Spray stems, stalk first and then area around plants.
Spray strips lightly with cooking spray.
Spray turn buckles with a rigging lubricant.
Spray undersides of foliage as well as tops for optimum results.
Sprays also don t affect gypsy moth caterpillars outside the treated area.
Sprays applied by aerial application are normally less effective than ground application.
Sprays applied by group are usually more effective that aerially.
Sprays are also available for carpeting and drapes.
Sprays are easy and fast to apply.
Sprays are effective for most problems.
Sprays are effective on the crawler stage of scales.
Sprays are effective on the nymphal stages of scales.
Sprays are effective.
Sprays are ideal for finer hair.
Sprays are ineffective means of delivery.
Sprays are less conspicuous than a dust and leave a better residue to provide continuing control.
Sprays are less effective once the disease has appeared in the field.
Sprays are less harmful than dust formulations of pesticides.
Sprays are most effective applied after leaf fall or in early spring.
Sprays are most effective when applied just before newly hatched larvae attempt to enter the apples.
Sprays are much more effective than dusts.
Sprays are only effective on the crawler stage of scales.
Sprays are safer than foggers, but they require more labor to be truly effective.
Sprays are so strong they can stun another whale.
Sprays are the most common type.
Sprays are the most commonly used formulation.
Sprays are the second most effective deterrent.
Sprays are usually less damaging to bees than dusts.
Sprays are very effective medications.
Sprays contain high concentration of alcohol.
Sprays containing methoprene and fenoxycarb are effective.
Sprays containing pyrethrins control adult weevils if timed correctly.
Sprays cover both leaves and flowers, though the target is only the flowers.
Sprays ditch banks with herbicides and larvicides for growth and mosquito control.
Sprays drift less than dusts and are less likely to kill bees in nearby areas.
Sprays generally cost more than lotions.
Sprays give more effective and longer-lasting protection than dusts.
Sprays increase emissions by inducing drafts inside the degreaser.
Sprays ink at a sheet of paper.
Sprays pesticide under and around building, using pressure spray gun.
Sprays press with solution to prevent adherence to belt during cure.
Sprays provide a much better barrier against borer attack than do dusts.
Sprays purported to reduce static have only a temporary effect.
Sprays target population and unpolluted forest areas to east.
Sprays vary in toxicity.
Sprays work best on people who are surprised by it.
Sprays work best on the body and are fun for children.
Sprays work well on surfaces.
Sprays often can t penetrate the layers of mulch to reach the ants.
Sprays often contain permethrin or pyrethrin.
Any spray containing tear-gas remains illegal.
Every spray releases ozone-destroying CFCs.
Most sprays are toxic to midges.
Most sprays can hurt fish.
Most sprays have little, if any, effect because the window of opportunity is very short.
Some spray actually goes up and over the trees.
Some sprays are volatile.
Some sprays can be harmful to some plants.
Some sprays contain impurities in their formulations which smell unpleasant but have a low toxicity.
Some sprays have attachments to help direct spray materials into cracks and crevices.
Sprayable formulations are effective under some conditions.
Sprayable pheromones have advantages when compared with the use of hand-applied dispensers.
Sprayed lacquer is probably four times as fast, and gives a much better finish.
Sprayed oysters have a lower meat temperature than shaded ones.
A sprayer is a laborer
Sprayer applies DDT to a home's walls in Belize.
Sprayer begins to sputter and spit gobs of paint out.
Sprayer designs now greatly limit adjustments on a per tree basis within a block.
Sprayer is complete with quick-connect hose coupler that links hose to sprayer.
Sprayer is no longer than a lipstick, but renders assailants helpless in an instant.
Sprayer is recalibrated frequently based on amount of use and type of pesticide formulation.
Sprayers are important in the production of agronomic crops.
Sprayers are important to the production of agronomic crops.
Sprayers are laborers.
Sprayers ensure even paint coats.
Sprayers keep crops looking at their best.
Sprayers waging war on insects Bug-control efforts are in full swing in Cumberland County.
Sprayers work best for lawn applications, watering cans are fine for smaller applications.
Most sprayers are similar in construction.
Some sprayers require a special procedure for calibration.
Spraying is applications.
Spraying is flowing.
Spraying is spreading.
Spread hides pattern.
Spread is condiments.
Spread is extensions.
Spread is girth.
Spread is pages.
Spread is part of publications.
Spread is travel
Spread termites on stone to dry in sun.
Spreads are a matter of interest just before expiration only.
Spreads are smaller, too, and current price information is a mouse click away.
Spreads are the differences in prices between different futures months.
Spreads are twice the earned page rate, each page counts as one time for frequency.
Spreads asphalt to patch and repair streets.
Spreads compare two securities to show how they are performing relative to each other.
Spreads count as two insertions.
Spreads count as two single page insertions.
Spreads count as two single pages.
Spreads have their own indexed section.
Spreads plaster over masonry base, using trowel, and smooths to attain uniform thickness.
Spreads quotes insurance company, provide coverage provision indicates life coverage quote.
Spreads reflect the relative risks of the bonds being compared.
Spreads remain tight on strong vessel line-up in Vancouver.
Spreads require a horse to jump width.
Spreads seem to be tightening due to investor fear of corporate bonds at the moment.
Spreads tend to rocket in line with movements in the equity markets.
Spreads trap a darker background object to a lighter foreground object.
Spreads using more than ten cards can become unfocused.
Spreads vary with market conditions.
Every spread is a superb example from a great graphic designer and paperfolder.
Many spreads offered and numerology reports are also available.
Most spreads contain between six and fifteen cards.
Some spreads are more risky than flat positions and other spreads are less risky.
Some spreads get a significant amount of their calories from fat.
Some spreads have as little as a few hundred dollars margin requirement.
Spreader bars are also acceptable when used strictly as a teaser.
A spreader is a hand tool
Spreader applies manure slurry, adding nutrients, including nitrogen, to Illinois cropland.
Spreader isa tool.
Spreader see surfactant.
Spreaders allow pesticide to form a uniform coating layer over the treated surface.
Spreaders allow the bait to reach the bottom rapidly without tangling the mainline.
Spreaders are adjustable for different fertilizer materials and rates of application.
Spreaders are adjustable for different fertilizers and rates of application.
Spreaders are effective in forming wide-angle crotches in young apple trees.
Spreaders are either mechanically or hydraulically driven.
Spreaders are hand tools.
Spreaders are in line.
Spreaders are surfactants.
Spreaders are the key to power in the mainsail.
Spreaders can be of bamboo or fiberglass.
Spreaders deserve additional attention.
Spreaders have (part) handles.
Spreaders have (part) sections.
Spreaders make it easy to distribute fertilizer evenly over a lawn.
Spreaders meet at a central joint that has a hole in it.
Spreaders reduce surface tension of spray droplets.
Spreaders store neatly in top of dog house.
Every spreader is engineered to be light-weight and strong.
Many spreaders are dependent on walking speed along with spreader settings.
Most spreaders apply less at the beginning and at the end of the load.
Most spreaders apply less at the beginning and end of the load.
Most spreaders come with calibration instructions.
Most spreaders move the chaff mechanically using paddles - others use air.
Some spreaders are almost global in form, growing evenly wide and tall.
Some spreaders come with optional vinyl covers to protect materials.
Spreading is applications.
Spreading is forging.
Spreading is shaping.
Spreadsheet analysis allows the marketing manager to evaluate what-if questions.
Spreadsheet analysis is made simple by data downloading capabilities.
Spreadsheet capabilities Approach the most commonly used features of well-known spreadsheets.
Spreadsheet cells can include references to equations and vice versa.
Spreadsheet cells fill as data is collected.
Spreadsheet competence is a critical skill in modern business organizations.
Spreadsheet control can be fully data connected.
Spreadsheet databases can do most of what average person needs.
Spreadsheet data is provided for powerful off-line statistical analysis.
Spreadsheet errors appear to be about as frequent as errors in programming.
Spreadsheet examples help illustrate the mechanics of the recommended procedures.
Spreadsheet exercises offer a new way for students to apply the principles discussed in the book.
Spreadsheet experience is preferred.
Spreadsheet files can hold any number of data spreadsheets.
Spreadsheet files require a spreadsheet program.
Spreadsheet formats are .csv and .xls.
Spreadsheet items are automatically updated when selecting new objects in design window.
Spreadsheet knowledge is suggested.
Spreadsheet proficiency is a prerequisite.
Spreadsheet proficiency is essential.
Spreadsheet programs allow the user to enter columns and rows of data.
Spreadsheet programs are business software.
Spreadsheet programs are database programs.
Spreadsheet programs are interactive programs.
Spreadsheet programs are software.
Spreadsheet programs are very handy for doing basic statistical computations.
Spreadsheet programs have efficient and accurate methods of working with numbers.
Spreadsheet programs have nothing to do with music education directly.
Spreadsheet programs have the ability to perform an assortment of functions.
Spreadsheet programs offer other interesting calendar options.
Spreadsheet programs take the strain of making tables, drawing graphs and working with numbers.
Any spreadsheet program can then open the tab or comma delimited file.
Any spreadsheet program makes light of the job.
Any spreadsheet program makes such comparisons easy.
Many spreadsheet programs can also produce graphs .
Most spreadsheet programs have instructions for how to protect files.
Most spreadsheet programs provide a capacity for graphing data.
Most spreadsheet programs support some form of a ceiling function.
Spreadsheet results can be output in HTML format.
Spreadsheet size is limited only by virtual storage capacity or region size.
Spreadsheet software can be invaluable for recording and calculating composite grades.
Spreadsheet software can help make graphs very efficiently.
Spreadsheet software has many applications in the electoral field.
Spreadsheet software is also a necessary tool for the entry-level engineer.
Spreadsheet software is an inexpensive tool for recording, sorting, and analyzing information.
Spreadsheet software is readily available.
Spreadsheet software is used to develop statistical process control charts and graphs.
Spreadsheet software is used to provide practical applications of the course material.
Spreadsheet software is used to solve problems within case studies.
Spreadsheet software manages financial information.
Spreadsheet software requires that the numbers, text and formulas be entered.
Spreadsheet templates are available to use in completing the spreadsheet assignments shown below.
A spreadsheet is a computer programme
Spreadsheet create and show calculations and accompanying graph.
Spreadsheets allow easy projection of alternative cuts or increases to specific programs or grants.
Spreadsheets allow people to create and work with simulations of the real world.
Spreadsheets allow the students to organize and record data.
Spreadsheets also are more efficient at copying and duplicating blocks of information .
Spreadsheets also come with many build-in functions to calculate cell values based in other cells.
Spreadsheets also have an advantage when there are repetitive patterns in the data.
Spreadsheets also have the capability of forming graphs.
Spreadsheets are a great commodity in business.
Spreadsheets are a tool for organizing and analyzing data.
Spreadsheets are a tool for solving business math problems and for statistical analysis.
Spreadsheets are a very powerful tool for analysing numerical data.
Spreadsheets are also a great way to organize non-financial information.
Spreadsheets are also a wonderfully simple graphical representation of computational models.
Spreadsheets are also able to interchange data with other systems.
Spreadsheets are also valuable tools for personal finance.
Spreadsheets are an important business tool that helps one evaluate and analyze information.
Spreadsheets are another way of examining series or patterns of numbers.
Spreadsheets are applicable for data collection, statistical analysis, and graphical representation.
Spreadsheets are awesome tools.
Spreadsheets are brittle.
Spreadsheets are due out tomorrow.
Spreadsheets are easier to develop and have more powerful analytical features.
Spreadsheets are essential for many of the cases.
Spreadsheets are everywhere in business.
Spreadsheets are famous by it's capacity of working with graphics and numbers.
Spreadsheets are faster to get up and running, which can be an advantage for small tasks.
Spreadsheets are files.
Spreadsheets are fun, motivating, and are one of the things computers can do best.
Spreadsheets are great for budgets, financial statements and other tasks that require calculations.
Spreadsheets are great for what-if scenarios.
Spreadsheets are highly useful in the organization and management of financial and economic data.
Spreadsheets are ideal for tracking the status of the manuscript.
Spreadsheets are important to the science, geography and mathematics classes.
Spreadsheets are in Excel format.
Spreadsheets are inherently deterministic.
Spreadsheets are likely to fail.
Spreadsheets are one of the most popular tools to manage scenarios.
Spreadsheets are out for review in the draft directory.
Spreadsheets are powerful tools because the table's cells can be interrelated.
Spreadsheets are programs.
Spreadsheets are remarkably common.
Spreadsheets are slow.
Spreadsheets are so impressive.
Spreadsheets are still young and untested as part of teaching.
Spreadsheets are the building blocks to understanding the creation of any database.
Spreadsheets are the computer equivalent of the traditional accounting ledger.
Spreadsheets are the language of business, used to keep financial data.
Spreadsheets are there for mutual fund research and new stock ideas.
Spreadsheets are to numbers what word processors are to text.
Spreadsheets are tools for tabulating and analyzing numerical data.
Spreadsheets are useful for budgeting.
Spreadsheets are useful for some of the cases.
Spreadsheets are useful in analysis of some types of problems and the design of their solutions.
Spreadsheets are useful in many science and business applications, as well as other areas.
Spreadsheets are useful tools for capturing the risk information.
Spreadsheets are useless for many without graphs.
Spreadsheets are very specialized database applications.
Spreadsheets are very useful tools for scientists.
Spreadsheets are very useful.
Spreadsheets are wonderful tools for evaluating the product's science.
Spreadsheets are, however, restricted in the sorts of applications they support.
Spreadsheets become statistical analysis laboratories.
Spreadsheets can also be helpful to manage gopher hours and rental equipment.
Spreadsheets can also get students actively involved in problem solving.
Spreadsheets can be useful to replicate data in bar chart and pie chart graphical form.
Spreadsheets can be very valuable tools in business.
Spreadsheets can contain numbers, formulas, or words.
Spreadsheets can do all kinds of arithmetical operations.
Spreadsheets Can Do It All.
Spreadsheets can help students with the recording of their work, giving good layout examples.
Spreadsheets can help teachers by quickly organizing and calculating data.
Spreadsheets can imitate many features of relational databases.
Spreadsheets can provide random digits quickly.
Spreadsheets can result in data redundancy, inflexibility, and update inefficiency.
Spreadsheets can save lots of labor.
Spreadsheets consist of workbooks and worksheets.
Spreadsheets contain more information than is necessary for outside readers.
Spreadsheets contain rows and columns of data and formulas for calculating the data.
Spreadsheets Copy the database file, open a new spreadsheet file, and paste.
Spreadsheets display columns of numbers, while word processors display columns of text.
Spreadsheets do basic arithmetic in a split second.
Spreadsheets do many things.
Spreadsheets don t make for long-term viability if the underlying assumptions are unrealistic.
Spreadsheets empower millions of managers to carry out WHAT-IF analysis.
Spreadsheets emulate medieval Arabic double-entry bookkeeping.
Spreadsheets Enter and save data, formatting data, using formulas and functions, using charts.
Spreadsheets expedite the testing of conjectures.
Spreadsheets fit nicely into math.
Spreadsheets get two chapters, beginning and advanced.
Spreadsheets handle text and numerical data differently.
Spreadsheets have no comparable facility.
Spreadsheets have numerous other business and personal uses.
Spreadsheets have other advantages beyond wide acceptance.
Spreadsheets have tools for automatic formula writing.
Spreadsheets hold pieces of data in cells and the values can be linked by various operators.
Spreadsheets illustrating the calculations for the remaining regions are available.
Spreadsheets introduce a new application that can be used for problem solving in math and science.
Spreadsheets Keep and calculate information, and use it to plot charts and diagrams.
Spreadsheets make matrices easy to understand for middle school students.
Spreadsheets make such manipulations relatively easy.
Spreadsheets make use of what are called relative cell addresses in copying formulae.
Spreadsheets manage budgets and do financial projections.
Spreadsheets now print species count totals for each column and for the total report.
Spreadsheets offer a wide range of options for representing data.
Spreadsheets perform mathematical calculations on the data in the cells.
Spreadsheets provide links between rigid pre-determined sets of data.
Spreadsheets Read and interpret a spreadsheet.
Spreadsheets read and write simple PC files.
Spreadsheets replace the slide rule of engineers and the calculating machines of office workers.
Spreadsheets routinely support what if analysis and goal seeking.
Spreadsheets seem to fit particularly well in the early stages of learning algebra.
Spreadsheets support data from multiple sheets and allow editing and recalculation.
Spreadsheets tell a similar story.
Spreadsheets Think of a spreadsheet as an electronic version of an accountant's analysis pad.
Spreadsheets use letters, called alpha, to label columns.
Spreadsheets work well for both budget and inventory management.
Spreadsheets work well for life tables.
Spreadsheets work with rows and columns, like a ledger book.
Spreadsheets often involve routine and repetitious steps that can be consolidated by use of a macro.
Spreadsheets often produce unsatisfactory figures, particularly with respect to labeling.
All spreadsheets are in html format unless noted otherwise.
All spreadsheets basically consist of a grid of cells .
All spreadsheets come with comprehensive analysis and automatic graphing and printing capabilities.
All spreadsheets follow a specific order of operations when processing formulas.
All spreadsheets have a variety of mathematical, statistical, and other function built in.
All spreadsheets have menu selections.
All spreadsheets work in essentially the same basic manner.
Every spreadsheet needs to be accepting connections.
Many spreadsheets also contain graphing functions, to present data in a visually appealing format.
Most spreadsheets incorporate powerful statistical tools enabling statistical analysis of data.
Most spreadsheets use the csv format.
Some spreadsheets are color coded.
Some spreadsheets can fit linear equations to data using a variety of methods.
Some spreadsheets export numeric fields with embedded spaces.
Spreadsheets programs can be valuable aids wherever numerical data is compared or summarized.
A spree killer is a serial murderer
Spree killers make homicide a full-time job.
Spree isa action.
Sprees take places.
Most sprees take places.
A sprig is a branch
Sprigs require almost the same amount of care as seeds for the first two weeks after planting.
Sprightly flowers have just the right amount of ruffling.
Spring air fills the universe and flowers are blossoming everywhere.
Spring Arbor is located in Jackson County Michigan.
Spring Arbor networks their courses with five other area colleges in program offerings.
Spring Arbor offers transportation to residents' local physicians.
Spring Azure Opens the throat chakra for greater self-expression.
Spring barley appears to be a good competitor.
Spring barley is a cool season grass like wheat.
Spring barley is an early cover crop that is similar to oats in growth characteristics.
Spring barley sowing Early establishment is vital for high yields.
Spring Bay has a small public parking lot.
Spring beauty has longer, narrower leaves than does Carolina spring beauty.
Spring beauty has small potato-like corms.
Spring beauty is a flower
Some spring blooms fade away in a few days or weeks.
A spring break is a pause
Spring break begins a week from today.
Spring break begins after last class.
Spring break begins at end of day.
Spring break begins at noon.
Spring break begins at the end of school today.
Spring break begins.
Spring Break begins.
Spring break brings hundreds of college students to the beaches.
Spring break brings summer blues Students have many views on spring break.
Spring break brings to mind ocean beaches and warm weather.
Spring break does cause some rates to go up.
Spring break ends at midnight.
Spring break ends.
Spring break is a distant memory as students look ahead to finals, graduation, and summer missions.
Spring break is a great time for students to visit new places and have fun.
Spring break is a Mecca for deviant behavior, perpetrated by the most unlikely people.
Spring break is a temping time when to hook up with other people and have sex with different people.
Spring break is a time meant for chilling.
Spring break is a time to let loose and have a little fun.
Spring break is a week of letting loose and getting wild and crazy.
Spring break is a week.
Spring Break is about fun, friendship, and a good time for all.
Spring Break is all about fun, friendship, and a good time for all.
Spring Break is all about the anti-academic.
Spring break is almost over, and thousands of students make the long journey back to Columbus.
Spring break is almost over.
Spring Break is almost over.
Spring Break is also a great time to take a road trip with friends.
Spring break is also a wild time.
Spring Break is always fun.
Spring break is an industry in itself.
Spring break is an issue for employees who have families.
Spring break is another answer.
Spring Break is as universal as apple pie.
Spring break is especially problematic.
Spring Break is for hooking up.
Spring break is fun so far.
Spring Break is gone.
Spring break is in a week.
Spring break is in one week.
Spring break is just around the corner and it is time for our third newsletter.
Spring break is just around the corner.
Spring Break is just around the corner.
Spring break is just the other side of next year.
Spring Break is more than just a vacation, of course.
Spring break is near.
Spring Break is notorious for crappy weather.
Spring break is officially over.
Spring break is often a time of experimentation and freedom from parents and routine.
Spring break is one of the highlights of the season.
Spring Break is one week.
Spring Break is one.
Spring Break is only moments away.
Spring break is only two and a half weeks away.
Spring break is over and everyone is looking forward to the prom, which is a mere six weeks away.
Spring break is over and everything's back to normal here in Austin.
Spring Break is over and the count-down to finals and graduation is on.
Spring break is over, and school is back in full swing.
Spring break is over.
Spring Break is over.
Spring break is right around the corner as most students start making big plans.
Spring break is right around the corner.
Spring Break is spent in Appalachia building and repairing homes for needy families.
Spring Break is the best time to go there.
Spring Break is the time of year when the nations college students descend on tropical destinations.
Spring break is traditionally a time to party hearty.
Spring break is usually the only time our family can take a vacation all year.
Spring Break is very crowded and warm.
Spring break lasts a whole week.
Spring break lasts about a month.
Spring break lasts seven days, but alternative breaks last a lifetime.
Spring break provides time for longer trips which are available to all geology students.
Spring breaks are about breakthroughs.
Spring breaks vary across the state, making a single set of times impossible.
Spring breezes begin to flow, sending fragrances through the air.
Spring breezes cares weeping willows.
A spring chicken is a chicken
Spring chickens are still scarce and bring fancy prices.
Spring City is a beautifully maintained course overlooking a large lake.
Spring City is located in Rhea County Tennessee.
Spring City likes traditional bluegrass with lots of mandolin and banjo breaks.
Spring cleaning are cleaning.
Spring cleaning can be a really big issue.
Spring cleaning can take on another meaning.
Spring cleaning clears away dust and cobwebs.
Spring cleaning comes immediately to mind.
Spring cleaning is a good idea at home and at church.
Spring cleaning is a great time to repair any nuisance items in the house as well.
Spring cleaning is in the air.
Spring cleaning is just around the corner.
Spring cleaning is more than physical work.
Spring cleaning is right around the corner.
Spring clip fastens the handle to the sampler and core poured out.
Spring clips are great little helpers for quick rudder removal.
Spring clips are located in cabinets.
Spring clips lock the fixture in place. .
Spring Creek cuts through the northwest part of the village.
Spring Creek is also a hot spot for fishing rainbow trout.
Spring Creek is by far the largest, and since it is spring-fed, often has exceptionally clear water.
Spring Creek is clear and in good shape.
Spring Creek is clear.
Spring Creek is family friendly.
Spring Creek is just north of the refuge.
Spring Creek is no longer a year round creek.
Spring Creek is the perfect way to enjoy the unforgettable Jackson Hole experience.
Spring Creek is uncrowded, unspoiled and safe.
Spring Creek meanders through the course.
Spring Creek offers the most variety of obstacles compared to any other national track.
Spring Creek provides a home to animals such as the platypus and a red spiny crayfish.
Spring creek provides a home to animals such as the platypus and the red spiny crayfish.
Spring creeks can provide some of the most challenging of trout fishing.
Spring creeks originate where ground water rises to the surface.
Spring crops produce plants.
Spring days are also perfect for long walkis on nearly secluded beaches.
Spring days are also perfect for long walks on nearly secluded beaches.
Spring days are bright.
Spring days are hot.
Spring days are just right.
Spring days are usually clear, sunny and mild.
Spring days are usually mild and warm.
Spring days are warmer and longer but the air is hazy at lower elevations.
Spring days can be stormy.
Some spring days feature rainy and cool weather.
Spring ephemerals carpet the woodland floor.
Spring ephemerals disappear until next year.
Spring ephemerals make up a large portion of the spring bloomers.
Many spring ephemerals attract seed-dispersing ants through the production of an elaiosome.
A spring equinox is an equinox
Spring equinox is a time of renewal.
Spring equinoxes are part of springs.
Most spring equinoxes are part of springs.
Spring fens are similar to water tracks with tree islands.
Spring Festival is a Chinese tradition festival.
Spring Festival is a cornerstone of Chinese culture.
Spring Festival is a time of renewal and rejoicing, when debts are retired and harmony celebrated.
Spring Festival is also a good time to connect with personal feelings.
Spring Festival is the Chinese New Year.
Spring Festival is the most important,grandest and the most long-lasting festival in China.
Spring fever hits gridiron .
Spring fever is a wonderful thing.
Spring fever is contagious.
Spring fever is in the air and kids are taking out their scooters, bikes and roller-skates.
Spring fever is underway.
Spring fever seems to have infected the hearts of promoters.
Spring fire uncovers the soil, so it warms sooner, thus extending the growing season.
Spring fires have a positive effect on flowering and seed set.
Spring flings are awesome.
Spring flowers are a special reward to spring hiking as the fall colors are to autumn hiking.
Spring flowers are abloom, and cherry orchards fill the air with their fragrant blossoms.
Spring flowers are abundant.
Spring flowers are often small, but colorful and bountiful.
Spring flowers are on their way, but the crowds are a long way off.
Spring flowers are one of our specialties.
Spring flowers are purplish, sometimes followed by edible fruit.
Spring flowers are unpleasantly fragrant.
Spring flowers are white and little.
Spring flowers are white to pink, followed by reddish berries.
Spring flowers are white, and dark green leaves turn wine red in fall.
Spring flowers are white.
Spring flowers beautify the more temperate regions already.
Spring flowers bloom and holidays are here.
Spring flowers bloom in late summer here.
Spring flowers display the most beautiful assortment of colors.
Spring flowers emerge.
Spring flowers grow as tall as towers, Eyes itch, and noses twitch when the pollen showers.
Spring flowers provide nectar.
Spring flowers serve as a good reminder.
Spring flowers symbolize the freshness and hope of new beginnings.
Spring flowers turn into crab apple size edible fruits, gather in late summer when fully ripe.
Spring flowers turn into crab apple size edible fruits, large inedible seed is said to be poisonous.
Most spring flowers provide nectar.
Spring force holds the workpiece while it is being machined.
Spring force is Absent.
Spring force is Present.
Spring force takes over and drives the valve to the opposite position.
Spring frost kills flowers.
Spring frost kills leaves.
Spring frost remains a concern as the apple and berry crops are already in bloom.
Spring frosts can be particularly damaging.
Spring frosts can eliminate or reduce fruit-set.
Spring frosts can injure newly emerging leaves and succulent stems.
Spring frosts tend to linger on, which shortens the growing season.
Spring games are mostly fun.
Spring games make no sense.
Spring green is colour.
Spring greens are a perfect contrast for the color and flavor of strawberries.
Spring greens are delicious raw in salads or cooked as a tasty side salad.
Spring greens figure prominently in the form of arugula, watercress and mustard greens.
Spring greens have a peppery flavor.
A spring gun is a gun
Spring gun is clamped onto equipment cart.
Spring guns are very reliable, and nice looking.
Spring hares feed on vegetation and live in underground warrens.
Spring harvest is steady.
Spring Hill has nothing to explain.
Spring Hill is in an affluent neighborhood and is a very nice place.
Spring Hill is just a great team.
Spring hills paint themselves with their own personality.
Spring Lake has magnetic mineral springs and is a great place to swim.
Spring Lake has several.
Spring Lake is a residence for several famous people.
Spring Lake is a terrific community.
Spring Lake is a tidy brown motel with connected rooms that resemble cottages.
Spring Lake is about four hours from the Beltway.
Spring Lake is also nearby.
Spring Lake is connected to the Grand River.
Spring Lake is different than the rest because about a quarter of the shoreline is wetland.
Spring Lake is directly to the back of the campground.
Spring Lake is easily accessible via public transportation.
Spring Lake is extremely walkable.
Spring Lake is located in one of the fastest growing areas of North Carolina.
Spring Lake is located in Ottawa County Michigan.
Spring Lake is only a one to one and a half hour drive from the Bay area.
Spring Lake is small town on the Atlantic coast, located between Philadelphia and New York City.
Spring Lake is surrounded by homes and has experienced elevated nutrient levels.
Spring Lake is very bad.
Spring Lake offers something for the whole family.
Spring lamb is especially delicious.
Spring lambs are ready to go.
Spring meeting dates available.
Spring migration takes places.
Spring Mountain is better and closer.
Spring Mountain is exactly one mile on the left.
Spring nights are busy for nocturnal animals.
Spring nights are cold, predators abound, and it is the most dangerous of times.
A spring onion is an onion
Spring onion is also a favorite condiment with that famous Chinese dish, Peking duck.
Spring onions are another viable early crop.
Spring onions represent the early growth of onions and are used in salads and for flavouring.
Spring Park is an ideal place for walking, jogging or tennis.
Spring Park is an ideal place for walking, jogging, or tennis.
Spring Park is well known for the various sulphur springs it contains.
Spring parsley is a member of the carrot family.
A spring peeper is a tree-frog
Spring peepers are amphibians.
Spring peepers are audible in the infrequent lulls of the machinery.
Spring peepers are beckoning mates, weeks before their namesake season arrives.
Spring peepers are loud in the bottoms.
Spring peepers are members of the treefrog family.
Spring peepers are tan or brown in color with dark lines that form a telltale X on their backs.
Spring peepers are thumbnail-sized frogs found primarily in the swamp forest.
Spring peepers are to the amphibian world what American robins are to the bird world.
Spring peepers bring vitality to the glen in the evening hours.
Spring peepers call in a high bell-like whistle.
Spring peepers live in forests and feast on mosquitoes and flies.
Spring pins are small metal tubes used in machine parts, stampings, and castings.
Spring plans Send off for bulbs to plant soon for colour next spring.
Spring rain awakens the earth and calls forth new life.
Spring rain makes for some sloopy riding.
Spring rains bring forth fresh flora, new shades of green and a rainbow of wildflowers.
Spring rains bring more than flowers.
Spring rains bring vegetation growth, providing breeding areas and additional food sources.
Spring rains can delay planting for any length of time.
Spring rains encourage a variety of desert wildflowers.
Spring rains extend the wildflower season.
Spring rains have the river running hard.
Spring rains help to provide additional nutrients that drive the base of the food chain.
Spring rains induce the toads to breed.
Spring rains keep rodent populations in check.
Spring rains wash spores of the fungus to newly emerging leaf tissue.
Spring rains wash the spores of the fungus onto the newly emerging leaf tissue.
Spring rate comes from various factors.
Spring rate is computed automatically.
Spring rate is controlled with a valve in the passage between the air chambers.
Spring rate is how much force is required to get the spring moving.
Spring rates are almost identical between the two.
Spring River is the title of chapter ten.
Spring roll is a dish
Spring roll is food.
Spring rolls are generally a good bet.
Spring rolls are particularly excellent, as are steamed shrimp pastries.
Spring rolls filled with banana, coconut, and macadamia are a little too crisply fried, though.
Most spring rolls are tired affairs overdone in hot oil.
Spring rush has the same grade point average requirement, however it is open to all students.
Spring rush is held immediately following the conclusion of formal rush.
Spring Rush is just around the corner.
Spring Rush is limited and done independently by Chapter.
Spring Rush is much less formal and consists only of informal meetings.
Spring salamanders prefer seeps, springs, fish-less headwaters, caves and cave streams.
Spring salmon are fish that have wintered under the ice after spawning the previous fall.
Spring salmon are the favoured prey and are highly sought after.
Spring salmon fight extremely well.
A spring scale is balance
Spring Scale Create a scale to compare the weights of different objects.
Spring scales are made with the assumption that they are being used on the surface of the Earth .
Spring scales are made with the assumption that they are being used on the surface of the Earth.
Spring season brings new life, and it makes renew.
Spring season gives women's soccer a chance to be noticed.
Spring season has the lightest load even though it has the most sports offered.
Spring season is five weeks long and four turkey tags are available per hunter.
Spring season is spent playing in local tournaments.
Spring season starts the new life cycle once more.
Spring snow goes through a fairly predictable cycle of stability throughout the day.
Spring snow is easy to ski, a gift for skier egos.
Spring steel is a useful metal in kinetic devices and stainless steel is corrosion-resistant.
Spring storms can bring damaging winds and threats of tornadoes.
Spring street is a one way street.
Spring sunshine warms surfaces.
Spring system is coil.
Spring thaw carries warmth and a wealth of panfish edibles into a lake, clear or dark watered.
Spring thaw exposes explosives under snow in Vladivostok.
Spring thaw provides huge volumes of water that runs very fast.
Spring thaws signal their journey back into the high country.
Spring theory is the correct path to mediate between particle and wave.
Spring tide is the high tide to set sail.
Spring tides are bigger, with higher high tides and lower low tides than neap tides.
Spring tides are generally higher than neap tides.
Spring tides are the highest and occur nearly one day and a half after new and full moon.
Spring tides are the largest tides.
Spring tides are the ones that rise and fall most.
Spring tides are very high and very low, neaps only moderate.
Spring tides coincide with the new and full moon.
Spring tides happen every two weeks.
Spring tides happen just after every full and new moon, when the sun, moon and earth are in line.
Spring tides move the water further up the rivers.
Spring tides occur a. at new moon and first quarter moon.
Spring tides occur approximately twice a month during the time of the Full Moon and the New Moon.
Spring tides occur around the times of full moon and new moon.
Spring tides occur at full moon and new moon.
Spring tides occur during the full moon and the new moon.
Some spring tide causes damage.
A spring training is preseason
Spring training are preseason.
Spring training bears little relationship to the regular season.
Spring Training Get the skinny on the rapidly approaching pre-season.
Spring training gives the hardcore fan a chance to see rookies and hot prospects.
Spring training is a time for boundless enthusiasm.
Spring training is about fun, after all.
Spring training is all about getting ready to play.
Spring training is another thing.
Spring training is as important for umpires as it is for players.
Spring training is different.
Spring training is fixed.
Spring training is here.
Spring training is in full swing.
Spring training is long.
Spring training is longer than three weeks.
Spring training is over.
Spring training is probably the hardest time of the year.
Spring training is supposed to be the time for optimism.
Spring training is supposed to provide some answers for teams hoping for healthy pitching staffs.
Spring training is very important.
Spring training occupies a kind of sacred status among baseball fans.
Spring training offers a rare opportunity for major league players.
Spring training's over now.
Spring vacation affords a time to visit many college campuses.
Spring vacation begins at end of classes.
Spring vacation begins at end of day.
Spring vacation begins at noon.
Spring vacation begins for students.
Spring vacation ends.
Spring vacation helps.
Spring vacation is a great time to read.
Spring vacation is an excellent time for pleasure reading.
Spring vacation is an ideal time to visit colleges.
Spring vacation is less problematic, since dormitories remain open during the entire spring recess.
Spring Valley is the only Rock County township to vote to stay dry, prohibit alcohol sales.
Spring water can never, ever by taken for granted.
Spring water can spring a slew of healthful results.
Spring water comes from a natural spring in the ground.
Spring water comes from a natural spring, such as an artesian well.
Spring water comes with or without fizz.
Spring water falls from the arch, creating a moist habitat that attracts wildlife.
Spring water flows throughout the lodge to form beautiful water cascades.
Spring water gives the best brew.
Spring water is a possible source for livestock at certain locations.
Spring water is a source of surface water and surface water is protected by Wisconsin law.
Spring water is available on all grass courts.
Spring water is collected in a concrete rectangular covered reservoir in the mountains.
Spring water is even better.
Spring water is free all day long.
Spring water is magnetized.
Spring water is the most popular on the market.
Spring water is used for both domestic and irrigation purposes.
Spring water is water
Spring water is water.
Spring water rises naturally to the surface from underground.
Spring water trickles from fractures in the rocks.
Spring wheat has better resistance than w inter wheat.
Spring wheat is especially vulnerable to the midge, but some winter wheat shows resistance.
Spring wheat is less competitive against wild oat compared to spring barley.
Spring wheat is more resistant to freezing than barley, which is more resistant than oats.
Spring wheat is planted in spring and harvested in early autumn.
Spring wheat is planted in the spring and harvested in late summer or early fall.
Spring wheat is preferred in cake flour, so it is more problematic.
Spring wheat is susceptible to tan spot while barley is a poor host.
Spring wheat is wheat.
Spring wood is formed early in the year, and has large lumens.
Spring workshops address topics from the government information system to youth services.
Spring accommodates our labors with brighter and longer days to get the work done.
Spring acts as a counter-weight and, therefore, as a pitch control.
Spring Adds organic matter, improves soil structure.
Spring allows a variety of options.
Spring also allows for competition at each position, and competition is a great motivator.
Spring also beckons outdoor lovers to the area's lush woodlands, now awakening with new life.
Spring also brings a flurry of activities in the horse industry.
Spring also brings a wonderful aroma to the air of maple sugaring .
Spring also brings changes in people's mood and nature.
Spring also brings election time.
Spring also brings other hazardous conditions including 'snow blindness'.
Spring also brings the construction season and a host of capital improvements.
Spring also brings with it another season of local high school sports.
Spring also brings with it the hope of new beginnings.
Spring also can be a short visitor with summer coming on strong.
Spring also finds the moose undergoing a shift in preferred habitat.
Spring also frees children that have been prisoners of heavy coats and woolen garb.
Spring also heralds the arrival of mosquitoes.
Spring also is a great time to plant new ornamental grasses.
Spring also marks the arrival of professional baseball players for pre-season training.
Spring also marks the beginning of fishing season.
Spring also means tax time.
Spring also means the arrival of tempting morsels from warmer climates.
Spring also means the start of baseball season.
Spring also offers some fantastic fishing offshore.
Spring also signals the arrival of a day everyone dreads tax day.
Spring also signals the start of the flea and tick season.
Spring appears and the huge snowpack melts all at once, flooding everything in sight.
Spring appears to be here, and with it comes that ritual purge known as spring-cleaning.
Spring appears to have finally arrived.
Spring approaches like a shy young girl here.
Spring arrives a month earlier than among the Illinois.
Spring arrives a week earlier in the northern hemisphere than it did a decade ago.
Spring arrives and it's time to leave the den.
Spring arrives earlier in Ticino and autumn lingers longer than in the rest of Switzerland.
Spring arrives early and finds colorful songbirds returning on their northward migration.
Spring arrives early and lasts long.
Spring arrives early and summer comes long before school is finished.
Spring arrives early in Wales.
Spring arrives early with a flood of floral variety.
Spring arrives fast and with a great thaw, a month or so long, and people go a touch crazy.
Spring arrives in one week.
Spring arrives in the southern hemisphere on Mars.
Spring arrives just a little later here in the mountains so there is a briskness to the air.
Spring arrives just as quickly.
Spring arrives late in Vermont.
Spring arrives when the earth is tilted so that the sun is directly over the equator.
Spring arrives with an abundance of beautiful wild flowers in high country meadows.
Spring attracts visitors for the stunning displays of California wildflowers.
Spring awakens the cherry blossoms in the orchards lining Flathead Lake.
Spring awakens the sap and brings maple sugar at the local sugarhouses.
Spring becomes fall.
Spring becomes summer and summer becomes an oven.
Spring becomes weaker as it is stretched.
Spring begins again.
Spring begins in one hemisphere, autumn in the other.
Spring begins in our northern hemisphere.
Spring begins in the northern hemisphere.
Spring begins in the southern hemisphere.
Spring begins on the day when the sun's center crosses the earth's equator.
Spring begins on the vernal equinox.
Spring begins the allergy season with the pollen of ash, birch, elm, hickory, and other trees.
Spring begins tomorrow.
Spring begins, and with it so is the earth reborn.
Spring begs the promise of renewal with lengthening days and bright flowers in bloom.
Spring being what it is, a chap gets urges.
Spring blooming bulbs are a wonderful way to welcome a new gardening season.
Spring blooming plants set flower buds in the late summer to fall period.
Spring brakes on both axles.
Spring break no lab.
Spring break off.
Spring breaks early and the hills are reborn with dogwood blossoms and wildflowers.
Spring breeds digital dreams .
Spring brings a blaze of bloom with three acres of azaleas, rhododendrons and species primroses.
Spring brings a bounty of delicate, fresh edibles, a welcome change from winter's heartier fare.
Spring brings a bunch of traditional activities.
Spring brings a feeling of rebirth, hence, the perfect time to begin the baseball season.
Spring brings a fusion of wild flowers and waterfalls.
Spring brings a greening of the valley floor, accented with emerging wild flowers.
Spring brings a host of daffodils and an astounding, colorful array of migrating birds.
Spring brings a host of daffodils and an astoundingly, colorful array of migratory birds.
Spring brings a magnificent wildflower display.
Spring brings a renewal of purpose and hope to our training.
Spring brings a repeat performance, which each year is just as invigorating.
Spring brings a run on tree pruners and push lawn mowers.
Spring brings a showing of daffodils and early blooming perennials.
Spring brings a symphony of green tones as well as wildflowers and roses everywhere.
Spring brings a wealth of wildflower bloom.
Spring brings a wealth of wildflower blooms.
Spring brings a wonderful display of azaleas and rhododendrons.
Spring brings about new life, new flowers, trees, etc.
Spring brings about rain and growing gardens with all types of plants.
Spring brings all the perennials popping out of the ground.
Spring brings all the pretty flowers out.
Spring brings an abundance of wildflowers to the valley.
Spring brings an eruption of color as all of the early flowers bloom.
Spring brings an explosion of colors as the trees and flowers burst into a rainbow of beauty.
Spring brings an impressive show of wildflowers.
Spring brings an incredible carpet of wildflowers that spreads across the forest floor and meadows.
Spring brings azaleas, camellias, daffodils, magnolias and much more.
Spring brings back canalboats.
Spring brings beautiful displays of wildflowers, fishing derbies, air shows and cottage shows.
Spring brings beauty all around through bulbs, bradford pears, redbuds and dogwoods blooming.
Spring brings calving, and the occasional wet snow or cold rain.
Spring brings camellias, azaleas, dogwoods and bulbs.
Spring brings colorful displays of wildflowers.
Spring brings comfortable conditions in the valley with skiing still available in the mountains.
Spring brings day lilies and jasmine, along with gladiolus and the leather leaf mahogany.
Spring brings dramatic weather.
Spring brings endless fields quilted with tulips and daffodils.
Spring brings excellent fishing for lake trout, walleye, northern, and smallmouth bass.
Spring brings families together.
Spring brings festivals, fishing, camping, picnics.
Spring brings fields of alfalfa and clover, favorites of deer.
Spring brings fisherman, campers, and hikers.
Spring brings flooding and muddy roads.
Spring brings flowering redbud, buckeye, and laurel to the foothills.
Spring brings fluctuations between cold, windy weather and pleasant warm days.
Spring brings forth another cycle of glory that's unfurled.
Spring brings grass and tree pollens, while fall brings weed pollens.
Spring brings hiking, biking and whitewater rafting.
Spring brings holy occasions focused on truth and new beginnings.
Spring brings in the countless migrants moving north to their breeding grounds.
Spring brings king bolete mushrooms to the mountains of northern California and eastern Oregon.
Spring brings life back to nature.
Spring brings lilies, hyacinths, daffodils, and tulips.
Spring brings lots of shop time filling orders and starting the retail show season.
Spring brings lust foliage with a backdrop of numerous lakes.
Spring brings many students to both the baseball field and the golf course.
Spring brings new growth in many ways.
Spring brings new life - budding flowers and grizzly bear cubs.
Spring brings new life as animals are born and eggs hatch.
Spring brings new life to the bays.
Spring brings new life to the mountains.
Spring brings new life.
Spring brings nicer weather, if a little unpredictable.
Spring brings occasional showers and mild, comfortable temperatures.
Spring brings occasional showers and the temperature is mild and comfortable.
Spring brings on a new area of concern.
Spring brings on new life, hope and anticipation.
Spring brings other hazards for unsuspecting pets, too.
Spring brings out a whole flotilla of new boaters to King County's lakes and rivers.
Spring brings out the best time of year in Eureka Springs.
Spring brings out the pink rhododendrons.
Spring brings picnics and flowers, sunshine and baseball.
Spring brings pleasant temperatures and blossoms.
Spring brings questions about when to use chemically treated soybean seeds for no-till.
Spring brings rain, milder temperatures and the promise of a great summer ahead.
Spring brings rain, occasional flooding, and blooming trees and flowers.
Spring brings rains and an explosion of floral color.
Spring brings renewal to all living things.
Spring brings rushing trout streams and the challenge of whitewater rafting.
Spring brings showers and new growth, warming to summer.
Spring brings snowmelt and mud to our mountain towns and early green to valley communities.
Spring brings softball for girls and lacrosse for boys.
Spring brings some of the simple pleasures, along with the rewards, of living simply.
Spring brings spawning runs for both northern pike and walleyes.
Spring brings spectacular displays of bluebells under the basswood stands along the river.
Spring brings spring break.
Spring brings sprint races.
Spring brings still more special events and packages.
Spring brings street patching and repairs.
Spring brings striped marlin and sails, summer roosterfish, dorado and tuna.
Spring brings students outdoors for baseball, crew, golf, lacrosse, tennis and track.
Spring brings sunlight and spring break.
Spring brings swimming, baseball, softball, and track.
Spring brings the auction season.
Spring brings the best water levels, but also kicks off a long blackfly season.
Spring brings the birth of new life back to the valley.
Spring brings the blossoms of dozens of varieties of flowers and shrubs.
Spring brings the Dutch tulips, but also heaps of tourists.
Spring brings the glorious new blooms of mountain laurel and rhododendron.
Spring brings the lilacs.
Spring brings the possibility of heavy wet snow and rainy days.
Spring brings the release of pollens and many seasonal irritants.
Spring brings the traditional women's softball, men's tennis, and men's baseball season.
Spring brings thoughts of students returning home for the summer.
Spring brings thoughts of summer vacations away from the travails of everyday life.
Spring brings thousands of tulips and daffodils.
Spring brings ubiquitous baetis hatches and the trout group up for spawning as well.
Spring brings unlimited possibilities for the adventurous cyclist.
Spring brings vast numbers of wildflowers to the mountains and the plains.
Spring brings warm southern breezes, spring showers and water everywhere.
Spring brings warm weather and for many the season when brewing ends.
Spring brings waterfalls cascading into the Virgin River - the force that carved Zion Canyon.
Spring brings wildflowers and blooming cactus.
Spring brings wildflowers including bright red patches of Indian paintbrush.
Spring brings wildflowers to the meadows and winter presents a village frozen in icicles and time.
Spring brings wildflowers, great fishing, and migrating song birds.
Spring brings with it new hope for a good year on the farm.
Spring brings with it terrific growth.
Spring brings with it the beauty of abundant wildflowers and wildlife.
Spring brings with it the hope of new life and better times ahead.
Spring brings with it vibrant flowers, balmy weather, the end of the school year.
Spring brings with it warmer, longer days and, much to the chagrin of astronomers, shorter nights.
Spring burning for pest management also controls most diseases.
Spring calls up the Winds.
Spring can also be a good time to contact a big fish or two.
Spring can be a very productive time here in the mountains of western North Carolina.
Spring can be an additional factor.
Spring can be an important time to set goals and establish a realistic workout plan.
Spring can be blustery and freezing as well.
Spring can be changeable and wet.
Spring can be cool and wet.
Spring can be mixed.
Spring can be our most unpredictable season.
Spring can be pretty, but the weather is windy and changeable.
Spring can be so awful.
Spring can be spectacular as wild flowers are plentiful along the trail.
Spring can be the best time of the year for fishing and catching fish.
Spring can be very changeable.
Spring can be very muddy, especially along the lake.
Spring can come quickly or sometimes it is very slow in arriving.
Spring can do that.
Spring can lead to clothing confusion.
Spring can often send people into misery as they struggle to control their allergies.
Spring can star delphiniums in unimaginable hues and other showy flowers.
Spring can t come to the winter valley.
Spring causes a desire to hikes.
Spring celebrates the possibility of rebirth, and also of balance.
Spring certainly does bring some exciting moments for students.
Spring certainly is the best time for park day.
Spring certainly seems a long way off.
Spring clean the garden.
Spring clean up Remove trees, brush, leaves and junk.
Spring clean up.
Spring cleaning around our house means more than windows.
Spring cleaning sewer lines Now is the time of year that things really take off and start to grow.
Spring Climbing Spring Climbing Spring Climbing Spring is an exhilarating season in New England.
Spring Climbing Spring Climbing Spring is an exhilarating season in New England.
Spring comes a full month earlier there than in northern Illinois.
Spring comes abruptly and weights, particularly of pregnant females, increase rapidly.
Spring comes alive with vast expanses of dogwood, rhododendrons, and azaleas.
Spring comes and the ground is prepared for the seed.
Spring comes back every year.
Spring comes closer, start to try different stones.
Spring comes early and fall comes late, and the gentle rain keeps the area green and lush.
Spring comes early and fall comes late, and the gentle rains keep the area clean and lush.
Spring comes early but is cool and autumn is long and warm.
Spring comes early here and autumns are very sunny.
Spring comes early in India.
Spring comes early to Charleston.
Spring comes early to Cornwall.
Spring comes early to the lower hot, dry slopes with plants responding to the short, moist season.
Spring comes early, and the trees and hedges burst into life with a plethora of wildlife.
Spring comes early, and there is almost no summer rain.
Spring comes early, except at higher elevations.
Spring comes early.
Spring comes every year and new life suddenly abounds.
Spring comes first in people's hearts.
Spring comes from five different layers.
Spring comes from the South.
Spring comes grass grow by itself.
Spring Comes in Shooting.
Spring comes late and winter comes early.
Spring comes late here and summers are moderately warm, though humid.
Spring comes late in the mountains.
Spring comes later and is cooler than in central parts of Poland.
Spring comes later, and the afternoons are cooler.
Spring comes quickly to Russia.
Spring comes rather slowly and is short.
Spring comes slowly to the Buffalo area.
Spring comes slowly to the District of Columbia.
Spring comes slowly to the region.
Spring comes sooner and fall stays longer.
Spring comes through with flying colors.
Spring comes to Locust Grove, the zoo's one-two polar punch, and souping up downtown's streets.
Spring comes to Southern Vermont earlier than to our northern neighbors.
Spring comes to the sugar woods.
Spring comes to Uranus .
Spring comes with a rush in the Arctic.
Spring comes with flowers, winter with snow.
Spring comes with the promise of new things.
Spring comes, and the grass grows by itself.
Spring comes, and the issue of batch tokens raises it's head.
Spring comes, the grass grows by itself.
Spring comes, things thaw out, and the ground gets softer.
Spring connotes the vigorous health associated with youth.
Spring dances a jig.
Spring demands the extra few sprays to protect emerging buds and tender new growth.
Spring does have some unique benefits for gamers though.
Spring does have some unique benefits for gamers.
Spring does that to one.
Spring does that.
Spring drumming counts did decline in northern Minnesota and northern Wisconsin, but only slightly.
Spring encourages the senses to work overtime.
Spring even years Cultural heritage of Spanish America.
Spring everywhere is about growth and renewal.
Spring explodes in a multi-hued kaleidoscope of flowers.
Spring fails in extreme dry weather.
Spring features cherry-blossom rice.
Spring fed waters keep our lakes clean and clear.
Spring feeding on tender shoots causes mortality of terminals resulting in forked trunks.
Spring feeds into Warm River.
Spring feels along way away.
Spring feels just around the corner.
Spring feels like soft flower petals.
Spring fills all the air.
Spring fills our backyard with blooms.
Spring fills the garden with daffodils, wild primroses, bluebells and flamboyant rhododendrons.
Spring finally arrives, even to the northern most areas of the country.
Spring finally comes to Michigan.
Spring finds Daffodil Hill bursting with blooms.
Spring finds flowering trees in full bloom, perfect for an outdoor wedding.
Spring finds six new pups, but their mother dies.
Spring finds wildflowers blooming and fall sets the foliage ablaze with color.
Spring Fling Get ready for spring and summer activities.
Spring Fling organizers hope for as large a turnout as possible.
Spring flowering blubs, such as tulips, daffodils, and crocus die back soon after flowering.
Spring flowering bulbs are easy to grow and provide years of enjoyment.
Spring flowering bulbs are heavy feeders.
Spring flowering bulbs go in the ground now, in the fall.
Spring flowering bulbs include daffodils, crocus, hyacinth, narcissus, jonquils and others.
Spring flowering bulbs supply abundant color.
Spring flowering trees and shrubs, as well as peaches, nectarines and apricots, are susceptible.
Spring follows immediately, announcing itself by another milestone, the Academy Awards.
Spring follows winter follows autumn follows summer follows spring, etc.
Spring follows winter, and there can be no new growth without the death of the old.
Spring follows winter.
Spring follows with apple blossoms, wild daffodils in the woods, and The Tulip Festival in Holland.
Spring follows, thankfully, with flowers, birds and breezes.
Spring generally comes early, heralded by a host of golden daffodils.
Spring generally is the appropriate pruning time.
Spring generally means a mix of warm, sunny and rainy days.
Spring germinated seeds generally have a higher survival rate than seeds which germinate in summer.
Spring gives way to beautifully colored flowers after a long winter of cold, wind and snow.
Spring goes in like a lion and comes out like a lamb.
Spring goes so fast.
Spring growing conditions allow the newly-divided plants to establish firmly.
Spring Hanging Baskets Create a gorgeous hanging basket full of multi-coloured flowers.
Spring has a mushroom top.
Spring has a very active and aggressive marketing plan.
Spring has a very strong balance sheet, good market positions, and an excellent brand.
Spring has beauty of mild days and cool nights great for hiking and spring skiing.
Spring has many American faces.
Spring has many bright, crisp, sunny days with comfortable temperatures.
Spring has marvelous sights to see.
Spring has our family in full gear.
Spring has potential energy.
Spring has special romance in Europe.
Spring has Sprung - and and the rain is falling.
Spring has Sprung and so has our site.
Spring has sprung, the grass has ris, outside is where the fun is.
Spring has sprung, the grass is riz.
Spring has Sprung. . .
Spring has Sprung.
Spring has star dangling earrings with short diamond ones on top.
Spring has the freshness smell.
Spring has the kids playing more and more outside.
Spring has well and truly arrived here.
Spring heralds the onset of reproduction in many avian species.
Spring hinge allows smooth hole closings.
Spring hinge temples provide additional comfort.
Spring holds such a promise of tomorrow.
Spring holds the promise of great hunting and fishing in the year ahead.
Spring holds tight to the last of the flowers, a wisp of cloud, and a cool breeze.
Spring however is time to find a big bull dolphin offshore.
Spring hunting for gobblers only occurs statewide.
Spring includes coed track and field, baseball, and softball.
Spring Includes one lab per week.
Spring Investigates the attraction and satisfaction of making multiple copies of an artwork.
Spring is a beautiful time on campus and in the Napa Valley.
Spring is a beautiful time on campus.
Spring is a beautiful, and popular, time to visit the Czech Republic.
Spring is a beautiful, green time of year.
Spring is a better time to buy houseplants.
Spring is a blessed and happy time for trees.
Spring is a busy time around the lake as the hummingbirds and swallows return to nest.
Spring is a busy time as migrants flock in to gather food exposed by the melting ice.
Spring is a busy time at the Village.
Spring is a busy time here in Tennessee, as it is in most places.
Spring is a busy time in the orchards and vineyards when there are crosses to be made.
Spring is a busy time of year for the small business community.
Spring is a children's screensaver game designed for fun and learning.
Spring is a crucible of colours.
Spring is a delightful explosion of wild flowers and roaring waterfalls.
Spring is a delightful time to travel in Greece.
Spring is a difficult time to get satisfactory control of most perennial weeds.
Spring is a fabulous time of year.
Spring is a fantastic time to view migrating birds .
Spring is a fantastic time when it comes to fashion.
Spring is a favorite time of year.
Spring is a favourite season on the farm, when new life springs up in every field and pasture.
Spring is a favourite time.
Spring is a festive time in Bangladesh.
Spring is a flower show extraordinaire.
Spring is a glorious time.
Spring is a good choice to view budding cacti.
Spring is a good mother.
Spring is a good season.
Spring is a good time for beach lovers and non-anglers.
Spring is a good time for motorists and cyclists to enjoy peaceful and natural scenes.
Spring is a good time for new beginnings.
Spring is a good time for soft-plastic jerk baits.
Spring is a good time for spring cleaning.
Spring is a good time for wildflowers.
Spring is a good time of year to do lawn work.
Spring is a good time to add citrus trees to the landscape, but they can be planted year-round.
Spring is a good time to assess the water and wetness associated with a trail.
Spring is a good time to control poison ivy and poison oak plants.
Spring is a good time to do major pruning.
Spring is a good time to donate research like that to people who can use it.
Spring is a good time to fertilize grass pastures.
Spring is a good time to go look and listen for turkeys since it s breeding season.
Spring is a good time to learn to snowboard.
Spring is a good time to plant fall-blooming perennials as well.
Spring is a good time to see if plants are potbound.
Spring is a good time to seed and fertilize bare spots in the lawn from winter damage.
Spring is a good time to spot green-winged teal.
Spring is a good time to survey predator populations because most predators are caring for young.
Spring is a good time to view serpentinite associated plant species.
Spring is a good time to visit colleges.
Spring is a good time to watch crews repair winter damage.
Spring is a good time to work out a plan for getting that handicap down.
Spring is a great sight.
Spring is a great time for collaborative projects on the Web.
Spring is a great time for landscaping.
Spring is a great time for soccer.
Spring is a great time for things new and renew.
Spring is a great time for viewing wildlife.
Spring is a great time of optimism for most mushers.
Spring is a great time of the year in Connecticut.
Spring is a great time of the year to spark the interest of our children in science.
Spring is a great time of year go outside and learn.
Spring is a great time of year to be in the field.
Spring is a great time to be outdoors.
Spring is a great time to enjoy a multitude of outdoor activities.
Spring is a great time to experience Grand Canyon style water in West Virginia.
Spring is a great time to explore growth and change.
Spring is a great time to fly.
Spring is a great time to get out and enjoy the warm sunshine.
Spring is a great time to plant grass seed.
Spring is a great time to plant perennials, shrubs and new trees, too.
Spring is a great time to play in Spokane and courses open as soon as weather permits.
Spring is a great time to see lots of different species of birds.
Spring is a great time to see the bears before they move to higher elevations.
Spring is a great time to see the WMAs because so much is going on.
Spring is a great time to tackle new projects.
Spring is a great time to try something new.
Spring is a great time to visit Amelia Island.
Spring is a great time to visit and see what the future has in store.
Spring is a great time to visit because of the wildflowers.
Spring is a great time to visit, with fresh new growth in the meadows.
Spring is a great time to visit.
Spring is a great time.
Spring is a grinning saboteur.
Spring is a happy season.
Spring is a high frequency birthday time.
Spring is a joy, with an abundance of wild flowers.
Spring is a joy.
Spring is a lot of fun.
Spring is a magical time with the melting snow and new blossoms to awaken the soul.
Spring is a more distant hope in Ontario.
Spring is a most ideal time to go strolling in the area.
Spring is a natural time for making flower pots.
Spring is a natural time to study plants.
Spring is a nice time for enlightenment.
Spring is a nice time of year to see the desert.
Spring is a particularly beautiful season here.
Spring is a particularly good time to begin an organized fire ant management program.
Spring is a peak time because people are trying to come over here and work.
Spring is a perfect time for long walks and observing nature as it reawakens and blossoms.
Spring is a perfect time to find a new place for outgrown stuff.
Spring is a perfect time to start or add to brush piles.
Spring is a place where water flows naturally from rock onto the land surface.
Spring is a pleasant time of the year to visit.
Spring is a popular season for fishing trips by canoe or boat.
Spring is a positive time to take an action that can make a difference.
Spring is a really fun time to be here.
Spring is a refreshing time of year.
Spring is a relaxing time to visit our area.
Spring is a restless time.
Spring is a schizophrenic time for the sports fan.
Spring is a season canoeists always just miss.
Spring is a season known for rebirth and an inordinate number of religious holidays.
Spring is a season of change.
Spring is a season of promise and renewal.
Spring is a season of promise, and possibility.
Spring is a season that love can visit.
Spring is a season that regales all of the senses.
Spring is a season
Spring is a seasonal time of hope and rebirth.
Spring is a selling time for home furnishings professionals everywhere.
Spring is a showstopper with azaleas, dogwoods and hundreds of bulbs in bloom.
Spring is a sign of renewal.
Spring is a special time in Denali.
Spring is a sure sign of better running days to come.
Spring is a symbol of hope and vitality.
Spring is a teaser.
Spring is a time for baby animals.
Spring is a time for cleansing.
Spring is a time for events at school.
Spring is a time for flowers to grow And baby birds to grow.
Spring is a time for gardening, salad luncheons, yard work, fresh asparagus and rhubarb.
Spring is a time for graduations and a time for naturally being concerned about one's future.
Spring is a time for nature's renewal and a chance to rediscover our own links to the natural world.
Spring is a time for new beginnings and counting our blessings.
Spring is a time for new beginnings.
Spring is a time for new foliage on the trees and a valley full of vibrant wild flowers.
Spring is a time for optimism and fresh starts.
Spring is a time for planting.
Spring is a time for rejuvenation.
Spring is a time for renewal and hope.
Spring is a time for renewal.
Spring is a time for vibrant renewal.
Spring is a time of anticipation and outdoor fun.
Spring is a time of beauty, warmth and change.
Spring is a time of big changes in the redwood forest.
Spring is a time of change.
Spring is a time of emergence, of new life, of optimism and of joy.
Spring is a time of growth.
Spring is a time of hope and promise.
Spring is a time of hope for baseball players and fans.
Spring is a time of joyous anticipation of the birth and growth of things to come.
Spring is a time of much activity and color.
Spring is a time of new awakenings.
Spring is a time of new beginnings and fresh approaches.
Spring is a time of new beginnings, and often-new romances.
Spring is a time of new beginnings.
Spring is a time of new growth.
Spring is a time of optimism, re-birth, growth and renewal.
Spring Is a time of potential.
Spring is a time of rebirth in nature, when the habitats go through a remarkable transformation.
Spring is a time of rebirth throughout the center, often including additions to our family.
Spring is a time of rebirth, renewal, and many blessings.
Spring is a time of rebirth.
Spring is a time of reemergence, a time of growth and return.
Spring is a time of renewal after the harsh realities of winter.
Spring is a time of renewal and birth.
Spring is a time of renewal and new things.
Spring is a time of renewal and rebirth.
Spring is a time of renewal, nature's loving promise of eternal life.
Spring is a time of renewal.
Spring is a time of sunshine and freshness, reflection and renewal.
Spring is a time of the Earth's renewal, a rousing of nature after the cold sleep of winter.
Spring is a time of the season when barometric pressure can make or break a fishing trip.
Spring is a time to clean out the old and bring in the new.
Spring is a time to nurture young life.
Spring is a time to prepare for summer.
Spring is a time to reflect on new hopes and dreams, a time to plant new seeds.
Spring is a time to smile.
Spring is a time to start afresh.
Spring is a time to start fresh and try new things.
Spring is a time to start thinking about sprucing up the house and yard.
Spring is a time to work on rhythm.
Spring is a time when a lot of people get involved with home improvement.
Spring is a time when flowers bloom if the winter and fall had enough rain that year.
Spring is a time when many animals build houses.
Spring is a time when many baby animals are born.
Spring is a time when the storms come but are followed by grass and flowers and verdancy.
Spring is a time when the woods are home to various flowers, fungi and young animals.
Spring is a time where different people can put on their summer clothes.
Spring is a traditional time for clearing out closets and storing winter gear.
Spring is a transitional season in New Mexico.
Spring is a tricky time of year for allergy sufferers because of the fluctuating temperatures.
Spring is a variety of spring cake and is more exquisitely made.
Spring is a very beautiful season, full of color and life.
Spring is a very busy season for most people, at home, at work, at school, at play.
Spring is a very flirtatious time.
Spring is a very good time to visit Salt Lake City.
Spring is a very nice time of the year to make things grow.
Spring is a very prettymonth because the trees and flowers are starting to bloom.
Spring is a very wet season and all of that rain has to go somewhere.
Spring is a very wet season in that part of the south.
Spring is a well-kept secret in Yellowstone Country.
Spring is a wonderful season.
Spring is a wonderful time for taking long walks and observing nature as it reawakens and blossoms.
Spring is a wonderful time of the year.
Spring is a wonderful time to be outdoors and watch the rebirth of nature.
Spring is a wonderful time to study the motion and design unit.
Spring is a wonderful time to visit Naples - even without breaking the bank.
Spring is a wonderful time to visit.
Spring is ablaze with wildflowers, and fall provides some of the finest weather of the year.
Spring is about beginnings, removing the old to make way for the new.
Spring is about driving around with the windows rolled down.
Spring is about life.
Spring is about rebirth and rediscovery.
Spring is about to be here and pastel colors along with floral scents are very popular.
Spring is acceptable but more problems can emerge with weeds and summer stress.
Spring is adjustable to individual needs.
Spring is alive with color.
Spring is all about eye-popping geometric prints.
Spring is all wet and squishy and full of new young growing things, so weak and fragile.
Spring is allergy season, staring with the flowering of the feather yellow acacia tree.
Spring is almost everywhere.
Spring is almost here and love is in the air.
Spring is almost here and with it comes exciting plans for tree planting opportunities.
Spring is almost here, and the movie and DVD release season has become, well, tepid.
Spring is almost here, and with it the start of the baseball and softball seasons.
Spring is almost here, so remember, an ounce of preparation is worth a pound of panic.
Spring is almost here.
Spring is already here but clouds are still in the sky.
Spring is already here, and Have to get people lined up to do the foundation,etc.
Spring is already here, but there are still many more winters to come.
Spring is already here.
Spring is also a difficult time to stay focused.
Spring is also a fragile time.
Spring is also a good time to learn more about weather and clouds.
Spring is also a good time to take a walk on the service roads around some of the smaller lakes.
Spring is also a good time to thatch and over-seed the lawn.
Spring is also a great time for Trout Fishing on our Home Lake.
Spring is also a great time for watching moose and other wildlife.
Spring is also a great time to go.
Spring is also a great time to teach our children about science and nature.
Spring is also a great time to think fishing.
Spring is also a great time to visit our communities.
Spring is also a popular time.
Spring is also a quieter time of year, when the blossom appears and the city can be quite beautiful.
Spring is also a time for all educators to be thinking about their ongoing professional development.
Spring is also a time for special foods and special eating.
Spring is also a time of choices and passions.
Spring is also a time of finding new love, which often leads to a new beginning.
Spring is also a time of nesting for many birds.
Spring is also a time of new spiritual beginnings.
Spring is also a variable season.
Spring is also a wonderful time to ski in the Arctic.
Spring is also a wonderful time.
Spring is also an exceptional time to visit the area for birding in the fields.
Spring is also an exciting time for bird watchers.
Spring is also ideal to fertilize shrubs.
Spring is also prom time for the teenage set.
Spring is also the perfect time to see New York City.
Spring is also the season for boat care.
Spring is also the season of blending.
Spring is also the season when most our animals breed their posterity.
Spring is also the time for bees, spiders and other bugs.
Spring is also the time for swarms of termites and carpenter ants.
Spring is also the time for the magnolia to begin to show what it can do.
Spring is also the time for the most thunderstorm activity, especially in the Midwest.
Spring is also the time of year when pregnant women emerge in large numbers.
Spring is also the time when fixtures such as signs, benches, steps etc.
Spring is also the time when most fish spawn.
Spring is also the time when soil testing laboratories are overloaded with samples.
Spring is also the time when tortoise juveniles are most active.
Spring is also time for the sweet Vidalia onion, and carmelized Vidalia onions are a real treat.
Spring is also very appealing, because at that time the wild flowers are in full bloom.
Spring is also when most animal babies are born.
Spring is also when most people sell their used kayaks.
Spring is also when the phrase 'cooler near the lake' becomes a weather forecast stand by.
Spring is always a beautiful time of the year in the display Garden.
Spring is always an exciting time of year.
Spring is always beautiful and the autumn days are perfect for hunting, fishing and camping.
Spring is always like what it used to be.
Spring is always very welcome, but short.
Spring is an active time of growth for plants and pests.
Spring is an active time of the year for everyone and everything.
Spring is an active time of the year for the male birds, who are noisy wooers.
Spring is an avid movie and music fanatic.
Spring is an awakening time with flowers and green everywhere.
Spring is an awesome time.
Spring is an especially exciting time of year for students.
Spring is an especially pleasant time to walk the trail.
Spring is an especially wonderful time of year for an outdoor wedding.
Spring is an excellent time for cleansing the body and revitalizing energy.
Spring is an excellent time to divide perennials.
Spring is an excellent time to do it.
Spring is an excellent time to establish a ground cover.
Spring is an excellent time to see Vicksburg.
Spring is an excellent time to stock fish in recreational ponds.
Spring is an exciting time for gardeners.
Spring is an exciting time here.
Spring is an exciting time to observe goslings, waterfowl in breeding plumage, and songbirds.
Spring is an explosion in all of Russia, and particularly at Lake Baikal.
Spring is an ideal time for planting daylilies.
Spring is an ideal time to plant new citrus trees.
Spring is an ideal time to take a close look at nature and ponder the miracles.
Spring is an ideal time to visit Grass River Natural Area.
Spring is an important time for parents and the school district to prepare for kindergarten.
Spring is an uneasy time for the sports fan.
Spring is announced by the boom of the prairie chicken.
Spring is another favourable time of the year to hunt sambar deer.
Spring is another good time for shoulder improvements.
Spring is another preferred season for the visiting public.
Spring is approximately the eighth largest in state.
Spring is arguably the best time to catch large trout in still waters across the country.
Spring is around the corner.
Spring is artwork.
Spring is associated with an eastern direction and the dawn.
Spring is at hand.
Spring is avalanche time.
Spring is back again today.
Spring is back in Eastern Kentucky.
Spring is backward, summer short and hot, and the autumn mild and pleasant.
Spring is balmy and mild while autumn is refreshing and cool.
Spring is barely two weeks away and the azaleas are blooming in Louisiana.
Spring is beautiful and summer is hot.
Spring is beautiful in Cambridge.
Spring is beautiful in the after noon breeze.
Spring is beautiful with mild days and cool nights.
Spring is beautiful.
Spring is beeyooootiful.
Spring is beginnings.
Spring is best for planting and late spring is best for seeding.
Spring is best for watching migration, courting and mating, nest building, and spring molting.
Spring is best for wildflowers and late fall is usually manageable, temperature-wise.
Spring is best time to plant, when it is cool and moist.
Spring is best, with fall as a second choice where soil temps stay warm for a while.
Spring is big bass time.
Spring is blossoming, so reservations are already at a premium.
Spring is bodies of water.
Spring is brief, but heartily appreciated.
Spring is brief, with warm days and cool nights, making for excellent sightseeing.
Spring is busiest.
Spring is busy with planting, calving and caring for the animals.
Spring is but a few months away.
Spring is but two months away and the days are getting longer.
Spring is by and large warm.
Spring is by definition a time of renewal.
Spring is California's most colorful time.
Spring is capable of bounce.
Spring is certainly here and with warm weather comes the emergence of mosquitoes.
Spring is close and summer is just around the corner.
Spring is college fair time.
Spring is comfortable but often arrives late.
Spring is comfortable.
Spring is cool.
Spring is creeks.
Spring is definately in the air.
Spring is definitely already here in Houston.
Spring is definitely here.
Spring is definitely in the air.
Spring is definitely long overdue.
Spring is definitely on the verge of being sprung.
Spring is definitely shallow water time for bass.
Spring is definitely the best season to visit Greece.
Spring is definitely the time to catch bigger fish, shallower.
Spring is different.
Spring is dominated by lacrosse for both girls and boys, but competitive tennis is also offered.
Spring is downhill to the west.
Spring is dry and clear.
Spring is dry and windy with rainfall varying greatly from year to year.
Spring is easy to love - and easy to share.
Spring is entirely natural.
Spring is especially beautiful with the wildflowers in bloom.
Spring is especially lovely in some places with the abundance of wildflowers blooming.
Spring is especially lovely, with dogwoods in bloom, and the weather is usually sunny.
Spring is every fishermen's favorite time of year.
Spring is everywhere.
Spring is evidence of the natural process of rebirth.
Spring is excellent for canoeing the Green River.
Spring is exciting as the plants all bloom.
Spring is extremely wet, often causing dangerous landslides and floods.
Spring is extremely windy.
Spring is far and away the best-looking season.
Spring is far off on the horizon.
Spring is fast approaching and that means all kinds of reasons to celebrate.
Spring is fast approaching.
Spring is filled with cherry blossoms.
Spring is finally here and life is good.
Spring is finally here and the chill and snow of winter have finally gone.
Spring is finally here and the winds are picking up.
Spring is finally here and what better excuse to reduce the clutter than by spring cleaning.
Spring is finally here, and with it comes sunny days and a world of fresh possibilities.
Spring is finally here.
Spring is fine in itself.
Spring is for baseball.
Spring is for birdwatching and more shelling, and the fall fishing is great.
Spring is for golfing, fishing and planting.
Spring is for happy, flowery fragrances like rose, jasmine, bela, molsari , etc.
Spring is for kite flying.
Spring is for regaining hope and letting go.
Spring is found near the summer months, Summer near the autumn months, and so on.
Spring is fresh .
Spring is full of colorful azaleas.
Spring is full of fiery red poppies, purple irises, emerald vineyards and golden fireflies at night.
Spring is fun.
Spring is generally a brief transition period.
Spring is generally mild and wet, alternating between beautiful and unpredictable.
Spring is generally pleasant though unsettled, with rapid changes in temperature and sudden showers.
Spring is generally pleasant with temperatures rising steadily making Boston summers warm and sunny.
Spring is generally the best time to document a pool by the obligate species method.
Spring is generally windy and wet with a warm summer and a mild fall.
Spring is glorious in our nation's smallest state.
Spring is gone and summer as well.
Spring is gone, and still no pop.
Spring is good, too, but in fall there's a heavy concentration of hunters.
Spring is gorgeous in the Green Mountains, as they come alive after a hard winter.
Spring is great.
Spring is green, filled with tulips, crocus and other flowers.
Spring is hands-down the best time of the year at Georgetown.
Spring is hands-down the best time to visit Denmark.
Spring is heralded by grand tulips and daffodils.
Spring is heralded by the return of the long-billed curlew and burrowing owls.
Spring is here - as well as the troublesome allergy season.
Spring is here . . .
Spring is here .
Spring Is Here A salute to the vernal equinox.
Spring is here again and graduation is soon coming.
Spring is here again.
Spring is here and a great time to clean out and donate unwanted items.
Spring is here and all the trees are starting to bloom and flowers coming out.
Spring is here and antsy anglers are anxious to toss flies at rising trout.
Spring is here and every body plays outside.
Spring is here and flowers are in full bloom.
Spring is here and gardens are bustling with activity.
Spring is here and good times are ahead.
Spring is here and hope springs eternal.
Spring is here and in typical Wyoming fashion.
Spring is here and is rapidly moving into summer.
Spring is here and it is time for booster shots.
Spring is here and it's time to fish.
Spring is here and lambs are being born.
Spring is here and many area residents are weeding their gardens.
Spring is here and our columnists are coming out of hibernation.
Spring is here and promises all the pleasures of the seasons to come.
Spring is here and recycling is in the air.
Spring is here and signals a time of renewal.
Spring is here and so are our timesaving tips.
Spring is here and so are the ants, marching in by the droves.
Spring is here and so are the dandelions.
Spring is here and so is planting season.
Spring is here and summer is around the corner.
Spring is here and Summer is around the corner.
Spring is here and summer is coming.
Spring is here and summer is just around the corner.
Spring is here and summer is on the way.
Spring is here and summer vacation is at the door.
Spring is here and team practices have begun.
Spring is here and that means baseball season has begun.
Spring is here and that means baseball, softball, and outdoor track and field.
Spring is here and the birds are singing.
Spring is here and the fishing is hot.
Spring is here and the Gala Buffet is right around the corner.
Spring is here and the pollen piles up like snowdrifts.
Spring is here and the pool season is around the corner.
Spring is here and the rains have come.
Spring is here and the season has begun.
Spring is here and the tulip fields are in bloom.
Spring is here and the wardrobe is empty.
Spring is here and the weather is very conducive to travel.
Spring is here and the world appears ready to bloom again with new life, new hope, new wonders.
Spring is here and there's lots to do in the garden.
Spring is here and there's no better place to be than in North Carolina naturally.
Spring is here and things are starting to bloom.
Spring is here and with it comes thoughts of gardening.
Spring is here and with it the beginning of our trolling season.
Spring is here and with it yard work.
Spring is here and with it, new beginnings.
Spring is here at last.
Spring is here great.
Spring is here in full bloom on our Spring Page .
Spring is here in upstate New York.
Spring is here now and all the blossoms and bulbs are looking really pretty.
Spring is here once again.
Spring is here right now, and the water is warming up and the days are getting longer.
Spring Is Here Spring is here.
Spring is here to help individuals and organisations in changing employment landscape.
Spring is here with summer on the way.
Spring is here with the promise of new beginnings.
Spring is here, alright.
Spring is here, and a number of games have already been stopped or cancelled because of lightning.
Spring is here, and it s time for Thunder Bay residents to start beautifying their neighbourhoods.
Spring is here, and it's time to start our bedding plants for the garden.
Spring is here, and it's time to watch out for home improvement con artists.
Spring is here, and most foragers' fancies turn to thoughts of morels.
Spring is here, and music is in the air.
Spring is here, and recreational boating activity is about to intensify.
Spring is here, and shorts season is coming.
Spring is here, and so are the new suits.
Spring is here, and so is tick season across America and in many foreign countries.
Spring is here, and summer feels like it already is here.
Spring is here, and summer is just around the corner.
Spring is here, and Summer is soon approaching.
Spring is here, and the fish are more active in preparation for the upcoming spawning.
Spring is here, and there are a number of festivals that celebrate the season.
Spring is here, and with it comes the urge for to clean, de - clutter, and toss out.
Spring is here, and with it the time of readying the soil for planting.
Spring is here, and with the warmer weather, many people start planning home maintenance chores.
Spring is here, boys.
Spring is here, click here to see new pictures collection.
Spring is here, even if it is still just a tease in some parts of the world.
Spring is here, floor is installed, walls are up and sheeted.
Spring is here, it's wonderful beautiful.
Spring is here, spring is here, Life is skittles, and life is beer.
Spring is here, spring is here.
Spring is here, the skies are clear and there is a swell breeze blowing.
Spring is here, things are growing, warmth is back.
Spring is here, though, and so it was nothing as nasty as the last windy night.
Spring is here.
Spring is Here.
Spring Is Here.
Spring is here-time to get down and dirty.
Spring is high season for yard sales.
Spring is hitting the northeast, so check out rays tips for hot flounder action.
Spring is hopefully just around the corner.
Spring is hopeless because it's cruel and sloppy, like a hangover from winter.
Spring is hot and autumn long and warm.
Spring is hot and fun.
Spring is hot outside.
Spring is icumen in.
Spring is ideal for trips to the edge of the ice flow, and various activities in the snow.
Spring is in full action throughout the area after a wonderful, wet winter.
Spring is in full bloom and Summer is right around the corner.
Spring is in full bloom with a profusion of colors.
Spring is in full bloom.
Spring is in full swing here in California.
Spring is in full swing.
Spring is in the air - literally.
Spring is in the air and a new line of filled treats are in our warehouse.
Spring is in the air and a young man's thoughts turn to touring.
Spring is in the air and all lines are busy with local calls as the wooing and cooing commence.
Spring is in the air and boaters are eager to get back on the water.
Spring is in the air and everyone and everything is getting ready for it.
Spring is in the air and flowers blooming.
Spring is in the air and great programming is only a click away.
Spring is in the air and it is also time for women's volleyball to get back into action.
Spring is in the air and it's time to start thinking flowers.
Spring is in the air and sign ups are underway.
Spring is in the air and so is pollen.
Spring is in the air and summer is just around the corner.
Spring is in the air and the first of Britain's annual events is now under way.
Spring is in the air and the kids are hittin' the road.
Spring is in the air and the season slows down for a bit.
Spring is in the air and the world takes on a fresh, new appearance.
Spring is in the air and with it come exams, graduation, and summer planning.
Spring is in the air in the mountains and foothills of North Carolina.
Spring is in the air, after all.
Spring is in the air, and letters announcing college financial aid awards are in the mail.
Spring is in the air, and letters announcing college financial-aid awards are in the mail.
Spring is in the air, and people have better things to think about.
Spring is in the air, and so are the sounds of music.
Spring is in the air, and the first baseball title to hit the Game Boy Color is coming soon.
Spring is in the air, and there's nothing quite like it.
Spring is in the air, but the weather is often unruly.
Spring is in the air, dirt is in the carpet.
Spring is in the air, the Texas offense is blooming, and an archrival's coming to town.
Spring is in the air.
Spring is in the Highlands.
Spring is in Vienna.
Spring is indeed a special time of the year, one that shows the renewed promise of life.
Spring is indeed a time of birth, of letting go, of connecting and of celebrating.
Spring is indeed a wonderful time.
Spring is inevitable.
Spring is just about here.
Spring is just around the corner - stock up for warm weather observing.
Spring is just around the corner and always in our hearts.
Spring is just around the corner and new perennials are arriving almost every day.
Spring is just around the corner presenting a time for renewal.
Spring is just around the corner so be prepared for an excellent year folks.
Spring is just around the corner.
Spring is just around the next bend in the river.
Spring is just the right time to do so.
Spring is just weeks away which means shorts and swimsuit weather.
Spring is just weeks away.
Spring is known to be extremely windy.
Spring is late and cool.
Spring is life.
Spring is light and airy with birds singing and streams burbling through the countryside.
Spring is light green with a butterfly companion.
Spring is like a renewal.
Spring is like being the first to open a new book, or the smell of a new house.
Spring is like having a toddler in the house.
Spring is like that.
Spring Is Like the Morning.
Spring is like the relief pitcher in a baseball game.
Spring is long and cool.
Spring is lovely, before the flowers wilt.
Spring is Luscious honeysuckle, And blossoming flowers.
Spring is lush with beautiful flowers and green, green grass.
Spring is lush with wildflowers.
Spring is made of metal.
Spring is marked by a gentle riot of fresh greenery and wildflowers.
Spring is Massachusetts' secret season.
Spring is meant to be a time of renewal and fresh starts.
Spring is mild and flowery, summer dry, with autumn the quintessence of leafy beauty.
Spring is mild and green, though it can be wet.
Spring is mild and green, with excellent skiing in the mountains and golf in the valley.
Spring is mild and sunny.
Spring is mild.
Spring is more difficult.
Spring is more performance-oriented.
Spring is more than just crocus, tulips and daffodils, though.
Spring is mostly wet, mild and often windy.
Spring Is mostly wet, mild and often windy.
Spring is mounted on back.
Spring is music festival season.
Spring is naturally a very good time for wild budgerigars to breed.
Spring is near and basketball is most definitely in the air.
Spring is near and the pace of the farm quickens.
Spring is near, and the plants are yearning to grow.
Spring is near.
Spring is nearly here, and with it comes an increased risk from lightning strikes.
Spring is neither cold nor hot.
Spring is New life, And blessed innocence.
Spring is new life, but summer is a time of growing and fall a time of harvest.
Spring is next best.
Spring is nice, and winters are mild.
Spring is nice.
Spring is nigh.
Spring is no different.
Spring is now nigh at hand.
Spring is now official in Tuscaloosa.
Spring is now tantalizingly close.
Spring is nowhere in sight.
Spring is officially here although the signs are subtle.
Spring is officially here.
Spring is often a very busy time in many people s lives.
Spring is often cool and rainy.
Spring is often more a hope than any visible reality, more an expectation than an appearance.
Spring is often rainy and cool.
Spring is often that time of year when our thoughts turn to outdoor activities and fun in the sun.
Spring is on it's way.
Spring is on property and driveway is roughed-in.
Spring is on the way though.
Spring is on the way.
Spring is on western end of island nearer shore.
Spring is one of the best times of the year to get out and get moving.
Spring is one of the best times of the year to transplant many plants.
Spring is one of the best times to consistently catch walleyes.
Spring is one of the favorite times for growing bonsai.
Spring is one of the four conventional temperate seasons , following winter and preceding summer .
Spring is one of the most exciting times of year around the farm.
Spring is one of the most pleasant times of the year to visit Madrid.
Spring is one of the prettiest times to visit.
Spring is only a few short weeks away.
Spring is only a short time away.
Spring is only a small moment in time.
Spring is our busiest season and now's a great time to take advantage of the low, competitive rates.
Spring is our busiest season.
Spring is our favorite time of the year.
Spring is our heaviest time.
Spring is our psychic time of renewal as well as the Earth s re-birth.
Spring is our season.
Spring is our wettest season.
Spring is part of that review.
Spring is part of watchs.
Spring is particularly beautiful with fruit trees and wattles in bloom.
Spring is particularly in evidence in the work of our horticulture students.
Spring is peak season for high-profile computer viruses, experts say.
Spring is perhaps the best time for memorial days.
Spring is perhaps the best time to visit.
Spring is pink, fall is green and summer is white.
Spring is popular because of the blooming cherry blossoms, flowers and spring foliage.
Spring is precarious for young salmon in the Pacific Northwest.
Spring is preferred by some types.
Spring is prime birdwatching season.
Spring is prime buying time and prices are generally higher.
Spring is prime season for hiking, golfing, and white water rafting.
Spring is prime time for bouquets.
Spring is prime time for planting but potted plants can be put in the ground just about any time.
Spring is probably the best time of year to be in Japan.
Spring is probably the favorite time of year for most fishermen.
Spring is probably the prettiest time to be there.
Spring is pup season for sea lions, when babies are weaned from their mothers.
Spring is puppy and kitten season.
Spring is quite probably the loveliest pop song they have ever done.
Spring is rain, so spring is mud.
Spring is rainy and as the summer approaches, the weather obviously warms up.
Spring is rainy and cool.
Spring is rainy and on the cool side, punctuated with balmy days.
Spring is rather short in Korea.
Spring is realistic start date.
Spring is really a fun, fun season.
Spring is really here, and summer's right around the corner.
Spring is really here.
Spring is really in the air now too so look for some Spring crafts.
Spring is rebirth and new growth.
Spring is recommended next to autumn.
Spring is refreshing and invigorating.
Spring is Refreshing Citrus.
Spring is rhododendron season in Bhutan.
Spring is right around the corner.
Spring is rivers.
Spring is said to be governed by wood.
Spring is seasons.
Spring is second best.
Spring is set on a wilderness camping trip in the real world.
Spring is short but summer is glorious with the natural air-conditioning provided by Lake Erie.
Spring is short, dry and dusty.
Spring is short. .
Spring is short-lived.
Spring is shown as the first flowers and greenery peek out of the snow.
Spring is shown with land covered with the gold of mustard flowers.
Spring is slow coming but welcome when it arrives.
Spring is slushy, muddy and generally horrible.
Spring is so neat.
Spring is so noisy.
Spring is so pretty with the blossom on the trees and spring flowers.
Spring is so pretty with the flowers and fresh leaves on the trees and summer an absolute joy.
Spring is so pretty.
Spring is so so fun.
Spring is sort of here.
Spring is sprung, The grass is riz.
Spring is sprung.
Spring Is Sprung.
Spring is still just a day trip away to the higher elevations.
Spring is still six weeks away . . .
Spring is such a lovely time.
Spring is such a schizophrenic, bipolar season.
Spring is such a wonderful time of year.
Spring is sunny, but with lots of wind.
Spring is supposed to be a time of hope for the college football fan.
Spring is supposed to bring rain and lots of it.
Spring is supposed to come from a spring out there in nature.
Spring is supposed to make everybody crazy in a viva life sorta way.
Spring is sure to come.
Spring is symbolized as the rapture and rejoicing of the spiritual state.
Spring is synonymous with wanderlust.
Spring is that way.
Spring is the antithesis of tragedy, the time of truth and grace.
Spring is the beginning of a rainy season for some areas.
Spring is the beginning of many after school events.
Spring is the beginning of the migration and is prime time for fishing the flats.
Spring is the beginning.
Spring is the best camping season, but be well prepared for cold nights.
Spring is the best of all.
Spring is the best season for warblers, tanagers, and flycatchers.
Spring is the best season of all to get out and enjoy the Ozarks.
Spring is the best season to visit because the place is filled with cherry blossoms.
Spring is the best time for reseeding and sprigging for warm weather grasses like bermuda.
Spring is the best time for southern states to start their breeding season.
Spring is the best time for wild flowers in the Northern and Western Cape provinces.
Spring is the best time for yearly vaccinating, for several reasons.
Spring is the best time in our nature.
Spring is the best time in the country, at least in the Ozarks.
Spring is the best time of the year for most golfers.
Spring is the best time of year for lettuce in Greece.
Spring is the best time of year to catch bass, when fish move into shallow water to spawn.
Spring is the best time of year to hear frogs.
Spring is the best time of year.
Spring is the best time to apply as the ground is usually soft.
Spring is the best time to catch both bream and bass.
Spring is the best time to collect leaves.
Spring is the best time to divide and early summer the best time to root cuttings.
Spring is the best time to divide perennial poppies.
Spring is the best time to enjoy flowers, fragrances and birds.
Spring is the best time to enjoy local rhubarb and strawberries.
Spring is the best time to enjoy the islands 'normality'.
Spring is the best time to feed birds.
Spring is the best time to fertilize turf.
Spring is the best time to fly a kite.
Spring is the best time to get started in raising small chicks.
Spring is the best time to harvest fresh greens for salads and stir fries.
Spring is the best time to identify vernal pools, since biological activity peaks then.
Spring is the best time to plant blueberries.
Spring is the best time to plant garden mums.
Spring is the best time to prune blueberries.
Spring is the best time to remember that wild animals belong in the wild.
Spring is the best time to renovate bermudagrass lawns.
Spring is the best time to repot houseplants.
Spring is the best time to repot.
Spring is the best time to see our wildflowers.
Spring is the best time to see waterfalls and wild azaleas, which bloom at both areas.
Spring is the best time to take advantage of fresh asparagus and morel mushrooms.
Spring is the best time to trap moles because newly-made surface tunnels are easy to spot.
Spring is the best time to view the many wildflowers.
Spring is the best time to visit because that is when the grass is low and the animals most visible.
Spring is the best time to visit East Lansing-a time of awakening beauty.
Spring is the best time to visit, when the Snake River is swollen from snowmelt.
Spring is the best time to visit.
Spring is the best time to walk, the wildflowers are spectacular.
Spring is the best time to witness the spectacular colors of the zoo's blooming plants.
Spring is the best time, as damaged areas show up the best.
Spring is the biggest selling season, when no automaker likes to lose market share.
Spring is the busiest time and pace of play can be a problem during that period.
Spring is the busiest tour season, two month advance is advised.
Spring is the busy but rewarding season for the office.
Spring is the busy time for nursery sales.
Spring is the career and workforce management company.
Spring is the coming alive of the mountains.
Spring is the driest season.
Spring is the driest, windiest time of year in the desert.
Spring is the easiest time to peel bark and the inner bark is usually more concentrated.
Spring is the end of the penitential season and the beginning of the renewal of life.
Spring is the exhilaration of the nature re-awakening.
Spring is the favored time of year for many bicyclist and hikers.
Spring is the gift giving season.
Spring is the harshest of all seasons in Mongolia.
Spring is the high season in Phoenix and rates are at their peak.
Spring is the ideal time for the release of native hibiscus plants.
Spring is the ideal time to add new trees to the landscape.
Spring is the ideal time to get outdoors.
Spring is the ideal time to re-vitalize.
Spring is the ideal time to watch the return of migrating birds sporting their nuptial plumage.
Spring is the least predictable season.
Spring is the loveliest and saddest time of the year.
Spring is the loveliest and the saddest time of the year.
Spring is the loveliest of all seasons in Greece.
Spring is the lucky season.
Spring is the mating season for frogs and toads in the temperate parts of the world.
Spring is the most active period as woodpeckers are both drumming and drilling.
Spring is the most beautiful time of the year in Israel.
Spring is the most beautiful time of the year in the kingdom.
Spring is the most colorful time in East Central Texas, and the outcrop proves to be no exception.
Spring is the most common time of year for dust storms to occur for two reasons.
Spring is the most difficult season.
Spring is the most exciting time of year for most gardeners.
Spring is the most fragile time of the year for wildlife and plants after a harsh, cold, winter.
Spring is the most likely time for tornadoes.
Spring is the most pleasant season in the park, and it's also the best season for fishing.
Spring is the most popular time of year due to the wildflowers.
Spring is the most popular time to visit the park, with it's fabulous display of wildflowers.
Spring is the most significant time for the troubadours.
Spring is the mother of new creation.
Spring is the next best season to reseed.
Spring is the only time that woodcocks become that obvious.
Spring is the optimum time to transplant before the new growth begins.
Spring is the peak bloom season.
Spring is the peak of activity and is the breeding season in most species.
Spring is the peak time for people to purchase a new horse.
Spring is the perfect time for a fresh start.
Spring is the perfect time for both.
Spring is the perfect time for leisurely hikes through the woods.
Spring is the perfect time time to visit friends and family.
Spring is the perfect time to liven up meals with bright and vivid fruits and vegetables.
Spring is the perfect time to watch and enjoy the natural wildlife of Louisiana.
Spring is the perfect time.
Spring is the period of greatest activity.
Spring is the prettiest.
Spring is the primal power to originate things.
Spring is the primary sales season.
Spring is the primary season for recruiting.
Spring is the promise of big, juicy waves made for bodysurfing.
Spring is the queen of the seasons.
Spring is the season for doin' what comes naturally, for adolescent humans and all cats.
Spring is the season for driving around all night with the top down.
Spring is the season for everything new, including babies.
Spring is the season for lyme disease, lemonade stands and, of course, film festivals.
Spring is the season for marshmallow.
Spring is the season for sugaring and newborn lambs.
Spring is the season for the surge in appetites.
Spring is the season for two-fisted fishing along the coast.
Spring is the season of baby animals on the farm.
Spring is the season of birth for many animals, including the moose.
Spring is the season of birth.
Spring is the season of fresh starts.
Spring is the season of hope.
Spring is the season of indulgence.
Spring is the season of love and wedding photos.
Spring is the season of love.
Spring is the season of new beginnings.
Spring is the season of new life.
Spring is the season of rebirth, bringing flowers, greenery and warm weather.
Spring is the season of rebirth.
Spring is the season of renewal and hope.
Spring is the season of renewal for flora and fauna.
Spring is the season of renewal for weeds, too.
Spring is the season of renewal in the forest.
Spring is the season of renewal.
Spring is the season of resurrection.
Spring is the season to catch Spanish mackerel off the Carolina coast.
Spring is the season when all things begin to grow and awaken.
Spring is the season when war breaks out in the Balkans.
Spring is the season where the other three seasons fight for a place it seems.
Spring is the season with the least predictable weather.
Spring is the sunrise of the year.
Spring is the the best time of year to see desert tortoises out and about.
Spring is the time as well of newborn and growing life.
Spring is the time everything seems to start anew.
Spring is the time for application of preemergence weed control products.
Spring is the time for fishing.
Spring is the time for gardening, yard work and outdoor sports.
Spring is the time for life anew.
Spring is the time for new life and new beginnings.
Spring is the time for rejuvenation, exploration and adventure.
Spring is the time for renewal.
Spring is the time for residents to get out and about.
Spring is the time for romance.
Spring is the time for school graduations.
Spring is the time for seed planting and work.
Spring is the time for severe weather.
Spring is the time for spring onions.
Spring is the time for training newmen in the functions that second-year members traditionally hold.
Spring is the time of grazing as well as browsing.
Spring is the time of most intense bloom and color throughout the gardens.
Spring is the time of new life, new hope, and new love.
Spring is the time of plans and projects.
Spring is the time of plenty for deer.
Spring is the time of rebirth, the time to renew.
Spring is the time of renewal.
Spring is the time of the budding, the time of the beginning of the new growth of the produce.
Spring is the time of the wood element and additional bitter can be added to the diet.
Spring is the time of the year that plants come forth after lying dormant through the winter.
Spring is the time of year to go mushroom hunting.
Spring is the time of year to plant flowers, trees, shrubs and the occasional troublesome relative.
Spring is the time of year when flowers bloom, the snow melts, and the animals are feeling amorous.
Spring is the time of year when local units determine their direction for the next year.
Spring is the time of year when many home improvement scams are perpetrated.
Spring is the time of year when two valuable and exciting events come around once again.
Spring is the time one is supposed to be happy and enjoy life.
Spring is the time plants awaken from their long winter nap to begin life anew.
Spring is the time that honeybees swarm.
Spring is the time that the previous years' young strike out on their own.
Spring is the time that the previous years young strike out on their own.
Spring is the time the ice starts to break.
Spring is the time they are on the move.
Spring is the time to begin fishing sandy shallows for halibut.
Spring is the time to explore the wildflowers and the returning songbirds of the woods.
Spring is the time to get out for that first flight to help get rid of the winter doldrums.
Spring is the time to look ahead to the coming year and beyond.
Spring is the time to move into the coves and flats.
Spring is the time to plant asparagus.
Spring is the time to plant it.
Spring is the time to watch for freezing of buried water and sewer pipes.
Spring is the time when baby animals are born in the park.
Spring is the time when colleges use weekends as the ultimate marketing pinnacle.
Spring is the time when every offroader gets the fever.
Spring is the time when everyone's fancy turns to poetry.
Spring is the time when groups of pregnant females lead by one male gather on broken ice shelf.
Spring is the time when groups of pregnant females lead by one male gather on broken in shore ice.
Spring is the time when groups of pregnant females lead by one male gather on broken inshore ice.
Spring is the time when many homeowners are planning home improvement projects.
Spring is the time when school district contracts are negotiated.
Spring is the time when the antlers grow quickly but are still covered by velvety fur.
Spring is the time when the robins return and the daffodils bloom .
Spring is the time when the songs of birds fill the sky with wonder.
Spring is the time when wild shepherd,d purses sprouting in the fields.
Spring is the traditional rabies season.
Spring is the traditional time for cleaning.
Spring is The tranquility Of sunsets, And the excitement Of campfires.
Spring is the typical mating season for most bird species.
Spring is the usual time for repotting orchids.
Spring is the wettest period.
Spring is the wettest season of the year.
Spring is the wettest season, having an abundance of rain in the form of showers and thunderstorms.
Spring is the worst.
Spring is their time for mating, laying and incubating eggs, raising young.
Spring is their time to come forth.
Spring is therefore a good option.
Spring is tick season.
Spring is time for Transformation programs.
Spring is to prepare for months of summer fun.
Spring is too heavy.
Spring is too short.
Spring is traditionally a busy time of year for military recruiters enlisting high school graduates.
Spring is traditionally a busy tornado time, although tornadoes can occur in any state at any time.
Spring is traditionally a time for renewed interest in fitness activities.
Spring is traditionally the beginning of annual conventions and meetings for collecting groups.
Spring is traditionally the time of rebirth, filled with blooming flowers and warm sunny days.
Spring is traditionally the time when pastels prevail.
Spring is truly here.
Spring is typically the driest season and fall the wettest.
Spring is typically warm and pleasant and is the parks busiest season.
Spring is undoubtable the most noted time for fishing jigs and for several reasons.
Spring is usually a good time to test.
Spring is usually a very busy time.
Spring is usually a wet and muddy time for volunteers working at the shelter.
Spring is usually active while major holiday periods are quiet.
Spring is usually mild but heavy snowfall can occur.
Spring is usually mild, but heavy snowfall can occur.
Spring is usually nice enough for a round of golf in the valley, with skiing in the mountains.
Spring is usually short and mild, with occasional moderate storminess.
Spring is usually the best time for viewing and photographing wildlife in Lincoln County.
Spring is usually the busiest time of year for house buyers.
Spring is usually the driest time of the year.
Spring is usually windy.
Spring is very active for roosters and hens.
Spring is very backward, and changeable.
Spring is very beautiful.
Spring is very slow in coming.
Spring is warm, bringing short, violent showers and lucious fields of wildflowers.
Spring is warm.
Spring is welcomed each year with a variety of popular community events.
Spring is when a car fancier's attention turns to dealer showrooms.
Spring is when a young man's fancy turns to love and a plant's fancy turns to growth.
Spring is when fishing enthusiast and gardeners come calling.
Spring is when grasses have the highest growth rate during the year.
Spring is when insomnia, vehicle accidents and criminal activity increase.
Spring is when most bonsai begin their growth cycle.
Spring is when most homeowners fertilize the plants around their yard, including trees.
Spring is when pasture growth in uncontrolled grazing situations gets most out of control.
Spring is when the soil is cold and the crabgrass is weakest.
Spring is when thoughts turn to everything green.
Spring is wild movement before summer settles in.
Spring is wildflower time.
Spring is wind, symphonic and billowing.
Spring is windy with little rain, so evaporation is very intense.
Spring is without a doubt the most exhilarating time of the year.
Spring is wonderful for walking and biking all over our neighborhood.
Spring is wonderful time to rekindle romantic interests.
Spring is, by the calendar anyway, here, but so is a lot of snow.
Spring isa season.
Spring lambing can also offer more management flexibility.
Spring lambing is virtually complete.
Spring lambing reduces the capital outlay required for labor, facilities, and purchased feeds.
Spring lasts for a very short time.
Spring loaded blades ensure a clean cut along whole length.
Spring loaded brushes wipe on the copper.
Spring loaded catches lock arms securely.
Spring loaded door traps use a spring latch on the door to open and close it.
Spring loaded doors hold toast in place.
Spring loaded freezer door automatically closes.
Spring loaded jaws automatically close the clamp when hung.
Spring loaded jaws snap open and closed.
Spring loaded lock pin allows screws to be operated independently.
Spring loaded senders launch monorail-like cars along the wires with the pull of a rope.
Spring loaded steel pin in a brass housing makes a perfect latch for cabins, cowls, etc.
Spring Look for brook trout and splake near points and shoreline shallows.
Spring Look for brown trout close to shore or near inlet streams.
Spring looks like blooming flowers and a rainy day.
Spring looks like busy boating.
Spring maintains a constant level of pressure differential.
Spring makes manual pumping easier.
Spring makes puddles underfoot but quickly distracts the eye with a tender riot of green.
Spring marks a shift in activities from inside to outside and bicycling is a popular choice.
Spring marks the beginning of modular teaching.
Spring marks the beginning of peak fishing season.
Spring marks the beginning of smog season.
Spring marks the beginning of tornado season across the southeastern United States.
Spring means a rebirth of the countryside, a time for life to begin anew.
Spring means different things to different people.
Spring means far too much yardwork.
Spring means fields of wild flowers.
Spring means food, as well.
Spring means growing.
Spring means growth, and it is a fact of life that growth is always accompanied by change.
Spring means it's time to head out to the garden.
Spring means kites.
Spring means light jackets, fishing, and gardening.
Spring means planting.
Spring means playing more golf and forgetting about cooking.
Spring means restlessness. . . .
Spring means Scooters.
Spring means sunshine, nachos, hot dogs and cheers from the cheap seats.
Spring means the beginning of golf and other outdoor sports.
Spring means the melting snow pack engorges our rivers making for great white-water kayaking.
Spring means the start of the month-long morel mushroom season in Northwest forests.
Spring means time to fix up the house.
Spring means to go to Wisconsin.
Spring means to play basketball.
Spring means to play football.
Spring means to swim outside.
Spring means to swing at the park.
Spring mounting helps absorb road shocks for driver comfort and control.
Spring needs repair or replacement.
Spring needs to be broken down into four segments.
Spring now arrives a full week earlier to the Northern Hemisphere than it did just twenty years ago.
Spring now has a completely different meaning.
Spring now sets.
Spring offers a flexible approach to PC Training.
Spring offers a gymnastics program for girls.
Spring offers a look at new life being formed and shaped from the fallen leaves.
Spring offers a mixed plate of south wind swell and leftover low pressures.
Spring offers a woman, time for renewal.
Spring Offers an analysis of the role of gender in sport, past and present.
Spring offers both skiing and golfing opportunities.
Spring offers grasses, flowers, and other vegetation.
Spring offers ideal weather for long distance hiking or biking.
Spring offers largest diversity of species and fall is best for sheer abundance for wildlife.
Spring offers maple sap harvesting.
Spring offers superb angling opportunities, the weather is comfortable and the fish feed often.
Spring offers the best cruising weather, moderate temperatures, good wind, and only occasional rain.
Spring offers the best time for viewing the many different wild flowers and migratory birds.
Spring offers the best waterfowl viewing of the year.
Spring offers the biggest water and lowest rates.
Spring offers the ideal time to discover the onion's multiple personalities.
Spring offers the largest diversity of species and fall is best for sheer abundance for wildlife.
Spring offers the opportunity to see desert tortoises, migratory birds and desert wildflowers.
Spring offers the rush of high water, while summer is surfin' and swimmin' time.
Spring offers the vision to create new possibilities.
Spring offers yet more opportunities for wildlife viewing with new life abounding.
Spring officially begins two weeks from today.
Spring opens earlier than in Eastern States in the same latitude.
Spring opens in dramatic fashion with a parade of colour to dazzle the senses.
Spring opens like a blade there.
Spring opens with the scent of apple blossoms .
Spring ought to have made gains by now but our days remain gray and ice-sheathed.
Spring overtakes winter in legend re-enactment.
Spring parameter is user-controllable.
Spring passes by, and summer brings back all the people who had left the village during the famine.
Spring planted radish takes about four weeks.
Spring plowing and disking are also useful in reducing cutworm numbers.
Spring points out again and again that the true driving force behind education is the economy.
Spring presents a whole new world for our throwers.
Spring presents questions about the use of fertilizer and crabgrass preventer.
Spring probably rates as the all-round best season.
Spring progresses rapidly as leaves come out and the woods become dark, damp, and cool.
Spring provides a colourful display of wildflowers.
Spring provides new leaves and the perfume of fruit tree blossoms.
Spring provides some of the best fishing found.
Spring provides some of the fastest action of the year.
Spring provides the feel-good days between the smothering of summer and the strangling of winter.
Spring pruning and fertilizing are absolutely critical elements for healthy roses.
Spring pruning encourages more growth.
Spring pruning sometimes encourages rapid new growth.
Spring pulls on mass.
Spring rains benefiting all crops.
Spring refers to the springing forth of living things.
Spring Remove the extra mulch and any damaged growth.
Spring renders true beauty with the full bloom of tulips, daffodils, and dogwood.
Spring represents newness, summer is colorful and easy, and winter is meditative.
Spring represents the awakening of life and the lengthening of daylight.
Spring returns to the north woods of Minnesota.
Spring reveals new life.
Spring reveals to nature lovers the wonders of new life uncovered from the melting blanket of white.
Spring revives new life and new spirit all around.
Spring rides no horses down the hill, but comes on foot, a goose-girl still.
Spring runs a close second.
Spring s the best time for going outside Or riding in a boat.
Spring sampling prior to planting is preferred.
Spring See above.
Spring See description above.
Spring seeding in Montana is off to a slow start.
Spring seems to be a great time on our n.h.
Spring seems to be on here now.
Spring seems to come out of nowhere.
Spring seems to have arrived in Montreal.
Spring seems to have rushed in.
Spring seems, for most people, to be about rebirth and beginnings.
Spring sees a sprinkling of such festivals, but in summer, the city really explodes with activity.
Spring sees azaleas in full bloom along the Gulf Coast.
Spring sees flowers and animal life emerging.
Spring sees many succulents in full flower.
Spring sees the Festival of Vienna with concerts, operas and theatre performances.
Spring sees the polyps turn into tiny jellyfish that are washed downstream with the summer rains.
Spring Send in completed applications.
Spring smells like honey laurel and waterfall.
Spring soon bursts forth with butterflies and blooms.
Spring Sounds .
Spring sounds clearer, overlapping.
Spring sounds like birds singing.
Spring sounds of the ancient forest including bird and frog songs and river sounds.
Spring sounds start with the drip and ripple of melting water and the low whump of settling snow.
Spring sowing establishes crimson clover for a rotation with potatoes in Maine.
Spring sows seeds of thought for students and their families planning for higher education costs.
Spring Spruce Up.
Spring spurs the growth of other algae, too.
Spring starts early and lasts.
Spring starts off all Black.
Spring starts the warming of the air and blooming of the gardens.
Spring starts with a flourish of colorful bulbs.
Spring starts with hunger, Like life.
Spring starts with hunger.
Spring steelheading on north-shore streams is truly superior.
Spring still comes after winter.
Spring sucks in little pieces all over the place.
Spring surely is the time of year when soul is blossoming and body is awaking.
Spring surges our son's appetite.
Spring sweeps through mountains like a green firestorm.
Spring Take down storm protection on windows and doors.
Spring tells a lot about what's going to happen in the fall.
Spring tends to be mild, relatively dry and sunny.
Spring tends to be the most popular time of year for the pilgramage.
Spring tends to be windy and dry.
Spring There is nothing more inspiring than a springtime in Lancaster County.
Spring there is nothing special.
Spring truly is an amazing time.
Spring truly is just around the corner.
Spring turns into summer so quickly, so quickly.
Spring turns the hills green with new growth, and the weather is nice and mild.
Spring unlocks the flowers to paint the laughing soil.
Spring wears away, and summer passes.
Spring weaves a gown of green to clad The mountain height and wide-spread field.
Spring writes well and tells a good story.
Springs abound amid the scarp woodlands of oaks and mesquite.
Springs add tension.
Springs alleviate that problem.
Springs also provide a sort of internal structure to a soft body as it animates.
Springs are a big help.
Springs are a fascinating hydrogeologic phenomenon.
Springs are abundant in much of the Ozarks and are vulnerable to contamination.
Springs are adjustable to keep keys open or closed.
Springs are also a valuable source of water.
Springs are also delicate biologically and wading and swimming can cause damage.
Springs are another element used in machinery.
Springs are available for further pond development.
Springs are available upon request.
Springs are chrome silicone.
Springs are common and are often used for private water supplies.
Springs are common in areas of karst topography.
Springs are common in rural areas and provide water for many farmsteads.
Springs are cool and pleasant.
Springs are custom made to order.
Springs are dry as a result.
Springs are durable items and are easily inspected.
Springs are easy to compress, however, it reacts like a pogo stick.
Springs are essential to the proper functioning of any drum brake system.
Springs are flows of groundwater where the land is lower than the water table.
Springs are frequent and eagles nest in the chimney rock formations.
Springs are locations where ground water emerges at the surface of the earth.
Springs are mild and wet.
Springs are more difficult to adjust.
Springs are natural flows of water at the surface of accessible caves.
Springs are natural groundwater seeps or flows, formed where an aquiclude blocks water flow.
Springs are nickel plated beryllium copper, and terminals are tin plated.
Springs are notorious for exhibiting oscillations, so it is common to include some damping terms.
Springs are of high grade tempered steel calibrated to ensure perfect arm balance.
Springs are particularly beneficial, as they carry water from the heart of the Earth.
Springs are places where the natural world and human history intersect.
Springs are plentiful and water can be procured at a depth of from five to thirty feet.
Springs are present at the toe of the reclaimed spoil slope.
Springs are reasonably close by.
Springs are rubber bands.
Springs are short, cool, and rather wet.
Springs are short, while falls are long.
Springs are small areas that are sensitive to disturbances.
Springs are subject to chloride stress corrosion problems.
Springs are supposed to hold their rate almost indefinately - the issue with old springs is sag.
Springs are the outflows of underground rivers.
Springs are under high tension.
Springs are unique and interesting ecosystems.
Springs are unreliable and often dry up for a portion of the year, despite what maps indicate.
Springs are very holy.
Springs are vigorous and the weather can vary from frost to sunshine in a matter of days .
Springs are water flowing or seeping out of an opening in the ground or hillside.
Springs are waves.
Springs are within area bounded by concrete retaining wall.
Springs arise from a perched water table.
Springs begin damp and windy edging into the comfort of full summer.
Springs begin damp and windy, edging into the comfort of full summer.
Springs bend to absorb shock, and are subject to corrosion and wear.
Springs break because every time the door opens and closes, the spring wire bends a little.
Springs bring heavy rain.
Springs bring rain.
Springs brings blooming wildflowers and winter brings snow which caps the red rock.
Springs can be clear or muddy.
Springs can be quite long.
Springs can clog if they are located in the product.
Springs can disappear, dry up entirely, or reemerge at a different, sometimes distant location.
Springs can wear very pale soft colors, such as peach, golden browns, aqua.
Springs come in many fashions.
Springs come with new poly bushings.
Springs commonly occur along each side of Florida's central ridge.
Springs die due to long periods of use, excessive force used in attacking and overcooking.
Springs dry up in such drought.
Springs dry up, affecting the supply of water to rivers.
Springs emerge from beneath the elongated kame that borders the northern edge of the preserve.
Springs flow from water stored in rich and spongy humus, or break through from underground sources.
Springs flow in the valley bringing water to ranches and cottonwood trees.
Springs flow out of the desert year-round, creating comparatively lush vegetation.
Springs furnish abundant water.
Springs furnish an abundant supply of cool to cold running water.
Springs generally emerge from slopes on the downdip sides of hills.
Springs has none.
Springs have (part) spring equinoxes.
Springs have bent spot on drumsticks.
Springs have crystal clear water that can appear blue-tinted.
Springs have extremely pale skin color and pale or very clear-pale eye color.
Springs have more requirements for safeguarding the water and for treatment.
Springs have the latest in sources for Mineral springs.
Springs indicate a double bond between the oxygen molecules.
Springs is a golfers paradise.
Springs keep the brake bars under tension, pressing the shoes back from the wheels.
Springs occur as groundwater rises to Earth's surface and flows away.
Springs occur throughout the state, but are most abundant in north central Florida.
Springs occur where groundwater flows from rock or soil material to the land surface.
Springs offers a selection of cozy bedding for baby and kids.
Springs offers a wide range of accommodations.
Springs protect the antenna, mount and vehicle.
Springs provide a damping force and stabilizes the linkages in any orientation that they are placed.
Springs provide a particularly fun way to study changes in motion.
Springs push back the plungers as soon as they are released.
Springs result when the sun and moon are aligned as with the full moon and new moon.
Springs return ladder to raised position when weight is removed.
Springs return the valves to their closed position.
Springs surge in a dragon well near the river in the village.
Springs tend to be fairly mild with some rain and at times snow.
Springs typically become damaged or cracked when exposed to excessive axial motion.
Springs welling out of the bluffs contribute to the cold water stream that runs through the area.
Spring always brings new beginnings and old chores.
Spring always comes again.
Spring always seems to be a busy time for thieves.
Spring always seems to be a time of new beginnings.
Spring often bring unpredictable weather, particularly in higher elevations.
Spring often brings the best fishing in terms of consistency and numbers of fish.
Spring often brings unpredictable weather, particularly in higher elevations.
Spring often comes very suddenly to Chicago.
Springs often become clogged and then dry up as the water begins flowing elsewhere.
Spring sometimes brings an eruption of wildflowers.
Spring usually has the best weather and highest bear count.
Spring usually is a time of very many festivals.
All springs are massless.
Every spring brings back the memory of reading Homer in college.
Every spring is a new beginning for a gardener.
Every spring is as glorious as the last.
Every spring is the only spring, a perpetual astonishment.
Every spring there are a lot of strong storms.
Every spring there is a dramatic increase in the number and strength of storm systems.
Every Spring there is a Fishing Derby.
Every spring there is a noticeable increase in orca presence over the Monterey marine canyon.
Every spring there is a presbytery-wide visitation of the projects being supported.
Every spring there is a unique window of time when the majority of wildflowers bloom.
Every spring there is interest in planting alfalfa.
Every spring there is one week devoted to Greek activities.
Every spring there's a spring cleanup, for about two weeks.
Every spring there's something new.
Many spring flowering bulbs grow actively when natural spring rainfalls keep soils moist.
Many springs are in the area.
Many springs are within easy reach of Gainesville.
Many springs provide water for man and animals.
Most spring flowering bulbs are completely hardy in Georgia.
Most springs are community owned and managed.
Most springs are in the shape of a cylindrical coil or a flat spiral.
Most springs bring heavy rain.
Most springs bring rain.
Most springs have an easily predicted behavior when a force is applied.
Most springs see increased flows and somewhat off color water conditions.
Some springs die, and the terraces become gray and lifeless.
Some springs emit water at such a fast rate that they seem to boil out of the ground.
Some springs follow dispersals.
Some springs have advantage.
Some springs have energy.
Some springs have potential energy.
Some springs produce water that is good for health reasons .
Some springs produce water that is good for health reasons.
Springboard compatibility is provided through the detachable Springboard slot.
Springboard diving is an inherently dangerous activity that can result in serious injury or death.
Springboard modules are still overpriced compared to the marketplace.
Springboard modules snap in and out instantly.
Springboard notches are still visible on some of the large cedar stumps in the park.
A springboard is a board
Springboards are beginnings.
Springboards are boards.
Springboards can be pricey.
Springbok players board buses.
A springbok is a gazelle
Springbok are fast sprinters.
Springbok are gregarious animals that like to bunch up in a herd once they feel threatened.
Springbok are popular attractions for tourists at game reserves and private farms.
Springbok are social and gregarious.
Springbok feed on grasses and other vegetation.
Springbok isa gazelle.
Springboks adapt to light.
Springboks are fast sprinters.
Springboks are found in the grasslands and semi-arid regions of southern Africa.
Springboks are gazelles.
Springboks are highly companionable creatures.
Springboks are mammals.
Springboks are quite similar in appearance to gazelles, but there are several differences.
Springboks are selective feeders, whose diet comprises the best fodder available at any given time.
Springboks are the most successful desert antelopes in Africa.
Springboks find nourishment.
Springboks get their name from their jumping abilities.
Springboks have (part) brains.
Springboks have (part) breasts.
Springboks have (part) cannon bones.
Springboks have (part) cell membranes.
Springboks have (part) cells.
Springboks have (part) chest cavities.
Springboks have (part) chests.
Springboks have (part) corpi.
Springboks have (part) cytoplasm.
Springboks have (part) ears.
Springboks have (part) faces.
Springboks have (part) heads.
Springboks have (part) hip sockets.
Springboks have (part) hoofs.
Springboks have (part) nuclei.
Springboks have (part) piluses.
Springboks have (part) plasma membranes.
Springboks have (part) rib cages.
Springboks have (part) second stomachs.
Springboks have (part) sections.
Springboks have (part) skulls.
Springboks have (part) sterna.
Springboks have (part) vacuoles.
Springboks have a fold of skin along their backside.
Springboks have molars.
Springboks huddle up in training.
Springboks inhabit areas.
Springboks roam regions.
Springboks seek out moisture.
Springboks soon become tame when taken young.
Springboks use ass-totting to confuse the predators.
Most springboks adapt to light.
Most springboks find nourishment.
Most springboks have molars.
Most springboks inhabit areas.
Most springboks seek out moisture.
Some springboks are killed by cheetahs.
Some springboks avoid plants.
Some springboks avoid toxic plants.
Some springboks drink water.
Some springboks fill niches.
Some springboks have black stripes.
Some springboks have pouches.
Some springboks have stripes.
Some springboks live in environments.
Some springboks mate during dry seasons.
Some springboks mate during seasons.
Some springboks prefer savannahs.
Some springboks survive years.
Spring-cleaning isa improvement.
Springer Lake comprises the headwaters of the creek, which drains to the Black River.
A springer spaniel is a spaniel
Springer spaniels are white with brown, black Or liver-colored patches and silky hair.
A springer is a cow
Springer advertises for angry people.
Springer covers a diverse spectrum.
Springer joins in.
Springer manages design and energy analysis projects and DEG operations.
Springer mixes equal amounts of practical lessons on life with a dry, witty humor.
Springer urges that harm reduction programs be kept small.
Springer weaves a gripping tale that covers many issues in a fast and thrilling pace.
Springer works in a Plover-area dental office.
Springers appear to be much more likely to suddenly bite than the average breed.
Springers are a very high energy dog.
Springers are also surprisingly versatile.
Springers are cheerful dogs with a sense of humor.
Springers are cool dogs.
Springers are cows.
Springers are natural retrievers.
Springers are part of archs.
Springers are stones.
Springers are the king of the jungle .
Springers are very affectionate dogs and require attention from their human companions daily.
Springers are wider.
Springers can be high energy dogs and require a moderate amount of daily exercise.
Springers flush the bird, mark the spot it falls, and retrieve it.
Springers learn quickly and remember well.
Springers result from a moderate positive pressure in the can.
Most Springers enjoy the company of another dog.
SpringFest preparations are well underway.
More springlike weather is headed to the Northern Hemisphere.
Springmoor residents reap multiple benefits from living in our convenient North Raleigh location.
Springo graphics is a new and developing site, but is definitely worth visiting.
Springtail reproduction can be complicated, and is dependent on the species of springtail.
Springtail reproduction is simple.
A springtail is an insect
Springtail isa insect.
Springtails also gather behind the appliances in laundry rooms.
Springtails also seek out areas where pipes have been leaking.
Springtails also thrive in damp crawlspaces.
Springtails are a dull bluish black colour and have no wings.
Springtails are a species of arthropod that generally live in areas of high humidity.
Springtails are a tiny food item only needed in specail circumstances.
Springtails are able to crawl under doors that have damaged weather-stripping.
Springtails are among the most interesting of all occasional invaders.
Springtails are an outdoor problem, even if they are found indoors.
Springtails are animals.
Springtails are common soil dwelling arthropods.
Springtails are cosmopolitan, and they can be found worldwide.
Springtails are easy to cultivate and have low maintenance requirements.
Springtails are especially common around penguin colonies.
Springtails are even more numerous than insects.
Springtails are extremely numerous in compost.
Springtails are found all over the UK, most of the year round.
Springtails are found almost everywhere in Australia in a wide variety of habitats.
Springtails are generally a temporary problem and die when moisture levels are reduced.
Springtails are harmless.
Springtails are just a nuisance pest.
Springtails are more nutritious that fruit flies.
Springtails are no longer a threat once the stems become woody.
Springtails are often drab colored, and are distinctly segmented.
Springtails are part of the community of decomposers that break down and recycle organic wastes.
Springtails are pests due to their large numbers.
Springtails are small insects that live in the termite mound with the termites.
Springtails are small, white to gray, oblong insects that jump when disturbed.
Springtails are the food of many insects.
Springtails are tiny animals named for their ability to jump.
Springtails are tiny insects.
Springtails are tiny, threadlike insects which leap around the pot or watering saucer.
Springtails are usually light brown to cream in color.
Springtails are very common and can be found worldwide.
Springtails are very common soil dwelling insects.
Springtails are very much like the herpes virus.
Springtails are very small insects that jump around when disturbed, much like fleas.
Springtails are very small insects.
Springtails are very small, only a few millimeters in length or smaller.
Springtails are very small.
Springtails are wingless and typically gray or bluish in color.
Springtails become very active when their environment starts to dry.
Springtails can be beneficial, through their ability to break down DDT in soil.
Springtails can have an elongated and cylindrical body shape, or they can be compact and spherical.
Springtails can invade by the thousands and they can do it quickly.
Springtails can jump several centimeters at a time.
Springtails can live for up to one year, reproducing at a rapid rate.
Springtails can provide plenty of food to seedlings.
Springtails can survive in extremely cold weather, and are known to survive in Arctic zones.
Springtails cause no problems inside the house.
Springtails come in a variety of colors and shapes.
Springtails commonly live up under slabs.
Springtails develop into adults.
Springtails eat algae, bacteria, decaying plant material, fungi and pollen.
Springtails eat fungi, algae, and bacteria that they find in their environment.
Springtails feed mainly on organic materials.
Springtails feed on algae, fungi, and decaying vegetable matter.
Springtails feed on decay matter.
Springtails feed on decay organic matter.
Springtails feed on decay vegetable matter.
Springtails feed on fungi and bacteria associated with rotting organic matter in the soil.
Springtails feed on leaf litter, decaying plant materials, bacteria and fungi.
Springtails feed on leaf litter, decaying plant materials, mold or mildew, bacteria, and fungi.
Springtails feed on matter.
Springtails feed on mold and fungi, another reason why they prefer moist habitats.
Springtails feed on organic matter.
Springtails feed on vegetable matter.
Springtails get their name from the shape of their abdomen.
Springtails have (part) air sacs.
Springtails have (part) brains.
Springtails have (part) carapaces.
Springtails have (part) cell membranes.
Springtails have (part) cells.
Springtails have (part) corpi.
Springtails have (part) cytoplasm.
Springtails have (part) ears.
Springtails have (part) faces.
Springtails have (part) flight feathers.
Springtails have (part) heads.
Springtails have (part) nuclei.
Springtails have (part) plasma membranes.
Springtails have (part) quill feathers.
Springtails have (part) sections.
Springtails have (part) shells.
Springtails have (part) skulls.
Springtails have (part) thoraxes.
Springtails have (part) vacuoles.
Springtails have a forked structure on the fourth segment of their abdomen used for movement.
Springtails have a more rounded body, are soft-bodied and are easily crushed.
Springtails have appendages.
Springtails have behavior.
Springtails have courtship behavior.
Springtails have elaborate courtship behavior.
Springtails have normal hind legs, whereas fleas have hind legs modified for jumping.
Springtails have only four or five segments in their abdomen, fewer than any other insect.
Springtails have oval heads with four-segmented antennae.
Springtails have separate sexes.
Springtails have size.
Springtails inhabit humid, moist areas near abundant food sources.
Springtails live in damp places where they feed on decaying organic matter.
Springtails live in soils all over the world from very warm climates to very cold climates.
Springtails live in the leaflitter.
Springtails live mostly outside in damp or decaying conditions.
Springtails lose water through the surface of their body.
Springtails move rapidly by crawling or jumping.
Springtails nesting in concrete slabs require more than simply spraying around the concrete.
Springtails normally live in damp soil.
Springtails occasionally become pests in potted plants.
Springtails occur in great numbers.
Springtails occur in leaf mold, damp soil, under bark, in decaying logs and in fungi.
Springtails possess organs.
Springtails prefer dark, damp areas.
Springtails range throughout the Arctic, temperate and tropical regions.
Springtails reach adulthood.
Springtails reproduce prolifically, developing from egg to adult in just a few weeks.
Springtails reproduce quickly usually within three to five weeks.
Springtails tend to gather in the block which can be easily transferred to the tank for feeding.
Springtails thrive in areas.
All springtails are wingless.
Many springtails are opportunistic species capable of rapid population growth.
Most springtails breathe through their skin or cuticle, which is very permeable to water.
Most springtails develop into adults.
Most springtails feed on decay matter.
Most springtails feed on decay organic matter.
Most springtails feed on decay vegetable matter.
Most springtails feed on funguses, organisms that include mushrooms, mold, and yeast.
Most springtails feed on matter.
Most springtails feed on organic matter.
Most springtails feed on vegetable matter.
Most springtails have appendages.
Most springtails have behavior.
Most springtails have courtship behavior.
Most springtails have elaborate courtship behavior.
Most springtails have size.
Most springtails possess organs.
Most springtails reach adulthood.
Most springtails thrive in areas.
Some springtails are carnivores and prey on tiny worms, other species of springtails and their eggs.
Some springtails become nuisance problems.
Some springtails become nuisances.
Some springtails become problems.
Some springtails emerge as pests.
Some springtails enter houses.
Some springtails enter pools.
Some springtails enter swim pools.
Some springtails feed on dead animals.
Some springtails feed on fungi.
Some springtails go through growth stages.
Some springtails go through stages.
Some springtails have appearances.
Some springtails have external appearances.
Some springtails have forks.
Some springtails have mandibles with well-developed molars.
Some springtails have same external appearances.
Some springtails have studs.
Some springtails have tubes.
Some springtails inhabit dead wood.
Some springtails inhabit wood.
Some springtails invade homes.
Some springtails invade structures.
Some springtails live in areas.
Some springtails live in caves or in the burrows of small mammals.
Some springtails live in fields.
Some springtails prefer moisture.
Sprinkle bread crumbs evenly over sauce.
Sprinkle bread crumbs evenly over top.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over all, then sprinkle parmesan cheese over all.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over and toss.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over chicken.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over halibut.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over pastry sheet.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over the mixture.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over the top to make a crunchy crust.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over the top.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over top and serve immediately.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over top of each.
Sprinkle bread crumbs over top.
Sprinkle bread slices with cheese and toast or broil until melted and lightly browned.
Sprinkle cedar shavings where they live.
Sprinkle cocoa crumbs thickly over it.
Sprinkle coconut shavings on top.
Sprinkle fish rolls with salt, lemon pepper and paprika.
Sprinkle meat slices with salt, pepper, and sugar to taste.
Sprinkle muffin tops with confectioners' sugar, if desired.
Sprinkle muffin tops with powdered sugar, if desired.
Sprinkle star cookies with powdered sugar, decorate cake with the stars and rest of sugar threads.
Sprinkle tortilla chips evenly over meat mixture.
Sprinkle tortilla chips into soup, if desired.
Sprinkle vanilla wafer crumbs evenly over butter.
Sprinkle vanilla wafer crumbs evenly over margarine.
A sprinkle is watering
Sprinkle brings porn to light, including a how-to.
Sprinkle chalk dust into the jar.
Sprinkle combined seasoning on pork and X toss to distribute.
Sprinkle cornbread crumbs on top.
Sprinkle cutlets with mozzarella cheese and parmesan cheese.
Sprinkle ends with the chopped nuts and dust with confectioners sugar.
Sprinkle ends with the chopped nuts and dust with confectioners' sugar.
Sprinkle log with paprika and garnish with parsley sprigs.
Sprinkle raisins over.
Sprinkle raspberries over top.
Sprinkle remain crumbs, decorated with chopped strawberries.
Sprinkle rounds lightly with sugar.
Sprinkle scoops equally with malted milk ball chunks and the remaining crushed toffee.
Sprinkle stems with bread crumb mixture and serve.
Sprinkle sugars over the rhubarb and let sit while making the batter.
Sprinkle thinly slices lemon slices over the fish.
Sprinkle tops heavily with sugar.
Sprinkle withe the chocolate chips and walnuts.
Sprinkles are food.
Sprinkles are small firm pieces of sugar and oils that are colored with food coloring .
Sprinkles are watering.
Sprinkles has a beautiful mane and tail with a touch of sparkle.
Sprinkles has a refilable body with small holes in the belly to sprinkle glitter.
Sprinkles is the class bear.
Sprinkles make a nice addition to the top of the cake.
Sprinkles turn to showers.
Sprinkler heads can sometime stay open and leak water onto the lawn.
Sprinkler heads have a min.
Sprinkler heads line the ceiling in case of a fire.
Sprinkler heads operate quickly to minimize the threat from heat, flames and toxic smoke.
Most sprinkler heads have yardage plates attached.
Some sprinkler heads have a higher flow rate than others.
A sprinkler system is a system
Sprinkler system is on reclaimed city water.
Sprinkler system is self-draining for winter.
Sprinkler system protects fireline perimeter in slash burning.
Sprinkler systems are also dependable.
Sprinkler systems are also much more prone to mechanical failure.
Sprinkler systems are physical systems.
Sprinkler systems are readily available.
Sprinkler systems are relatively easy to maintain and modify, saving facilities expenditure.
Sprinkler systems are systems.
Sprinkler systems are the best means of defense for loss of property in a fire.
Sprinkler systems are the most common.
Sprinkler systems can also help to protect against property damage.
Sprinkler systems can also provide a light application to promote germination.
Sprinkler systems conform to city and industry standards.
Sprinkler systems go a long way in preventing tragedies from occurring.
Sprinkler systems offer a host of benefits to building owners, operators and occupants.
Sprinkler systems use a dedicated mains supply to provide adequate water for the system.
All sprinkler systems distribute water unevenly.
A sprinkler is a mechanical device
Sprinkler isa mechanism.
Sprinkler rot is a fruit rot that occurs most commonly on pears and less commonly on apples.
Sprinklers act quickly.
Sprinklers adapt to a range of soil and topographic conditions.
Sprinklers also have to be installed in combustible concealed spaces.
Sprinklers also keep a fire contained to a small area.
Sprinklers are a cost-effective technology that provides for a high level of life safety.
Sprinklers are affordable - they can increase property value and lower insurance rates.
Sprinklers are available for water and animal waste irrigation.
Sprinklers are better than nothing most of the time.
Sprinklers are devices.
Sprinklers are just too expensive to install.
Sprinklers are less efficient.
Sprinklers are located in lawns.
Sprinklers are mechanical devices.
Sprinklers are now available with plastic, brass, aluminum, and some stainless steel components.
Sprinklers are readily visible, and any deviation from normal operation is more quickly noticed.
Sprinklers are the best way to irrigate turf.
Sprinklers are the best way to water lawns.
Sprinklers are the most common form of irrigation for small farms.
Sprinklers are the most reliable active fire protection system known.
Sprinklers are the most reliable and effective fire protection system known.
Sprinklers are the only choice for turf areas.
Sprinklers are the smart thing to do, period.
Sprinklers are the solution.
Sprinklers are to be activated automatically only in case of fire-related emergencies.
Sprinklers are ugly.
Sprinklers are used for water gardens.
Sprinklers are very unusual in traditional zoo design.
Sprinklers can keep the dust down and keep cattle from getting sick.
Sprinklers can perform almost as well as drip methods when they are designed properly.
Sprinklers cause less damage than the fire itself.
Sprinklers come in a variety of sizes for specific waterworks.
Sprinklers fit rolling topography, but surface irrigation systems require graded fields.
Sprinklers go off accidentally, causing unnecessary water damage.
Sprinklers go off accidentally.
Sprinklers have (part) sections.
Sprinklers have large water droplets, which wet cows to the skin for maximum evaporative cooling.
Sprinklers have their own beauty.
Sprinklers know exactly where the fire is.
Sprinklers match operating pressure.
Sprinklers operating at pressures substantially higher than normal are extremely effective.
Sprinklers permit greater travel distances to an exit.
Sprinklers placed on the end of a hose also vary greatly, with respect to how much area is covered.
Sprinklers promptly attack a fire and protect both sides of the partition.
Sprinklers protect every story and all areas evenly.
Sprinklers react to temperatures in individual rooms.
Sprinklers save a lot of lives and a lot of property.
Sprinklers send an alarm immediately when fire is detected.
Sprinklers shoot a single stream of water and rotate that stream in a circle.
Sprinklers spew a red mist onto the dancers.
Sprinklers splash water from the ground and from affected plants and help spread the mildew.
Sprinklers There are a variety of sprinklers to chose from.
Sprinklers throw water everywhere.
Sprinklers tie into existing landscape system.
Sprinklers vary in distribution patterns, and require spray overlap for uniform coverage.
Sprinklers waste water.
Sprinklers wet the flowers and foliage and makes the plant more susceptible to diseases.
Sprinklers often create wasteful runoff when set to water the upper slopes of hills or berms.
All sprinklers are handmade here at our studio.
Most sprinklers are heat activated.
Some sprinklers have an attached measuring well to determine the volume of water used.
Some sprinklers provide frost protection.
Some sprinklers provide protection.
SPRInt applications are avaliable NOW for winter break.
Sprint canoes are open boats paddled from a kneeling position with a single-bladed paddle.
Sprint car racing on a dirt track is one of the fastest and most exciting sports.
Sprint cars are brutal machines.
Sprint cars are kind of cool looking.
Every Sprint commercial ends with the dropping pin.
Sprint races are short, fast stadium races, and are popular with spectators.
Sprint races end so quickly that no one has time to get discouraged.
Sprint racing is like track and field racing on the water.
Sprint speed has a capital relevance in most animals' fitness, mainly for fleeing from predators.
Sprint suitors dwindle with possible deal.
Sprint tariffs apply.
Sprint training restores normal contractility in postinfarction rat myocytes.
A sprint is a running
Sprint actually offers two types of traffic delivery guarantees.
Sprint allows electronic buying and selling with confidence over the Internet.
Sprint allows unlimited calls to others within the network, for a small monthly fee.
Sprint already offers just such a deal.
Sprint already offers long distance service without a minimum usage fee.
Sprint also buys homes that are later made available for employee purchase.
Sprint also delivers a broad range of benefits that can help small businesses get ahead.
Sprint also has a college category to better help serve college students.
Sprint also has analog and digital phones.
Sprint also offers long distance calls to the USA from Honduras.
Sprint also owns some chunks of the major backbones that tie large networks together.
Sprint also provides special pricing plans to promote sales to young people.
Sprint also seems to have alot of problems.
Sprint also sponsors internship and co-op programs.
Sprint appears to be a knowing accessory for illegal cancels.
Sprint are considering an increase, the companies say.
Sprint asserts that the two milestones have been met in France.
Sprint believes in empowering employees to succeed.
Sprint believes such requirements are overly restrictive and limiting.
Sprint believes that such a requirement is redundant and thus unnecessary.
Sprint can deliver secure, reliable solutions with exceptional customer service.
Sprint can help.
Sprint combines voice, data, Internet on one network.
Sprint congratulates all recipients.
Sprint contends it closed the office because it was losing millions of dollars per year.
Sprint contends it is doing a good job, despite Las Vegas' explosive population growth.
Sprint continues to be the pioneer of wireless communications.
Sprint continues to demonstrate a firm commitment to helping small businesses succeed.
Sprint continues to earn an excellent reputation for exceptional quality of service.
Sprint currently mails a customer confirmation for each payment arrangement.
Sprint disagrees that it is necessary to include the rate for measured service calls.
Sprint does register some information.
Sprint employs a super cell architecture, generally consisting of a single tower in town.
Sprint expects ION to be fully available nationally in the first half of next year.
Sprint extends opportunities to undergraduate and graduate students in a variety of fields.
Sprint filters all announcements received from customers to maintain network stability.
Sprint gives to numerous other nonprofit organizations.
Sprint goes wireless with data.
Sprint has authority to provide interexchange telecommunications service in six exchanges in Oregon.
Sprint has everything in a lock down here.
Sprint has good reason for wanting to stay ahead of the game.
Sprint has no minimum contract nor early cancellation fee and the rates are pretty good.
Sprint has to.
Sprint intends to compete for the contract.
Sprint is a fine company.
Sprint is a global communications company and one of the largest carriers of Internet traffic.
Sprint is a large carrier of internet traffic and a leader in broadband communications.
Sprint is a large carrier of Internet traffic and a leader in broadband communications.
Sprint is a limited partnership organized under the laws of Delaware.
Sprint is a mess.
Sprint is a power event.
Sprint is a title sponsor of three freestyle events per year.
Sprint is among the corporate sponsors for the program, which is a public-private partnership.
Sprint is aware of the problem and is working to correct it.
Sprint is committed to network survivability.
Sprint is especially pleased with our continuous echo design enhancements to improve call quality.
Sprint is in separate negotiations.
Sprint is in the market for U.S. data centers.
Sprint is in the process of signing up subcontractors.
Sprint is in the same boat.
Sprint is keen to bypass the middlemen and do deals directly with game developers.
Sprint is likely to make the telephone companies attractive takeover targets.
Sprint is more than a telecommunications company.
Sprint is no stranger to the concepts necessary to create the future.
Sprint is of course also recognized as a leader in customer service.
Sprint is our local telephone company.
Sprint is the current industry partner.
Sprint is the largest publicly held company head quartered in Kansas.
Sprint is the leading telephone systems provider across Virginia, the nation and the world.
Sprint is the local phone service provider.
Sprint is the most reliable system on the market.
Sprint is the nation's third largest long distance com- pany.
Sprint is the only major long-distance communications carrier to make the list.
Sprint is the third of the big three in terms of long distance revenues.
Sprint leads the industry with the most comprehensive service level agreements.
Sprint leases certain switching equipment and several general office facilities.
Sprint makes a commitment to quality.
Sprint makes it easy and convenient.
Sprint makes it happen.
Sprint makes it simple to talk tothem online.
Sprint makes such a phone.
Sprint makes sure phones work only for the warranty period.
Sprint needs to order a replacement power supply.
Sprint notes that the problem probably originates from lines going up and down.
Sprint offers a competitive compensation and benefits package.
Sprint offers a highly competitive salary and a very attractive benefits package.
Sprint offers all telephony items and services.
Sprint offers highly competitive salaries and an outstanding benefits package.
Sprint offers more invoicing and reporting solutions than any other long-distance carrier.
Sprint offers network designers and managers unparalleled flexibility to optimize the switch.
Sprint offers several service plans.
Sprint offers the same service.
Sprint offers two dual-band phones.
Sprint operates one of the largest Internet backbones in the world.
Sprint owns and provides the integrated services hub.
Sprint pays the campus a portion of the gross income based on the number of paying accounts.
Sprint plans to begin offering services near the end of next year.
Sprint plans to have a service and a phone on the market by year's end.
Sprint plans to keep itself on course despite losses.
Sprint plans to release other phones running it, and they have released an SDK for it.
Sprint possesses ample financial resources to provide the proposed services.
Sprint promises on-site maintenance within four hours.
Sprint provides a broad spectrum of domestic and international voice and data services.
Sprint provides in the USA local, long-distance, and wireless communications and Internet services.
Sprint provides phone services.
Sprint provides the least useful site.
Sprint really needs to get the HELL out of software development.
Sprint remains committed to driver's safety on a local level as well.
Sprint routes our request to the Internet.
Sprint runs a proxy, that's about it.
Sprint s working environment reflects a strong learning culture.
Sprint says it's aware of the problem in a few areas, and it is already working to fix it.
Sprint seems to have done a major turn-around in supporting the war against net abuse.
Sprint sells all the equipment and installation.
Sprint supports a direct connection to the internet.
Sprint takes a very different approach.
Sprint understands how critical communications are to business success.
Sprint unfortunately sees it from another angle, a money making venture.
Sprint uses marketplace and customer insights to identify, acquire and retain valued customers.
Sprint wants to put one in the South Park area.
Sprint works on offense or defense.
Sprints are all out.
Sprints are championship format, one ride until the finals.
Sprints are different than just running around the track.
Sprints are easier to coax out of tired quads.
Sprints are necessary mostly to escape danger or to pursue prey.
Sprints are separate.
Sprint always wants their employees to be happy.
Sprint frequently recruit employees from our campus.
Most sprints tend to be in small groups and, often, uphill.
A sprinter is a runner
Sprinters are at the mercy of randomly varying reaction times.
Sprinters are real young.
Sprinters are runners.
Sprinters are usually the only runners anxious about start rules.
Sprinters are workers.
Sprinters finish in Downtown Cottage Grove.
Sprinters have a dominance of so-called fast twitch or anaerobic muscle fibers.
Sprinters have forefoot contact.
Sprinters have to be fast, obviously, but they have to do it smartly.
Sprinters have to burst into their performance at the very top of their curve.
Sprinters like to go down South where it's warm and they can practice outside.
Sprinters tend to have more fast twitch fibers.
Sprinters work on their legs.
Most sprinters reach their peak in their late twenties and early thirties.
Sprintings are running.
A sprit is a spar
Sprits are much like people.
Sprits are too shaken up to plan out the future in total serenity.
Sprite animation makes the creation of animated buttons and menus much simpler.
Sprite animation occurs when small animations or images are moved across a larger background.
Sprite objects are next on the features list, too.
Sprite points are available, which enable high performance particle system rendering.
Sprite is a spiritual being
Sprite is beverages.
Sprite is soda.
Sprite is soft drinks.
Sprites also make perfect additions to presentations or other documents.
Sprites appear in the Score as bars extending across all the frames in which the sprite appears.
Sprites appear to be elusive for several reasons.
Sprites are a pictures in a format bmp, gif, jpg, ico, cur.
Sprites are a pictures in a format bmp, gif, jpg,ico, cur.
Sprites are all other elements as there are apples, flowers, walls, weapons, etc.
Sprites are barely visible to the naked eye.
Sprites are basically images within the image.
Sprites are blood red flashes that appear with bluish tendrils dangling from the bottom of some.
Sprites are detailed, but animation is all but nonexistent, making for a lukewarm effect.
Sprites are dim and can only been seen with the dark adapted eye.
Sprites are distinctive and scaling is used extensively, though things never become too blocky.
Sprites are easy to arrange, group, move, size, and transform with effects.
Sprites are electrical phenomena that appear above thunderclouds, reaching the lower ionosphere.
Sprites are elements, which exist in the cast and display in the score.
Sprites are huge blobs of light that occur briefly above thunderstorms.
Sprites are immense.
Sprites are instances of a cast member on the Stage.
Sprites are large red and blue flashes from the top of thunderstorms into the troposphere.
Sprites are objects representing when, where and how cast members appear in the movie.
Sprites are objects representing when, where, and how cast members appear in the movie.
Sprites are objects.
Sprites are on the verge of working.
Sprites are out and polygons are in, resulting in a truly stunning visual experience.
Sprites are playful nature spirits that live inponds, trees or other cool places.
Sprites are predominantly red and they usually last no more than a few milliseconds.
Sprites are predominantly red.
Sprites are really out of date and looks bad in some situations.
Sprites are the most common.
Sprites are the same as bitmaps but usually have transparent areas.
Sprites are things such as fonts and character pictures that appear in the game.
Sprites are two dimensional objects that are usually transparent and often animate.
Sprites are very much like elves, but they have wings and green skin.
Sprites are very short duration optical flashes that extend into the ionosphere during storms.
Sprites bring full-screen trailers to life.
Sprites can be interactive in many ways.
Sprites can be little animations, like fire or rain.
Sprites can either be good or bad.
Sprites can number from a few to a hundred per game and are usually used for the moving objects.
Sprites cause variations in the received amplitude and phase of low-frequency radio transmissions.
Sprites consume much less memory because they are defined only once.
Sprites have many properties.
Sprites have their own particular acoustic signature.
Sprites last only a few tens of milliseconds.
Sprites make perfect additions to a Web site.
Sprites now do no less than five tests to see if they are colliding.
Sprites present right after dark.
Sprites use little bandwidth for impressive effects and are especially appropriate for streaming.
Sprites often can have transparent areas.
All sprites consist of a series of frames, which have to be of the same size.
Some sprites even share colors.
Some sprites walk in place.
A spritz is a jet
Spritzes are compatible for use with topical flea applications.
A spritzer is a mixed drink
Spritzers are out.
Some sprocket wheels are part of bicycles.
Some sprocket wheels are part of bikes.
Sprocket isa shape.
Sprockets are part of cameras.
Most sprockets are part of cameras.
Sprout damage can result in a high level of alpha-amylase activity.
Sprout damage has little impact on milling quality, but is often associated with mildew damage.
Some sprout seeds produce embryos.
A sprout is greens
Sprout invests in a broad range of industries.
Sprouts also can make a positive contribution to the health of baby parrots.
Sprouts also have a high degree of enzyme activity, which aids human digestion.
Sprouts appear and grow.
Sprouts appear in fourteen to twenty-one days.
Sprouts are a complete protein.
Sprouts are a fact of life with crape myrtles.
Sprouts are a favorite deer browse.
Sprouts are a living, enzyme-rich food, natural and low in calories.
Sprouts are a perfect complement to fermented vegetables .
Sprouts are a powerhouse of nutrition.
Sprouts are a very safe item, and they're going to get even safer, which is the good news.
Sprouts are a wonderful source of protein and nutrients.
Sprouts are also newsworthy because it is a legendary health food.
Sprouts are an excellent adjunct to other pure foods in their natural state.
Sprouts are an excellent source of vitamin C and also contain many good B vitamins.
Sprouts are another good protein source, in addition to containing valuable vegetable nutrients.
Sprouts are as safe as any other fresh food.
Sprouts are dangerous to human health.
Sprouts are easy to produce.
Sprouts are equally appropriate, as are leafy, green vegetables.
Sprouts are extremely easy to grow and have been part of Asian cuisine for centuries.
Sprouts are freshly germinated edible seeds such as beans and grains.
Sprouts are good eaten by themselves but can also be added to salads, sandwiches, or soups.
Sprouts are great in sandwiches, salads, and oriental dishes.
Sprouts are green.
Sprouts are higher in enzymes, amino acids, protein, vitamins and minerals than raw seeds.
Sprouts are indispensable for converting hard-core seed addicts to soft food.
Sprouts are larger and easier to harvest.
Sprouts are living, Most vegetables and fruit are.
Sprouts are low in calories and fat and are a source of vitamin C, folacin, iron and magnesium.
Sprouts are low in calories.
Sprouts are nutritionally superior to virtually anything.
Sprouts are often part of a raw food diet.
Sprouts are one of the healthiest foods for birds.
Sprouts are pure, natural, organic and therefore free from artificial toxin.
Sprouts are ready for eating in three to six days.
Sprouts are ready to harvest when they are firm and one inch in diameter.
Sprouts are second.
Sprouts are shoots from stumps or the base of a tree.
Sprouts are tasty additions to salads, sandwiches, soups, and stir-fries.
Sprouts are the germinating form of seeds and beans.
Sprouts are vegetables.
Sprouts are very healthy.
Sprouts are very nutritious because they contain all elements a plant needs for life and growth.
Sprouts are, in fact, one of the richest sources of enzymes.
Sprouts arise from both surviving root crowns and dormant buds on the taproot.
Sprouts begin to appear from one to two weeks after planting.
Sprouts can also develop from the exposure of the roots to air or elevated temperatures.
Sprouts can be a microbiologist's nightmare.
Sprouts can be bitter.
Sprouts can be grown in light or dark, basically it's personal preference.
Sprouts can develop immediately following an injury, from any sized tree or shrub.
Sprouts can grow as much as six feet per year.
Sprouts can increase the protein content too.
Sprouts can stand several moderate freezes.
Sprouts come from small buds on the stumps or from the roots of trees that have died.
Sprouts come up all over the yard.
Sprouts contain ammonium acid, vitamins, calcium, potassium, iron and other minerals.
Sprouts contain more vitamin C than oranges.
Sprouts continue to grow out of old stumps.
Sprouts emerge and roots appear in just a few days.
Sprouts enjoy all of our membership benefits.
Sprouts grow back from the tree roots after having been mechanically cut.
Sprouts grow faster than seedlings, and leaf and internode size is greater.
Sprouts grow faster than seedlings.
Sprouts grow in shallow bowls on the bookshelf, next to a bright display of oranges.
Sprouts grow more rapidly than seedlings.
Sprouts grow most rapidly after late summer or fall fires.
Sprouts grow quickly and easily outgrow conifers.
Sprouts grown from the seeds are spicy and add lots of zest to salads and sandwiches.
Sprouts grown in the home can also present a risk if eaten raw.
Sprouts have excellent absorption qualities and are good carriers for liquid feed ingredients.
Sprouts have the most complete protein of any food available.
Sprouts improve in quality and grow best during cool or even lightly frosty weather.
Sprouts make a person hungry, as do other types of raw food to some extent.
Sprouts maturing in hot weather or under dry conditions are more likely to develop bitterness.
Sprouts offer a wealth of nutritional benefits.
Sprouts originate from a complex network of underground stems and rootstocks.
Sprouts originate from adventitious buds on the sides of the stump and at the root crown.
Sprouts originate from vegetative buds both above and below ground.
Sprouts produced in a closed stand usually die unless in a canopy gap.
Sprouts provide all the essential vitamins and minerals.
Sprouts provide protein, carbohydrate, fibre, vitamins and minerals.
Sprouts require little water but abundant amounts of oxygen.
Sprouts stimulate the reproductive system.
Sprouts supply the body with high-quality nourishment that is used for fuel.
Sprouts tend to mature and decline sooner than trees originating from seeds.
Sprouts then drop to the ground or into the water.
Sprouts vary in taste.
Sprouts vary in texture and taste.
All sprouts are extremely beneficial for the health.
Most sprouts are ready to harvest in a matter of days.
Most sprouts do well in indirect light, but bean sprouts prefer the dark.
Some sprouts are already evident in standing wheat.
Some sprouts inhibit genetic damage to cells caused by some cancer-causing agents.
Sprouted eyes are worst.
Sprouted grains are a bit trickier to use.
Sprouted grains are another excellent and nutritious food source.
Sprouted grains help with a richer egg colour in winter and are a good source of vitamins.
Sprouted millet is a highly favored nutrient and enzyme-rich food.
Sprouted pieces are preferred.
Sprouted potatoes are fun for kids to grow and watch.
Sprouted seed is also of value to moulting birds, which have an increased protein requirement.
Sprouted seed is good for both pets and breeders and can be fed daily.
Sprouted seeds are a favorite especially among the smaller birds.
Sprouted seeds are a good source of vitamins.
Sprouted seeds are a good way of introducing greens to the stubborn eater.
Sprouted seeds are also a great source of vitamin C, carotenoid A, B vitamins, and minerals.
Sprouted seeds are much different from dry seeds.
Sprouted sunflower is also nutritious, as is quinoa, brown rice and beans.
Sprouting coconuts are edible, and are considered a delicacy in some tropical countries.
Sprouting frequency is related to parent tree size with more small stumps sprouting than large ones.
Sprouting lentils is a great start.
Sprouting potatoes are taboo, too, food analysts say.
Sprouting seeds are mini-gardens and NO garden like to be drowned in water.
Sprouting seeds are mini-gardens, and NO garden likes to be drowned in water.
Sprouting seeds are very durable, as long as they are kept cool and dry.
Sprouting seeds can reduce the fat levels and add some vitamins.
Sprouting seeds contain catalase, peroxidase and reductase.
Sprouting seeds cost pennies to purchase, yet yield big dividends in nutrition.
Sprouting seeds is an activity that takes place over several days.
Sprouting seeds rend the earth.
SPRU researchers are active in leading research communities and networks throughout the world.
SPRU students tend to be a quite sporty and sociable bunch.
Spruce beetles attack slowly growing spruce.
Spruce pine is a hemlock tree
Spruce pines experience few major disease problems except for occasional canker infections.
Spruce trees abound.
Spruce trees are grown as screens, windbreaks, and specimen plants.
Spruce trees are native to the western United States and Canada.
Spruce trees are susceptible to a disease called needlecast.
Spruce trees are trees.
Spruce trees belong to the Picea genus.
Spruce trees dominate the southern part of the Refuge.
Spruce trees grip the rocky shores of secluded inlets where cormorants hang out their wings to dry.
Spruce trees have a tall, rocket-like cone shape.
Spruce trees have needles that are attached to branches by short pegs.
Spruce trees have very few resin ducts in healthy wood.
Spruce trees provide an admirable frame for the whole.
Spruce trees survive farther north than most trees, especially in the mountains.
Spruce trees tend to lose needles quickly.
Many spruce trees have aromatic foliage and produce cones.
A spruce is a coniferous tree
Spruce isa conifer.
Spruces also provide cover and nest sites.
Spruces are a soft wood that has branches that are horizontal and often drooping.
Spruces are also susceptible to other insect problems.
Spruces are at upper levels and hardwoods at lower levels.
Spruces are conifers.
Spruces are cultivated over vast areas as pulpwood.
Spruces are found chiefly in cooler temperate regions in the Northern Hemisphere.
Spruces are susceptible to fire due to their thin bark and are also vulnerable to wind damage.
Spruces are the oldest major species of conifer.
Spruces are wood.
Spruces bear cones.
Spruces grow in mountain valleys.
Spruces grow in valleys.
Spruces have (part) bark.
Spruces have (part) cell membranes.
Spruces have (part) cells.
Spruces have (part) corpi.
Spruces have (part) cytoplasm.
Spruces have (part) leaf nodes.
Spruces have (part) nuclei.
Spruces have (part) plasma membranes.
Spruces have (part) sections.
Spruces have (part) stumps.
Spruces have (part) tree branches.
Spruces have (part) treetops.
Spruces have (part) trunks.
Spruces have (part) vacuoles.
Spruces have (part) xylem.
Spruces have four-sided, short, stiff, and sharp single needles.
Spruces have height.
Spruces have individual, angled needles with brown pegs at the base of each needle.
Spruces have needles.
Spruces have same height.
Spruces have waxy needles.
Spruces is a fee campground but day-use parking is free.
Spruces sway among the variety of violet spritzes.
Spruces tend to be tough trees, long-lived and very formal in appearance.
All spruce are sun-loving plants.
Many spruces suffer from a disease known as cytospora canker.
Most spruces bear cones.
Most spruces grow in mountain valleys.
Most spruces grow in valleys.
Most spruces have height.
Most spruces have needles.
Most spruces have same height.
Most spruces have waxy needles.
Sprue cup is formed and the mold surface leveled.
Sprung weight is exactly what it sounds like - the weight born by the vehicle's suspension.
SPU students have complimentary admission to all events.
A spud is a root vegetable
A spud is a starches
Spuds are everybody's favorite in camp.
Spuds can fly .
Spuds come in a variety of sizes.
Spuds gets best dog ever.
Spuds grow best in cool temperatures.
Spuds is so shy.
Spun glass can cause irritation of eyes, skin, gastrointestinal tract, mucosal surfaces, etc.
Spun honey is honey with some moisture removed to make it thicker and easier to spread.
Spun silk is less expensive than reeled silk.
Spunk can only flourish if people contribute material.
Spunk has builtin support for the serial ports on every platform.
Spunk is a library of anarchist literature on internet.
Spunk is almost a prerequisite for small players.
Spunk is courage
Spunk is nice, looks are a bonus, and faith is important also.
Spunk is so prevalent in anime because it is usually so appealing.
Spunk is the nearest thing thrown furthest away.
Spunk is the nearest.
Spunk supports multi language applications.
Spur gear is gear
Spur gear is gear.
Spur gears are by far the most commonly available, and are generally the least expensive.
Spur gears are easy to find, inexpensive, and efficient.
Spur gears are generally less efficient than helical gears.
Spur gears are inexpensive to manufacture.
Spur gears are precision machine-cut and deliver unequaled torque and horsepower to the auger.
Spur gears are simple gears with straight teeth and axles that are parallel to each other.
Spur gears are the most commonly used gear type.
Spur gears link the potentiometers to the aperture-control motors.
Spur lines are available in two industrial parks.
Many spur routes lead to excellent fishing spots.
Spur trails connect to various recreation areas and points of interest.
Spur trails lead out to the edge of the lake.
Spur trails lead to splendid overlooks.
A spur is commendation
Spur actually moves.
Spur ends at park entrance.
SPUR is principally an apolitical organization.
Spur isa shape.
Spurs are a common problem for runners and other folks who are hard on their feet.
Spurs are also painful when they are associated with shoes rubbing on an area of the foot.
Spurs are available.
Spurs are black in color.
Spurs are bony spear-like projections found on the back of each leg.
Spurs are calcium growths that develop on bones of the feet.
Spurs are dead.
Spurs are for motivation.
Spurs are high ground.
Spurs are more evident around a hill or mountain, rather than on a long hillside.
Spurs are natural things.
Spurs are optional.
Spurs are part of boots.
Spurs are present in the dorsal aspect of the talar head.
Spurs are projections.
Spurs are short and blunt, and the cowboy wears lightweight leather chaps.
Spurs are short crooked shoots upon which flowers and fruit are borne.
Spurs are short-shanked with dull rowels.
Spurs are small shoots that produce leaf, flower and fruit.
Spurs are the sites on which floors of apples, pear and quince are borne.
Spurs bearing stunted shoots usually die the following year.
Spurs become less productive after three to five years.
Spurs can also occur without pain.
Spurs can be painful because they often cause corns.
Spurs can grow where the muscles of the foot attach to the bone.
Spurs continue to be functional and lacking in spark.
Spurs have short life spans.
Spurs make a run at possibly a second world championship.
Spurs normally begin to appear only after the tree has grown in place three to five years.
Spurs normally hold nectar as a reward for the pollinators.
Spurs suffer first loss of the season.
Spurs vary on severity by how they are designed.
Spurs win the overall.
Spurs wound the tree and often carry diseases from trees previously taken down.
Spurs often grow on the sides of the affected bones, which only adds to the pain.
Some spurs extend from ankle bones.
Some spurs extend from bones.
A spurge is a bush
Spurges can be poisonous if swallowed .
Spurges can be poisonous if swallowed.
Most spurges have milky, often toxic sap.
Spurious authority is defined as the use of the passive voice without specifying an actor or agent.
Spurious components are the bane of the auto components industry.
A spurious correlation is a correlational statistics
Spurious correlation is a frequent flaw in forecasting models.
Spurious errors are a pain in the ass, since they're just about impossible to hunt down.
Spurious reflection is prevented by a sponge layer near the model top.
Spurious signal appears to be gone now.
Spurious signals result any mismatch between the converters.
Spurious velocities can significantly add to the dispersion of solute or energy.
Spurned lovers seek to die, lovers seek death to seal their emotions for eachother.
Sputum cultures reveal only normal mouth flora.
A sputum is a mucus
Sputum eosinophilia after asthmatic responses induced by isocyanates in sensitized subjects.
Sputum has something in it that speeds up polymerization of added actin.
Sputum is a mixture of the foreign particles, mucus and cells expelled by the lungs.
Sputum is also very crucial in the diagnosis.
Sputum is grossly purulent during exacerbations and mucoid in between.
Sputum is material coughed up from the lungs.
Sputum is mucoid and contains macroscopic brownish plugs, which are actual Aspergillus fragments.
Sputum is saliva mixed with mucus exerted from the respiratory system.
Sputum is sent to the laboratory for analysis.
Sputum is the mucous secretions produced by the lower respiratory tract.
Sputum is thick fluid coughed up from the lungs or breathing tubes.
Sputum is what comes up with deep coughing .
SPX associates have high energy with a clear sense of urgency.
SPX options have incredibly high open interest and low volume.
Spy cams are very popular with sex sites, and internet sites.
Spy cams show women in dressing rooms, showers, on the toilet, and there is even a gyno cam.
Every spy game has a war room.
Spy kids is a very interesting movie that has a lot of good special effects.
Spy planes can uncover the map, and paratroops and parabombs can bomb the unsuspecting base.
Spy planes increase international tension.
A spy satellite is a satellite
Spy satellites are expensive.
Spy satellites bounce light waves off objects to gather intelligence about the objects.
Spy stories Use for works dealing with espionage and spies.
Most spy stories make it seem natural for spies to have devotion to their government leaders.
Spy tech is such a growth industry that it's expanding at double-digit rates every year.
A spy is an operative
Spies are a particular nuisance.
Spies are always the most technically informed in the group.
Spies are equipped with innovative gadgets to outwit the countermeasures of their enemies.
Spies are everywhere.
Spies are like ghosts.
Spies are of no use nowadays.
Spies are people.
Spies are quite and inaccessible.
Spies are secret agents.
Spies are spectators.
Spies are useful everywhere.
Spies are war's theologians.
Spies are workers.
Spies bring back evil report.
Spies bring back unfavorable report.
Spies can assassinate, steal technology or information and bribe and do much more.
Spies can bring back all sorts of information concerning the size and strength of an enemy army.
Spies can bring back all sorts of information concerning the size and strength of enemy forces.
Spies can change uniforms, appearing as a member of the enemy team.
Spies can come in all three varieties.
Spies can disguise themselves like the opposing team and strike from within.
Spies can disguise themselves, too.
Spies can steal and destroy but they are very expendable, so have a few on hand.
Spies desire information.
Spies do it under cover.
Spies get top secret information from companies through industrial espionage.
Spies happen, traitors happen.
Spies have (part) arms.
Spies have (part) body substances.
Spies have (part) cell membranes.
Spies have (part) cells.
Spies have (part) corpi.
Spies have (part) cytoplasm.
Spies have (part) heads.
Spies have (part) human bodies.
Spies have (part) legs.
Spies have (part) material bodies.
Spies have (part) necks.
Spies have (part) nuclei.
Spies have (part) personality.
Spies have (part) plasma membranes.
Spies have (part) sections.
Spies have (part) vacuoles.
Spies have no armor.
Spies HAVE to use the default weapon.
Spies is only a technology gotten at the castle.
Spies live here.
Spies nauseate sane ego-trip.
Spies nauseate so repeating.
Spies now utilize the Internet to communicate with near impunity.
Spies pose as journalists, applying spin or spreading lies, as needed.
Spies range across the UK and Ireland, but the major focus is on London.
Spies remain a serious lot.
Spies report on any efforts even to get together to discuss problems.
Spies report that members of the tour have signed secret sponsorship deals in America.
Spies stick out like a sore thumb in little backwaters in the secluded areas of the Great Midwest.
Spies still recieve messages on shortwave radio.
Spies use cars too.
Spies watch spies.
Spy borrow below most forty otherwise destroy amateur paleontology.
Spy borrow below most forty otherwise destroy antarctic explorations.
Spy borrow below most forty otherwise destroy wildlife animal rescues.
Spy can be any.
Spy develops design and publishing strategies for the Internet.
Spy enter Hair before any speed out that companion.
Spy flies some original warbirds.
Spy imagine Freedom near trouble behind all croquet sets while view onto that wolf.
Spy implements a newer, quicker catalog system.
Spy is a look inward that reveals unhappiness with what they see.
Spy is a nightclub in New York where models and all the people who want to be around models go.
Spy is a searching game.
SPy is a software entirely dedicated to the monitoring.
Spy is easy and hard at the same time.
Spy is found in the study.
Spy is one of the worst clubs in Houston.
Spy is still in development.
Spy isa representative.
Spy later gives evidence for defendants and appears in our film.
Spy lose aside most forty otherwise borrow welcome to the planets.
Spy lose aside most forty otherwise borrow winged insect.
Spy makes amazing sunglasses .
Spy makes the best sunglasses hands down, comfortable, stylish, crystal clear lenses.
Spy Moves up to two squares orthogonally or up to three squares diagonally.
Spy offers a complete line of advanced eyewear designs.
SPy provides global view SPy allows watching a large group of machines at a glance.
Spy pull toward an skin otherwise sown converse sneakers for sale.
Spy pull toward an skin otherwise sown king cobra set.
Spy pull toward an skin otherwise sown mizuno pro limited baseball gloves.
Spy pull toward an skin otherwise sown nittany lion posters.
Spy pull toward an skin otherwise sown racquetball gloves.
Spy radios .
Spy redskins cap.
Spy satellites, spy planes, listening devices, that kind of thing.
Spy shows a list of all the processes which are actives, even the background processes.
Spy slits all their throats.
Spy sown beside an skin otherwise accept ice skates.
Spy sown beside an skin otherwise accept ncaa football jerseys.
Spy Suspects Refusing to Go Quietly.
Spy wonders the same thing.
Spies often seek to obtain secret information from another source.
Most spies are traitors.
Most spies go undiscovered for many years.
Some spies take damage.
Spyder barrels are compatible.
Spyder programs can only do so much and automated categorizing can leave an impersonal touch.
A spyglass is an optical telescope
SpyGlass is based almost exclusively on user requests.
Spyglass urges customers to evaluate and understand the nature of specific compliance tests.
Spying are intelligence.
Spying are watchs.
Spys are everywhere.
A spyware is a package
Spyware is definitely to be distrusted in any situation.
Spyware is for suckers.
Spyware is out there.
Spyware is part of an overall public concern about privacy on the Internet.
Spyware is software that collects some data, usually without the computer users' knowledge.
Spywares are software.
Most spyware is installed without knowledge, or by using deceptive tactics.
Some spyware sends a complete hardware and software inventory to their company.
Sql variables are quite cool.
SQLJ translation is aborted if an error is encountered.
Squab production is labour intensive.
A squab is a couch
Squabs are rich and tender and can be split and broiled or grilled or stuffed and roasted.
A squabble is a row
Squabble isa event.
Squabbles are few and far between.
Squabbles erupt over finances in the church.
Squabbles escalate to being momentarily beyond repair.
Squabbles still break out in far corners of the world.
Squad colours are quite neat and well placed.
Squad leader lays the mortar on the new azimuth and prepares to respond to calls for fire.
All squad members can fill in for one another.
All squad members receive some scholarship aid.
Squad rooms are part of barracks.
Most squad rooms are part of barracks.
Squad tactics are essential.
A squad is a force
Squad isa organization.
Squads also have two additional divisions, lightweight and heavyweight.
Squads also respond on medical locals .
Squads are generally 'collegiate' in style, loving to stunt jump and build pyramids.
Squads are welcome to attend.
Squads are, apparently for gameplay reasons, made up of five men, rather than ten or twelve.
Squads can accomplish more than just shooting once, or running, in a phase.
Squads can also pack a number of health and stamina items.
Squads carry many specialized tools for rescue and fire suppression.
Squads have the innate ability to organize into an entity called a command unit.
Squads practice after school during the seasons.
Squads turn over.
Squads use formations for control flexibility and security.
All squads cheer equitably for both boys' and girls' athletic contests.
Any squad can have a perfect season with a handpicked schedule.
Every squad has a lookout, which lets the other know of an approaching convoy by cellular phone.
Every squad has a personality.
Every squad has someone who becomes the backbone, who people come to for advice.
Every squad has someone who becomes the backbone.
Every squad wants to show off a bit.
Many squads prefer to have the score writer call.
Most squads edit a tape with a medley of music for their final round performance.
Some squads choose the girl with the highest score to be captain.
Some squads do football, basketball or wrestling, soccer and often competitions.
Some squads have captains and co-captains picked at tryout.
Some squads operate from hospitals or medical centers, others from fire or police stations.
Some squads respond to scenes.
Squadron is air units.
Squadron is cavalry
Squadron is cavalry.
Squadron is naval units.
Squadrons also profit when people decide to come back into the military.
Squadrons are teams of pilots who usually fly together, sometimes on elaborate and complex missions.
Squadrons generally fly in twos or fours.
Squadrons have an experience and a morale level.
Squadrons have different identities socially.
Squadrons login on the same team.
Squadrons organize cruises during the season and various social events each winter.
Squadrons perform routine aircraft maintenance and replace failed parts at the operational level.
All squadrons have headquarters, mess, supply, technical, and maintenance personnel.
Many squadrons use that as a requirement before accepting new members and it makes a lot of sense.
Squalid slums grow as people flood Latin American cities.
A squall line is a front
Squall lines are cold fronts.
Squall lines are convective storms which organize into a linear or bowed structure.
Squall lines can be continuous or with breaks and include contiguous precipitation.
Squall lines have a different structure when compared to multicell clusters.
Squall lines preceding cold fronts also produce thunderstorms.
Squall lines produce a variety of severe weather with strong damaging winds the main threat.
Squall lines tend to pass quickly and are less prone to produce tornadoes than are supercells.
A squall is wind
Squall asks nervously.
Squall manages to come off as reasonably intelligent and capable.
Squall moves forward, and proceeds to suck on one, while squeezing the other.
Squall starts to mumble something.
Squalls are brief, sudden, violent windstorms, often accompanied by rain or snow.
Squalls are rain.
Squalls are small-scale feature of disturbed weather embedded in the trade winds.
Squalls are snowstorms which have heavy snow showers and only last for a short time.
Squalls are stronger as night advances due to more cooling at the cloud tops raising instability.
Squalls are wind.
Squalls can bring rain or snow at any time, and storm-driven, rapid drops in temperature are common.
Squalls race east from South Plateau to Texas.
Squalls race east to Texas.
Squalls usually occur in the region south to south west of the High center.
A squalor is a sanitary condition
Squalor alone defines the conditions of our cities and towns.
Squamous abnormalities arise in the transformation zone.
Squamous carcinomas are either nodular or diffuse.
A squamous cell is an epithelial cell
Squamous cell is one of three kinds of non-small cell lung cancer.
Squamous cells are epithelial cells.
Squamous cells are flat and make up most of the epidermis, the outer layer of the skin.
Squamous cells are flat, and shaped like irregular polygonal tiles.
Squamous cells are the thin flat cells that form the surface of the cervix.
Squamous cells are thin, flat cells that form the surface of the cervix.
Squamous cells are wider than they are tall.
Squamous cells line the oral cavity and pharynx.
Squamous cells make up most of the epidermis.
Squamous differentiation continues and the normal thickness of the epithelium is restored.
Some squamous epithelia have multiple layers, and are referred to as stratified .
Squamous epithelium is flattened cells.
Squamous mucosa lacks any maturation and has no clear basal layer.
Squamous mucosa shows no maturation except at the very top.
Squamous papilloma is a benign tumor of epithelial origin.
Squamulose lichens have a primary and secondary loosely-attached thallus.
Square bacteria are called archaea.
Square baskets can have more or less according to their size.
Square body Provides four outlets to clear chips efficiently and permit maximum coolant flow.
Square bottles fit together well, taking up less space than cylindrical bottles.
Square bottom creates turblence and deposits.
Square boxes appear in the corners of the selected part.
A square bracket is a punctuation mark
Square brackets are efficient for typing, use of space and quick recognition.
Square brackets are especially useful when combined with other special characters.
Square brackets behave a little differently.
Square brackets define the acceptable possibilities for matching a single character.
Square brackets designate optional elements.
Square brackets enclose an optional portion of the format.
Square brackets enclose the character or key to be pressed.
Square brackets enclose the literal part of the string, including a beginning double quote.
Square brackets execute a nested command.
Square brackets indicate a non-military payload.
Square brackets indicate optional items.
Square brackets indicate optional parts of the statement syntax.
Square brackets indicate short gaps in text due to damage of tablet clay.
Square brackets indicate that the enclosed item is optional.
Square brackets indicate that the letter which they enclose is unclear.
Square brackets indicates that the enclosed item is optional.
Square brackets invoke a function.
Square brackets mark off the minor sets.
Square brackets mean that they are included.
Square brackets signify the addition of clarification material to the quoted passage.
Square bullets indicate boxes that demonstrate good practices or dos.
Square cakes can feed more people than round cakes.
Some square candlesticks use in lamps.
Square cards require additional postage.
Square cavities stack better than round.
Every square centimetre is crammed with detail, yet they are almost completely empty.
Square collar is accented with pink trim.
Square columns are there that once held up the roof of the temple .
Square columns are there that once held up the roof of the temple.
Square columns support double porches with picket detailing, clapboard siding and shuttered windows.
Square containers meet retails requirements for more units per cubic foot.
Square containers pack easier than round.
Square containers tend to encourage burning on the edges of a product.
Square copper earclips with a splash of white in the center.
Square corners are never a good idea.
Square corners form pouring spout.
Square corners make for greater safety when installed.
Square dances are country dances.
Square dances contain elements of dancing from many cultures.
A square dancer is a folk dancer
Square dancers add their own special moves and sound effects to make the dancing more exciting.
Square dancers are all kinds of folks sharing a love of action and teamwork.
Square dancers are the best people in the galaxy.
Square dancers are the nicest people.
Square dancers learn to execute many calls which can be given in any order.
Square dancers travel to new places all over the world.
All square dancers are welcome.
All square dancers welcome.
A square dancing is a contradance
Square dancing brings people together for fun and fellowship-even when learning how.
Square dancing can be strenuous exercise.
Square dancing helps to breakdown social-economic barriers.
Square dancing helps to promote universal peace and co-operation throughout the world.
Square dancing includes squares, rounds, clogging, contra, line and heritage dances.
Square dancing is a celebration of our country's roots.
Square dancing is a favorite activity as well as other forms of western dancing.
Square dancing is a frightening experience.
Square dancing is a fun, educational, and healthy activity.
Square dancing is a great form of entertainment, therapy and exercise.
Square dancing is a great recreation offering great friends and a good physical workout.
Square dancing is a team sport.
Square dancing is a true American folk dance.
Square dancing is a vital part of America's history and tradition.
Square dancing is a wonderful family activity.
Square dancing is also good exercise.
Square dancing is an American folk custom.
Square dancing is an American folk dance deeply entwined in the roots of our past.
Square dancing is an excellent implement for social development.
Square dancing is as much fun for youth as it is for adults.
Square dancing is based upon walking in defined directions for defined distances.
Square dancing is both great exercise and a great social activity.
Square dancing is definitely an economical hobby.
Square dancing is definitely the common bond here.
Square dancing is done strictly for the fun of it.
Square dancing is easy and fun, and everyone can do it well.
Square dancing is for eight persons while contras are for six, eight or more.
Square dancing is for everyone.
Square dancing is friendship set to music.
Square dancing is fun way to meet people and get a little exercise.
Square dancing is good exercise and lots of fun.
Square dancing is more than a dance, it is a state of mind.
Square dancing is movement set to music.
Square dancing is movement to music.
Square dancing is multi-leveled, offering differing degrees of challenge.
Square dancing is one of the hottest new social activities in our community.
Square dancing is popular in many countries worldwide.
Square dancing is practiced in many other cultures but has taken on a unique flavor in Cape Breton.
Square dancing is recognized world wide as an American dance form.
Square dancing is recreational and done strictly for the fun of it.
Square dancing is the official American folk dance.
Square dancing is the official state dance.
Square dancing is world wide in scope.
Square dancing keeps the mind active and the body fit without strenuous workouts.
Square dancing ought to have smooth body flow, and most of the time it does.
Square dancing provides a great number of educational and social benefits.
Square dancing provides a youth with a great form of aerobic exercise.
Square dancing works on a win-win scenario.
Square design requires less growing space.
Square dinettes are less fashionable but more functional.
Square end allows thread to spread out as it is pulled back thru the needle eye.
Square face promotes straight shots.
Square faces have high temples, and look good with rounded lenses to soften shape contours.
Square faces look best with thicker eyebrows and center arches, to balance the jawline.
A square foot is a square measure
Square feet are assignable only if they are usable for the functions described.
Square footage being at a premium is only one reason.
Square footage calculated is an approximation.
Square footage includes assigned and allocated classrooms, laboratory, and office space.
Square footage is a key factor in determining permit fees.
Square footage is approximate and includes overall dimensions.
Square footage is approximate.
Square footage is based on non-furnished rooms and includes all interior spaces.
Square footage is based upon exterior foundation dimensions.
Square footage is builder plan estimate.
Square footage is for the house only.
Square footage is measured from outside wall to outside wall.
Square footage is negotiable.
Square footage is only a method of comparing one property with another.
Square footage is only approximate.
Square footage is required to conduct search.
Square footage is the area counted above grade.
Square footage is very valuable to a business.
Square footage is what sells new houses, and that's what they offer.
Square footage ranges from approx.
Square footage shown is the heated square feet.
Square footages are approximate and subject to change.
Square footages are approximate.
Square footages are approximations.
Square footages quoted are approximate only.
All square footage are approximates, lessee to verify all square footages.
All square footage is approximate and subject to change.
All square footage is approximate.
All Square footage is more or less the amount indicated.
All square footages are approximate.
All square footages are estimates only.
All square footages distributed and verbally quoted are approximate.
All square footages distributed and verbally quoted are approximates.
All square footages shown are from the appraisal district records unless noted otherwise.
Square format denotes space and earth.
Square formats gives cropping options which many photographers and photo buyers prefer.
Square grids make math artful.
Square grooves are better but the sharp corners can create stress points.
Square grooves give some negligible spin increase from a dry fairway.
Square grooves give substantial spin increase from wet rough.
Square grooves put more spin on the ball only when forgien material is on the club face.
Square icons display the status of individual jobs.
Square images lead to an efficient packing structure for montages.
A square inch is a square measure
Every square inch is embellished and illuminated with painstaking minutia and detail.
Every square inch is filled with diverse views, staff and guest columns, letters and cartoons.
Every square inch is for dancing in, with little room to move.
Every square inch is prime pheasant habitat.
Every square inch is utilised with many of the plants being grown in large tubs and containers.
Every square inch seems to be under cultivation of one kind or another.
More square inches translates into more quality.
Square jaws provide an excellant grip.
A square knot is a knot
Square knots work the best.
Square Lake is a slow, no-wake speed everyday until noon.
Square legs are also available.
Square loop ferrites.
Square loops are the easiest to make, but cover less area for a given perimeter than other shapes.
A square matrix is a matrix
Square matrices are a special case in several regards.
Some square matrices have inverses.
A square meal is a meal
Square meals make round people.
A square measure is an unit
Square measure is a system for measuring area.
A square meter is a square measure
Square meters acres sq.
A square mile is a square measure
Square miles acres sq.
Square models feature a piano hinged lid restraint mechanism to protect walls and equipment.
Square nails are visible on the face of the rough sawn cedar siding.
Square neckline has drawings across front and back.
Square nodes are a special case of rectangular that require that the length of the vectors be equal.
Square nodes have unexplored neighbors in the graph.
Square numbers are non-negative .
Square numbers are non-negative.
All square numbers are black, because the product of any two numbers of the same colour is black.
Square patches are even easier to subdivide.
Square patches are fun because there is a trick to cutting square corners.
Square patterns are employed where high fouling is experienced and cleaning is more regular.
Square perches are absolutely essential and also assist the mating process.
Square pieces move exactly three squares horizontally, vertically or diagonally.
Square pillars adorn the outside of the Temple complex.
Square pins can generally provide greater heat dissipation than the standard fin design.
Square pixels make for an easy interface with vision and measurement systems.
Square pixels provide excellent image definition in all orientations.
Square plate has fine iron filings in oil.
Square plate is perfect for matza or as accent to any tabletop.
Square poles have the contemporary look favored by today's architects, engineers, and planners.
Square posts are easier to work with.
Square pots hold more than round.
A square root is a root
Square root appears to be correctly rounded.
Square root is a continuous function for nonnegative x , and the square root of zero is zero.
Square root is in simplest form when it fulfills the following criteria.
Square roots are at the beginning.
Square roots are roots.
Square Roots Learn how to find, simplify, add, subtract and multiply square roots.
Square shape allows clustering for continuous, uncluttered coverage.
Square slabs are out.
Square stitch is extremely strong.
Square tanks cause the bait to nose up into the corners and die because the are stuck there.
Every square tile covers an a-multiple of black squares.
Square tiling is the easiest example.
Square toothpicks serve as wing tip rockets under wing rockets included with model.
Square tops are also available.
Square tunnels cause turbulence and drag.
Square wave represents the two alternating task conditions.
Square waves are nice visual examples because the error is easily estimated.
Square waveguide is difficult to build and design feed structures for parabolic dishes.
Square windows run along either side of the fuselage.
Square wrists are weaker than rectangular wrists.
A square yard is a square measure
Every square yard is different from every other.
A square is a rectangle
A square is a regular polygon
Square helps guide saw.
Square is able to pack all the gameplay onto one disc because of their clever use of graphics.
Square isa rectangle.
Square isa shape.
Square knows a good thing when they see it.
Square knows RPGs.
Square stems and opposite leaves with flowers borne in whorls on spikes.
Square stems and opposite leaves.
Squares abundantly appear, while circles and triangle are comparatively less.
Squares are a subclass of both rhombuses and rectangles.
Squares are all over the place.
Squares are artifacts.
Squares are challenges, mandates for creative action.
Squares are companies.
Squares are conservatives.
Squares are easy, everyone can do equilateral triangles or regular hexagons.
Squares are for the years since.
Squares are from our work.
Squares are good, remember.
Squares are hand tools.
Squares are hard and stable and even.
Squares are like bricks.
Squares are located in geometry.
Squares are located in towns.
Squares are major towns.
Squares are more boring than circles, and can be mistaken for anything.
Squares are multiple choice check boxes.
Squares are nowhere near as cool as blobs.
Squares are numbers.
Squares are odd corners pasted together.
Squares are one of the more challenging aspects.
Squares are quadrilaterals.
Squares are rectangles.
Squares are regular polygons.
Squares are regular polygons.
Squares are shapes.
Squares are simpletons.
Squares are supposedly bearish.
Squares are tugs of war between the energies of the planets.
Squares are used for measurements.
Squares can be a very deep learning experience with very simple tools and preparation.
Squares can be any size and can even be tilted over.
Squares can be any size and orientation, and players have a limited supply of blocking pieces.
Squares can be any size, and at any angle.
Squares can be any size, straight or tilted.
Squares contain roads, cities and castles.
Squares containing eggs are aborted.
Squares depict seismic stations.
Squares fall down to fill gaps, and columns move right to fill empty columns.
Squares feature an adorable puppy and butterflies frolicking.
Squares fit that definition.
Squares have four straight sides that are all the same length, or size.
Squares have one of five colors.
Squares have sides.
Squares identify depletions inferred indirectly from trace ionization stages.
Squares indicate the locations of current meters.
Squares Investigate the area of two overlapping squares.
Squares love Square things.
Squares make our cars.
Squares mark seismic stations.
Squares represent almost the entire developmental phase of the cotton boll.
Squares represent approximately meter squares.
Squares represent array elements and circles represent iterations.
Squares represent CSF and circles represent serum penicillin G concentration.
Squares represent decisions, circles represent uncertainty or random factors.
Squares represent males and circles represent females.
Squares represent the initial positions of material points.
Squares represent the object's position at a keyframe.
Squares share an edge with four neighbors but also touch another four neighbors at just one point.
Squares show city and town locations.
Squares show spheroidals and plus signs show dwarf spiral and irregular galaxies.
Squares support education and world-relief drives.
Squares turn into curves.
Square always gets things done, but in a very routine way.
Squares always sit still to have their pictures drawn.
Squares often manifest as delays and obstacles and can be very frustrating.
All squares are parallel.
All squares are parallelograms.
All squares are rectangles.
All squares are symmetric with respect to the diagonal from the top left corner.
All squares are White until colored otherwise.
All squares have an X in the center.
Every square contains a letter X and a number n .
Every square corresponds to a screen in the actual game.
Every square corresponds to one pixel in real size.
Every square has different outputs for the three levels.
Every square has two names.
Every square is a parallelogram.
Every square is referred to as a cell.
Every square stands for a pixel.
Many squares are kind of like a cookie, or have a cookie crust with a rich topping.
Some squares are a soft chenille.
Some squares are empty, a bleak reminder of the dry summer's toll.
Some squares are safe' squares and some are danger' squares.
Some squares are traditional patterns, some are original.
Some squares give an extra guess or infinitive guesses next turn.
Some squares have a pressure-sensitive switch.
Some squares have personal materials of the A.D. patient incorporated as part of each square.
Squared brackets footnote in original.
Squared interior allows more hip and seat room.
Squared planets are often difficult to manage, causing tension but also building character.
Squared toe makes toe stands easier.
Some squash blossoms have flavor.
A squash bug is an insect
Squash bugs are active during the day.
Squash bugs are also present in many areas.
Squash bugs are brown to black and more than a half inch long typically.
Squash bugs are busy laying eggs and watching their young feed on plants.
Squash bugs are elusive.
Squash bugs are insects.
Squash bugs are often abundant.
Squash bugs are pests.
Squash bugs are serious pests of squash and pumpkins.
Squash bugs can also contribute to yellow-spotted leaves.
Squash bugs can be a problem on older cucumber plants.
Squash bugs can be a problem on older squash plants.
Squash bugs can be anywhere in the range of colors from bright green to dark brown or grey.
Squash bugs eat the leaves and inject a toxin that causes leaves to dry up and wilt.
Squash bugs extract sap from plants with their sucking mouthparts.
Squash bugs feed on foliage.
Most squash bugs feed on foliage.
Some squash bugs have aroma.
Some squash bugs invade fields.
A squash court is a court
Most squash courts are single courts.
Squash flowers are also edible.
Squash flowers are dipped in breadcrumbs and fried.
Squash plants are easy to grow and produce abundantly over a long season.
Squash plants are heavy feeders.
Squash plants are monoecious, having male and female flowers on the same plant.
Squash plants are shallow- rooted and require ample soil moisture at all stages of growth.
Squash plants are vines.
Squash plants have both male and female flowers on the same plant.
Squash plants have female flowers.
Squash plants have flowers.
Squash plants have separate male and female flowers on the same plant.
Squash plants take roots.
All squash plants require warm soil and air temperatures for successful germination and fruit set.
Most squash plants have female flowers.
Most squash plants have flowers.
Most squash plants take roots.
Squash seeds are all relatively large, and are usually flat and oblong or oval shaped.
Squash seeds make a tasty snack, too.
All squash varieties are tender, needing to be planted after all frost is past in spring.
Squash vines are dwarfed.
Squash are easy and fun to work with.
Squash are interesting plants.
Squash are ready for harvest when the rind is hard enough to resist fingernail scratches.
Squash are rich in vitamins A and fiber.
Squash depends on insect pollination.
Squash depends on pollination.
Squash grows rapidly and is usually ready to pick within two to four days after flowering.
Squash grows rapidly and the large squash leaves shade out weeds and serve as natural weed block.
Squash grows through the summer, blooming and producing fruits.
Squash has (part) regulation time.
Squash has (part) second periods.
Squash has color.
Squash has cream color.
Squash has creamy flesh.
Squash has flesh.
Squash has orange flesh.
Squash has seeds.
Squash is a vine
Squash is edibles.
Squash is fruit.
Squash is part of pumpkins.
Squash is part of squash.
Squash is sports.
Squash is vegetables.
Squash is vines.
Squash isa game.
Squash isa vegetable.
Squash needs only about three weeks.
Squash varies widely in size, shape and color.
Squashes are a popular mini veg.
Squashes are also nearly always available.
Squashes are also rich in potassium.
Squashes belong to the same family as gourds, melons and cucumbers.
Squashes have an inferior ovary in the female flower.
Squashes often fail to develop, turn yellow, and finally rot if unpollinated.
Most squash are interchangeable in recipes, but some are better suited for specific purposes.
Most squash depends on insect pollination.
Most squash depends on pollination.
Most squash has color.
Most squash has cream color.
Most squash has flesh.
Most squash has orange flesh.
Most squash is part of pumpkins.
Some squash has soft spots.
Some squash has spots.
Some squash uses methods.
Some squash uses standard methods.
Squashed electrode ends result from a mismatched plug.
Squashed pellets tend to wander out of the pattern.
Some squashy bags fill with liquids.
A squat is a leg exercise
Squats are a good exercise for the multiple muscle groups that are used during snowboarding.
Squats are a great exercise which loads the entire body from neck to toe.
Squats are a hard exercise.
Squats are a highly recommended exercise.
Squats are a terrific exercise for targeting the legs and buttocks.
Squats are also a good exercise to strengthen the torso, if done right.
Squats are also good for the hamstrings.
Squats are an essential exercise for strong quadriceps and gluteal muscles.
Squats are close but, they hit a little different area.
Squats are essentially products of economically dead regions.
Squats are largely a head game.
Squats are motion.
Squats are the single most important exercise that anyone can do.
Squats are very popular and helpful but they have some drawbacks.
Squats can be just short term housing or they can evolve into long-term housing.
Squats deserve respect and require total concentration.
Squats done with dumbbells are a great lower-body exercise.
Squats have a complicated mechanical effect on the body.
Squatina teeth are extremely hard to seperate into species.
A squatter is a settler
Squatters are idealistic, but also pragmatic, or perhaps 'strategic' is a better word here.
Squatters are intruders.
Squatters are now including comments about the trademarks or celebrity sites they steal.
Squatters are people who settle on a piece of land without owning or renting it.
Squatters are settlers.
Squatters burn fences to keep warm and dream of the next party.
Squatters come to like luxury.
Squatters have first choice of rooms regardless of class standing.
Squatters move in during the construction boom and they stay.
Squatters occupy land owned by the wealthy absentee landlords in Acre, Brazil.
Squatters settle on aerodrome.
Squatters usually choose empty land to squat on.
Most squatters are just into it for the free housing and doing their own thing.
Most squatters are subsistence farmers who grow cashew nuts, citrus fruits and coconuts.
Some squatters live in larger shacks.
Squatting causes the urine to spatter onto the toilet seats.
Squatting is also very effective.
Squatting is better than bending from the waist when unloading a front-loading washer or dryer.
Squatting is difficult and produces severe pain beyond three-quarters of a squat.
Squatting is insecure in the social context.
Squatting is more approiate term.
Squatting is primarily hip extension.
Squatting is still legal and free.
Squatting is the best exercise if done properly and worked hard.
Squatting is useful for picking things up, and climbing stairs is easy when holding an adult hand.
Squattings are posture.
Squattings are residency.
Squattings are trespassings.
Squaw Lake is stocked with rainbow trout.
A squaw root is a bush
Squaw root is found along woodland edges and in meadows of the Pacific states of the United States.
Squaw Valley has a well-stocked ski and snowboard equipment rentals shop.
Squaw Valley has every type of terrain, facing just about every direction.
Squaw Valley has good beginner and intermediate terrain.
Squaw Valley has the largest lift system in North America.
Squaw Valley is a year around destination vacation resort.
Squaw Valley is legendary for some of the steepest terrain and deepest snowfall in North America.
Squaw Valley is less than an hour drive time from Reno.
Squaw Valley is the biggest resort with the most challenging terrain.
Squaw Valley offers a competetive wage and most positions available are entry level and seasonal.
Squaw Valley offers a competitive wage and most positions available are entry-level and seasonal.
Squaw Valley offers challenging nooks and crannies that every year are totally different.
Squaw Valley offers the most for all seasons.
A squaw is a person
Squaws make feast with bear.
A squeak is noise
Squeaks are noise.
Squeaks are software.
Squeaks occur when shrinks and gaps develop around different flooring elements.
Squeaks result from wood rubbing against wood.
Squeaker isa artifact.
Squeakers have (part) sections.
Squeaky doors get the grease, as the saying goes.
Squeaky floors are the number one cause for customer complaints and call-backs.
Squeaky floors rank high in nuisance value.
Squeaky wheel gets the grease.
Squeaky wheel gets the peanut butter.
Squeaky wheels do get the grease, but they also get replaced.
Squeal vibration is characterized by torsional motion of stators, torque tube, and piston housing.
A squeal is a howl
Squeals are more frequent in young animals.
Squeals attract large predators.
Squeals usually greet food or treats as well.
Squeamish tenants run from the crime scene and property values crash in their wake.
Squeegee blades come in various hardnesses.
Squeegee kids shit in parking lots and in the doorways of downtown apartments.
A squeegee is an implement
Squeegees are available with wood or metal handles.
Squeegees are good for doing large flat areas or large surfaces that are gently curved.
Squeegees can influence printing results, but only if other variables in the process are controlled.
Squeeze bottles are a great way to avoid contamination.
Squeeze toys help relieve stress.
A squeeze is a compressing
Squeeze eggplants to remove excess water and deep fry in oil until browned.
Squeeze elbows together and pause for a brief second when bar is at the chest.
Squeeze leaves to remove excess water.
Squeeze levers together and aim nozzle at fire and smother entire fire area.
Squeeze paints from tubes onto palette.
Squeeze strawberries gently to extract juice and discard pulp.
Squeeze tomatoes through fingers and add with juice.
Squeeze tomatoes through fingers to break up while adding to saucepan.
Squeezes are compression.
Squeezes are constriction.
Squeezes are loss.
Squeezes are lovers.
Squeezes are movement.
Many squeezes taken from ancient monuments unlock valuable clues from past cultures.
Squeezed branches signal problems.
Squeezing are collapsings.
Squeezing are material handling.
Squid appendages are unique.
Squid art is adult finger painting.
Squid blood contains the copper -rich protein hemocyanin for transporting oxygen .
Squid Dissection Try to identify structures from actual squid dissections.
Squid eggs develop faster in warmer temperatures, resulting in higher hatch rates.
Some squid eggs are free-floating, others are attached to seaweed or to the ocean floor.
Squid guts is, well, squid guts.
Squid ink is a real pain in the butt when left to dry on a fiberglas or vinyl covered deck.
Squid mantles are thick.
Squid nerves are unique.
Squid servers can operate in a hierarchical fashion.
Squid species vary greatly in size.
All squid species crush their prey into tiny pieces using their beak.
Squid tentacles are on offer along with meat kebabs and chapatis.
A squid is a decapod
Squid isa mollusc.
Squid isa mollusk.
Squid tends to be a bit of a memory hog.
Squids absorb oxygen.
Squids appear to be a neon color when they swim.
Squids are able to change color rapidly by contracting and expanding pigment granules.
Squids are abundant in all oceans of the world.
Squids are always passive towards the player, akin to the other passive mobs found on land.
Squids are another type of mollusc - and are still gelatinous zooplankton.
Squids are cephalopods.
Squids are generally abundant, because they mature fast.
Squids are located in sea.
Squids are next to the bottom of the chart with huge, dinner-plate size eyes.
Squids are obligate predators in nature.
Squids are one animal that live in both Antarctica and the Arctic.
Squids are part of squids.
Squids are predators.
Squids are seafood.
Squids are software.
Squids are super conducting devices that are extremely sensitive to the tiniest magnetic fields.
Squids are the first passive mob to spawn at any light level, in water, and without grass.
Squids are the most active group of molluscs.
Squids belong to families.
Squids belong to the group of mollusks called cephalopods, which include octopi, cuttlefish, etc.
Squids breathe using their gills.
Squids can cruise along at constant speeds or dart about in quick jerky movements.
Squids can have between seven and eighteen tentacles, seemingly determined at random.
Squids can swim in whatever direction they want except straight upwards.
Squids capture prey.
Squids catch fish.
Squids catch prey.
Squids could have impact.
Squids could have large impact.
Squids destroy the young fry of certain food fishes, but they in turn are often eaten by man.
Squids digest food.
Squids display diversity.
Squids do battles.
Squids eat a varied diet depending on the species.
Squids eat fishes and shrimps.
Squids eat food.
Squids eat krill.
Squids engage in fertilization.
Squids engage in internal fertilization.
Squids feed on krill.
Squids force water from the mantle out through the siphon to propel themselves through the water.
Squids get prey.
Squids have (part) brains.
Squids have (part) carapaces.
Squids have (part) cell membranes.
Squids have (part) cells.
Squids have (part) corpi.
Squids have (part) cytoplasm.
Squids have (part) ears.
Squids have (part) faces.
Squids have (part) heads.
Squids have (part) nuclei.
Squids have (part) plasma membranes.
Squids have (part) sections.
Squids have (part) shellfishes.
Squids have (part) shells.
Squids have (part) skulls.
Squids have (part) vacuoles.
Squids have a head-like structure , with sense organs and brains in the front end .
Squids have a head-like structure, with sense organs and brains in the front end.
Squids have a horny growth under it's skin to protect itself from predator's teeth.
Squids have ability.
Squids have among the largest eye size to body size ratio in the entire animal kingdom.
Squids have an amazing ability to change their colour.
Squids have an endoskeleton, an internal supporting, strong structure of Calcium salts.
Squids have enormous eyes.
Squids have extra armature-hooks on the sucker rings.
Squids have eyes.
Squids have eyesights.
Squids have fins.
Squids have good eyesights.
Squids have heads.
Squids have hearts.
Squids have kidneys.
Squids have long tentacles.
Squids have offspring.
Squids have predators.
Squids have prey.
Squids have skin.
Squids have some of the largest eyes, in proportion to their body, in the animal kingdom.
Squids have ten arms, two of which are called tentacles.
Squids have ten limbs, only two of which are appropriately called tentacles.
Squids have ten tentacles.
Squids have tentacles.
Squids have their babies laid in jellied clusters on rocks.
Squids live in antarctic water.
Squids live in the open oceans.
Squids live in water.
Squids live throughout the world, except in arctic waters.
Squids may have ability.
Squids move to locations.
Squids possess a stiff structure known as a pen, that acts as a flexible backbone.
Squids possess glands.
Squids prey on fish.
Squids pump water.
Squids reach maturity.
Squids suffocate if they are beached on land for too long.
Squids swim by drawing water into their mantle cavity and expelling it through their siphon.
Squids typically demonstrate considerable plasticity in individual growth rates.
Squids use filament.
Squids use fins located on their heads to propel themselves when swimming at low speeds.
Squids use jet propulsion to attain great speeds when chasing prey or fleeing from predators.
Squids use long filament.
Squids use tentacles.
Squids use their large eyes to spot prey in the murky depths.
Squids use their tentacles to catch other animals.
Squids use their two specialized tentacles to quickly reach out and capture fishes.
Squids use water.
Squids weigh pounds.
Squids often mate in large groups, and attach their egg capsules to the ocean floor or to seaweed.
Squids usually live from three to five years.
Squids usually spawn in groups.
Most squids absorb oxygen.
Most squids belong to families.
Most squids capture prey.
Most squids digest food.
Most squids display diversity.
Most squids do battles.
Most squids eat food.
Most squids eat krill.
Most squids engage in fertilization.
Most squids engage in internal fertilization.
Most squids feed on krill.
Most squids get prey.
Most squids have ability.
Most squids have eyes.
Most squids have eyesights.
Most squids have fins.
Most squids have good eyesights.
Most squids have heads.
Most squids have hearts.
Most squids have long tentacles.
Most squids have offspring.
Most squids have predators.
Most squids have prey.
Most squids have skin.
Most squids have tentacles.
Most squids live in antarctic water.
Most squids live in water.
Most squids move to locations.
Most squids possess glands.
Most squids prey on fish.
Most squids pump water.
Most squids reach maturity.
Most squids use filament.
Most squids use long filament.
Most squids use tentacles.
Most squids use water.
Most squids weigh pounds.
Some squids absorb nutrients.
Some squids are captured by fishermen.
Some squids are harvested for food.
Some squids breathe use gills.
Some squids eat debris.
Some squids eat fish.
Some squids eat juvenile fish.
Some squids eat sea fish.
Some squids eat small fish.
Some squids eat squids.
Some squids emit clouds.
Some squids exhibit gigantisms.
Some squids feast on animals.
Some squids feast on small animals.
Some squids feed on plankton.
Some squids feed on squids.
Some squids follow patterns.
Some squids follow similar patterns.
Some squids get attention.
Some squids get food.
Some squids have digestive tracts.
Some squids have enemies.
Some squids have gills.
Some squids have ink sacs.
Some squids have jaws.
Some squids have lifestyle.
Some squids have mechanisms.
Some squids have octopi.
Some squids have pens.
Some squids have sacs.
Some squids have strong jaws.
Some squids have tails.
Some squids have tracts.
Some squids have values.
Some squids have years.
Some squids invade territory.
Some squids live in large schools, others are solitary.
Some squids make up diets.
Some squids possess arms.
Some squids produce light.
Some squids show light.
Some squids strand on beaches.
Some squids use fins.
Some squids use patterns.
Some squids wash up on beaches.
Some squids wash up on shores.
Some squids weigh several tons.
Some squids weigh tons.
A squiggle is a line
Squiggles are creative, extroverted, and intuitive.
Squiggles are friendly, curious animals.
Squint is a condition with misalignment of eyes.
Squint is also a very cool derivative of a blur filter.
Squint is an abnormality
A squire is an attendant
Squires also invites witnesses to wonder at the very charges themselves.
Squires also travels worldwide.
Squires are attendants.
Squires are landowners.
Squires run their own meetings, and plan and financially support their own activities.
Some squires also wear silver chains in imitation of the chain of fealty.
Squirrel gliders have long, sharp, diprotodont lower incisors.
A squirrel monkey is a monkey
Squirrel monkeys are arboreal and live in virgin and secondary forests of northern South America.
Squirrel monkeys are found widely throughout Central and South America.
Squirrel monkeys are mammals.
Squirrel monkeys are monkeys.
Squirrel monkeys are omnivores , eating primarily fruits and insects.
Squirrel monkeys are primates.
Squirrel monkeys are small enough to go on the smallest branches to get food .
Squirrel monkeys are small enough to go on the smallest branches to get food.
Squirrel monkeys are small, long-legged monkeys with very long tails.
Squirrel monkeys are still common in their native habitat.
Squirrel monkeys can be abundant.
Squirrel monkeys display behavior.
Squirrel monkeys display breed behavior.
Squirrel monkeys display cooperative behavior.
Squirrel monkeys display cooperative breed behavior.
Squirrel monkeys eat insects and small vertebrates in addition to fruit.
Squirrel monkeys exhibit activity patterns.
Squirrel monkeys exhibit differences.
Squirrel monkeys exhibit patterns.
Squirrel monkeys exhibit similar daily patterns.
Squirrel monkeys exhibit similar patterns.
Squirrel monkeys give birth to only one monkey.
Squirrel monkeys have habitat preference.
Squirrel monkeys have nails instead of claws.
Squirrel monkeys have preference.
Squirrel monkeys have similar habitat preference.
Squirrel monkeys make continuous croaking, twittering, and barking sounds unlike any other monkey.
Squirrel monkeys move through the trees by leaping.
Most squirrel monkeys display cooperative behavior.
Most squirrel monkeys exhibit similar daily patterns.
Most squirrel monkeys exhibit similar patterns.
Most squirrel monkeys have habitat preference.
Most squirrel monkeys have preference.
Most squirrel monkeys have similar habitat preference.
Some squirrel monkeys escape from zoos.
Some squirrel monkeys have requirements.
Some squirrel monkeys survive in habitats.
Some squirrel monkeys survive in natural habitats.
A squirrel is a mammal
Squirrel hunting season closes.
Squirrel isa rodent.
Squirrels adapt to hot weather.
Squirrels adapt to weather.
Squirrels adore nuts.
Squirrels also build their nest in the exterior walls of house.
Squirrels also can become a nuisance around bird feeders, frightening birds and scattering seeds.
Squirrels also can chew extensively on landscape plants.
Squirrels also dislike garlic and black pepper smells.
Squirrels also eat grass, roots, leaves, plants stalks, and other plant materials.
Squirrels also enjoy eating birdseed without hesitation even in the presence of birds.
Squirrels also feed on buds in the spring.
Squirrels also go to the bathroom just like any other animal.
Squirrels also have a little flap on their patagium, a sort of winglet.
Squirrels also like to feed on garbage if they are living near humans.
Squirrels also love suet.
Squirrels also nest in the canopy.
Squirrels also prepare for winter by bulking up.
Squirrels also prey on purple martins by climbing up the nest and entering the cavity.
Squirrels also use their tail to communicate with other squirrels.
Squirrels also use their tails as signal flags.
Squirrels are a family of rodents that includes marmots and chipmunks .
Squirrels are a food source for hawks, owls, snakes, and several mammalian predators.
Squirrels are a game species in North Dakota, meaning there is an open season for harvest.
Squirrels are a large family of rodents.
Squirrels are a nuisance to avocado in Florida.
Squirrels are a protected species.
Squirrels are a serious fire hazard when they break into buildings.
Squirrels are a very easy animal to attract they love to eat at bird feeders.
Squirrels are about the most harmless, innocent creatures in existence.
Squirrels are about the only animals which eat the oranges.
Squirrels are about to take over all that is.
Squirrels are abundant and let's be honest, they're better dressed than golfers.
Squirrels are abundant in the wilds because their natural predators are less abundant.
Squirrels are abundant on wooded hillsides in years when acorns are plentiful.
Squirrels are acrobatic and persistent.
Squirrels are active year round.
Squirrels are afraid of owls.
Squirrels are already as interested in chasing one another as they are in raiding the bird feeders.
Squirrels are also much cuter.
Squirrels are also unique in being able to walk down trees as well.
Squirrels are also useful to humans as dinner, fur coats, and the butt of roadkill jokes.
Squirrels are always a problem with nut trees.
Squirrels are always on the other side of the tree.
Squirrels are animals.
Squirrels are animals.
Squirrels are clean.
Squirrels are common rodents that have hairy tails and strong hind legs.
Squirrels are common throughout North America.
Squirrels are conspicuous and are better known by sight to people than are most rodents.
Squirrels are creatures that arouse ambivalent feelings.
Squirrels are critters of habit and hate change.
Squirrels are cute.
Squirrels are especially fond of corn.
Squirrels are everywhere, digging up the remnants of the winter's hoard.
Squirrels are evil.
Squirrels are excellent climbers.
Squirrels are excitable and can cause severe damage if trapped inside a home.
Squirrels are expert tightrope walkers.
Squirrels are fast and agile, scaling trees and jumping from treetop to treetop with great speed.
Squirrels are fast and can jump sideways about six feet.
Squirrels are fluffy, cute, personable, compassionate and occasionally pious.
Squirrels are found all over California.
Squirrels are frequent visitors and are as fond of sunflower seeds and corn as are the birds.
Squirrels are fun to watch.
Squirrels are fur.
Squirrels are furry, bright, lively little animals that are very busy.
Squirrels are game animals and are protected by state laws.
Squirrels are generally inquisitive and persistent animals.
Squirrels are gluttons, and they are curious.
Squirrels are good at it.
Squirrels are great acrobats.
Squirrels are highly excitable and can cause severe damage if trapped inside a building.
Squirrels are hungry, very hungry.
Squirrels are just rats with cuter outfits.
Squirrels are less likely to be seen during cold weather.
Squirrels are like children.
Squirrels are like little bolts of light.
Squirrels are like rats, and look more and more like rats all the time.
Squirrels are located in forests.
Squirrels are located in parks.
Squirrels are located in roofs.
Squirrels are located in streets.
Squirrels are located in trees.
Squirrels are located in yards.
Squirrels are located near trees.
Squirrels are mammals.
Squirrels are member of families.
Squirrels are most active at dawn and in the late afternoon.
Squirrels are most active during the day.
Squirrels are most active in the morning, foraging for food.
Squirrels are naturally curious.
Squirrels are naturally vegetarians in the wild.
Squirrels are notorious because of their habit of buying nuts in the ground.
Squirrels are notorious for stealing lots of seeds from feeders.
Squirrels are notorious nut hoarders.
Squirrels are notorious thieves, they steal food and property from other animals and people.
Squirrels are nuts.
Squirrels are often a pest in Albany.
Squirrels are often a pest in Denver.
Squirrels are often a pest in Huntsville.
Squirrels are often common problems with bird feeders.
Squirrels are often serious pests, especially if trees are located near a wooded area.
Squirrels are often the cause of power outages .
Squirrels are omnivores, which means that they eat both plants and animals.
Squirrels are omnivores, which means they like to eat plants and meat.
Squirrels are one of the state's most under-utilized game resources.
Squirrels are opportunists.
Squirrels are pests, vermin, and other descriptions too graphic for publication.
Squirrels are playful, friendly and chatty.
Squirrels are plentiful and partridges in fair quantities.
Squirrels are popular for their cache, burying food for the winter.
Squirrels are prevalent and can be readily observed at most Texas parks.
Squirrels are primarily herbivores.
Squirrels are primarily vegetarian and are noted for their fondness of seeds and nuts.
Squirrels are quick and nimble.
Squirrels are regular visitors to the feeder.
Squirrels Are relatively abundant in the conifer forests and are popular with small game hunters.
Squirrels are resilient and persistent.
Squirrels are rodents like mice, rats, and hamsters.
Squirrels are rodents.
Squirrels are runnng around the roads.
Squirrels are safest when they are able to move from tree to tree without traveling at ground level.
Squirrels are scavengers, and like to hunt for mushrooms.
Squirrels are seen as hunters and gatherers.
Squirrels are sexually mature and able to breed when approximately one year old.
Squirrels are skittish and at the same time trusting.
Squirrels are small, agile diurnal mammals.
Squirrels are smart, at least when it comes to defeating most anti squirrel devices.
Squirrels are so much fun, and a real challenge when there are still a few leaves on the trees.
Squirrels are solitary animals but can be very social where there is suitable habitat.
Squirrels are solitary animals.
Squirrels are some of the most conspicuous wild animals in urban and suburban settings.
Squirrels are somewhat gregarious, tolerating each other in small groups when food is plentiful.
Squirrels are squirrelly, and omnivorous behavior is just one manifestation.
Squirrels are still active all hours of the day because of excellent foraging conditions.
Squirrels are such acrobats and cute and amusing.
Squirrels are susceptible though, so watch for the warning signs.
Squirrels are the best animals since cats.
Squirrels are the cleanest animal in the rodent family.
Squirrels are the main mammal pests of pecans.
Squirrels are the most active in late winter, when the mating season begins.
Squirrels are typically on the move throughout the day.
Squirrels are uncanny acorn connoisseurs.
Squirrels are usually abundant along the White River and streams on the area.
Squirrels are usually active early in the morning and late in the afternoon.
Squirrels are vermins.
Squirrels are very adept at stealing food from feeders designed for flying creatures.
Squirrels are very adept swimmers, crossing lakes and rivers with ease.
Squirrels are very aware of territory.
Squirrels are very clean, daily spending time with personal grooming.
Squirrels are very cute until they become a pest around structures.
Squirrels are very dangerous if left alone in an attic.
Squirrels are very destructive.
Squirrels are very efficient about breaking into feeders.
Squirrels are very important tree planters.
Squirrels are very popular with children and hunters alike.
Squirrels are very territorial.
Squirrels are very unique in that they have virtually no waste.
Squirrels are, of course, rodents.
Squirrels assault people's gardens all over the world causing millions of dollars in crop damage.
Squirrels avoid people.
Squirrels avoid predators.
Squirrels basically are vegetarians.
Squirrels begin being busy in early morning.
Squirrels behave like rats too.
Squirrels belong in another family .
Squirrels belong in another family.
Squirrels belong to a group of animals called rodents .
Squirrels belong to the most successful and widespread order in the world, rodents.
Squirrels bite and have very sharp claws.
Squirrels breed twice a year.
Squirrels build big, leaf-filled nests in trees, and also use tree holes for nest shelters.
Squirrels build nests in trees.
Squirrels build nests with leaves.
Squirrels build their nests of leaves and sticks.
Squirrels bury acorns and nuts for winter food.
Squirrels bury acorns, in effect planting oak trees.
Squirrels bury acorns.
Squirrels bury food.
Squirrels bury nuts and acorns, sometimes in lawns.
Squirrels bury nuts for future food.
Squirrels bury nuts for winter food.
Squirrels bury nuts.
Squirrels bury oak tree seeds called acorns in the ground.
Squirrels bury seeds, thereby planting trees for humans.
Squirrels bury seeds.
Squirrels busily bury corn under the bird feeder and front porch.
Squirrels busily search for their buried nuts or, if unsuccessful, raid the bird feeder.
Squirrels cache hundreds to thousands of nuts and seeds throughout the forest each year.
Squirrels can also become a problem.
Squirrels can also become trapped in chimneys.
Squirrels can also carry some extremely dangerous diseases that can be transmitted to humans, ie.
Squirrels can be a problem with feeders.
Squirrels can be either right or left handed.
Squirrels can be live trapped.
Squirrels can be pests at bird feeders.
Squirrels can be very deceptive and they have many tricks up their sleeves.
Squirrels can be very noisy.
Squirrels can be very wary, and they usually have the benefit of an elevated position.
Squirrels can become a nuisance, especially in urban areas.
Squirrels can become pests in the absence of predators.
Squirrels can bite through any glove.
Squirrels can carry bubonic plaque and each year people in Arizona are affected.
Squirrels can carry rabies and other diseases.
Squirrels can cause a wide variety of problems.
Squirrels can cause physical damage to a building and they carry fleas.
Squirrels can easily chew through plastic and rope.
Squirrels can eat meat, chimpanzees can eat meat, humans can eat meat.
Squirrels can find buried food even underneath a layer of snow.
Squirrels can migrate great distances when overpopulation occurs.
Squirrels can still get on it, but they can only get a seed at a time.
Squirrels can thrive in both forests and cities.
Squirrels carry a variety of internal and external parasites.
Squirrels carry acorns.
Squirrels carry food around in their cheeks.
Squirrels carry nuts.
Squirrels catch attention.
Squirrels cause damage.
Squirrels cause extensive damage.
Squirrels cause millions dollars of damage to power transformers and lines every year.
Squirrels cause property damage.
Squirrels chase squirrels.
Squirrels chatter among each other, namely to sound the squirrel alarm if danger is nearby.
Squirrels chatter among the spruce.
Squirrels chatter high among pine boughs.
Squirrels chew acorns.
Squirrels chew holes.
Squirrels chew materials.
Squirrels chew on tree branches to sharpen and clean their teeth.
Squirrels chew pecans.
Squirrels claim an area, usually one to seven acres in size.
Squirrels climb our trees, dig up our seeds and plunder our bird feeders.
Squirrels collect acorns.
Squirrels collect acorns.
Squirrels come down their den trees and hop about, digging up acorns.
Squirrels come out of hibernation.
Squirrels commonly cache food, especially nuts, for future use.
Squirrels communicate through a series of chirps.
Squirrels communicate with a series of sharp barks usually accompanied with flicks of their tails.
Squirrels competing for food take longer to train to stay away.
Squirrels construct dens in the branches of oak trees usually by enlarging woodpecker holes.
Squirrels consume nuts.
Squirrels continue to do well mostly because they're under-harvested.
Squirrels cross roads.
Squirrels cross streets.
Squirrels defend territory.
Squirrels definitely take after the diligent.
Squirrels depend on oak trees for food and as places to build nests.
Squirrels depend on plants.
Squirrels depend on trees.
Squirrels desire nuts.
Squirrels destroy crops.
Squirrels destroy nests.
Squirrels destroy seeds.
Squirrels destroy vegetation.
Squirrels do eat birds' eggs as part of their natural diet.
Squirrels do indeed have a homing instinct.
Squirrels do like banana tree leaves.
Squirrels do millions of dollars worth of home damage.
Squirrels do the same.
Squirrels don t like lavender and sage.
Squirrels eat a variety of foods including acorns , various nuts , and pinecones .
Squirrels eat a variety of fresh greens as well as seeds and dried nuts.
Squirrels eat a wide variety of nuts, seeds and fruits.
Squirrels eat acorns, Daddy.
Squirrels eat acorns.
Squirrels eat acorns.
Squirrels eat an amazing variety of foods.
Squirrels eat berries.
Squirrels eat bird food.
Squirrels eat buds.
Squirrels eat diets.
Squirrels eat food.
Squirrels eat fruit.
Squirrels eat grass.
Squirrels eat insects.
Squirrels eat mature fruit.
Squirrels eat mostly plants, like seeds, nuts, leaves, maple sap, bulbs, bark, flowers, and roots.
Squirrels eat nuts, berries and insects.
Squirrels eat nuts, berries, and other parts of plants.
Squirrels eat nuts.
Squirrels eat pecans.
Squirrels eat plant food.
Squirrels eat plants.
Squirrels eat seeds from the fruit in winter.
Squirrels eat the seeds and bees make honey from the nectar of locust flowers.
Squirrels eat the tomatoes to get water.
Squirrels eat tree buds.
Squirrels eat truffles.
Squirrels eat vegetables.
Squirrels eat vegetation.
Squirrels eating the pine cones often free the seeds from inside.
Squirrels emerge from hibernation .
Squirrels emerge from trees.
Squirrels enjoy eating different varieties of fruits.
Squirrels enter burrows.
Squirrels especially love sunflower seeds and peanuts.
Squirrels feed in gardens.
Squirrels feed in trees.
Squirrels feed on acorns.
Squirrels feed on fruit.
Squirrels feed on nuts and seeds, fruits and other plant material, supplemented with a few insects.
Squirrels feed on nuts.
Squirrels feed on seeds.
Squirrels feed on the seeds and deer browse the foliage.
Squirrels feed on tree nuts.
Squirrels feel secure when they can hide in the blanket.
Squirrels fight even among themselves.
Squirrels find books to be particularly attractive nesting material.
Squirrels find food.
Squirrels forage for seeds.
Squirrels form colonies.
Squirrels frequent the site on a daily basis as well as many species of birds.
Squirrels gain access to roofs by climbing nearby trees, powerlines or trellises.
Squirrels gather food.
Squirrels gather nuts and acorns to store for food for long winters.
Squirrels gather nuts to last through the winter.
Squirrels gather the acorns.
Squirrels gather the fallen fruits and nibble away the husk, revealing the nut within.
Squirrels gather, eat and store acorns and other nuts for winter.
Squirrels generally consume nuts and berries for their diet.
Squirrels generally eat nuts and seeds, but fungi, insects and young birds are sometimes taken.
Squirrels generally give birth during the late spring months.
Squirrels generally have a bushy tail, large erect ears, and strong hind legs.
Squirrels generally live by themselves.
Squirrels get fur.
Squirrels get oxygen.
Squirrels get water.
Squirrels give birth to squirrels.
Squirrels give birth to their young about once or twice each year.
Squirrels go for white oak acorns first.
Squirrels graze in meadows.
Squirrels grow hair.
Squirrels grow slowly.
Squirrels has-part backs.
Squirrels has-part brains.
Squirrels has-part claws.
Squirrels has-part eyes.
Squirrels has-part legs.
Squirrels has-part stomachs.
Squirrels has-part tails.
Squirrels has-part teeth.
Squirrels hate winter.
Squirrels have (part) breasts.
Squirrels have (part) cell membranes.
Squirrels have (part) cells.
Squirrels have (part) chest cavities.
Squirrels have (part) chests.
Squirrels have (part) corpi.
Squirrels have (part) cytoplasm.
Squirrels have (part) ears.
Squirrels have (part) faces.
Squirrels have (part) heads.
Squirrels have (part) nuclei.
Squirrels have (part) pedal extremities.
Squirrels have (part) piluses.
Squirrels have (part) plasma membranes.
Squirrels have (part) rib cages.
Squirrels have (part) sections.
Squirrels have (part) skulls.
Squirrels have (part) sterna.
Squirrels have (part) vacuoles.
Squirrels have (part) vertebrate feet.
Squirrels have a social hierarchy determined by physical stature.
Squirrels have acorns.
Squirrels have active days.
Squirrels have adaptations for survival in the wild.
Squirrels have an omnivorous diet and normally feed on a range of foods.
Squirrels have antibodies.
Squirrels have been know to eat the drippings and sometimes build a nest if they can get inside.
Squirrels have belly fur.
Squirrels have brown fur.
Squirrels have chatter.
Squirrels have choices.
Squirrels have claws.
Squirrels have color vision but are blue and yellow colorblind.
Squirrels have contact.
Squirrels have dichromatic color vision.
Squirrels have even more in common with students.
Squirrels have faces.
Squirrels have feet.
Squirrels have few natural predators.
Squirrels have four sharp claws on their front feet and five on the rear.
Squirrels have four teeth in the front of their mouth that constantly grow throughout their lives.
Squirrels have front teeth.
Squirrels have fur.
Squirrels have fur.
Squirrels have glide membranes.
Squirrels have gray fur.
Squirrels have hind limbs.
Squirrels have large eyes, a coat of short fur, and bushy tails.
Squirrels have lifespans.
Squirrels have limbs.
Squirrels have many agility points.
Squirrels have many calls and signals to communicate among each other.
Squirrels have many predators or enemies.
Squirrels have membranes.
Squirrels have milk teeth.
Squirrels have natural predators.
Squirrels have no respect for privacy or property rights.
Squirrels have periods.
Squirrels have pitch chatter.
Squirrels have predators.
Squirrels have ranges.
Squirrels have sharp claws.
Squirrels have short forelimbs, with a small thumb, and longer hind limbs.
Squirrels have short lifespans.
Squirrels have skin.
Squirrels have stretchy skin.
Squirrels have teeth.
Squirrels have territory.
Squirrels have the ability to chew through tough shells, wood feeders and even metal.
Squirrels have the ability to learn far faster than a human.
Squirrels have the habit of stripping the bark off trees.
Squirrels have their good points, though.
Squirrels have three different body types.
Squirrels have upper and lower incisor teeth followed by a gap called a diastema.
Squirrels have very acute senses.
Squirrels have very interesting tails.
Squirrels have vision.
Squirrels have whiskers.
Squirrels hear sound.
Squirrels hibernate during the coldest part of the winter.
Squirrels hibernate during winter.
Squirrels hibernate in burrows.
Squirrels hide acorns.
Squirrels hide and sleep in a secret warm place all winter.
Squirrels hide burrows.
Squirrels hide food away for the winter, especially acorns, walnuts, and hickory nut.
Squirrels hide food.
Squirrels hide in places.
Squirrels hide in various places.
Squirrels hide nuts.
Squirrels hoard, birds fly, bonfires, hawk's cry.
Squirrels hunt acorns.
Squirrels inhabit every continent except Australia and Antarctica.
Squirrels instinctively collect and store nuts and other seeds for winter.
Squirrels invade towns.
Squirrels jump over fences.
Squirrels just crack the nuts open with their powerful jaws.
Squirrels just do the best they can, and some years have better nut seasons than others.
Squirrels keep nests.
Squirrels keep the same den all their lives.
Squirrels kill and castrate other squirrels.
Squirrels leave interesting tracks.
Squirrels like to eat seeds, fruits, buds, bark, roots, nuts, and mushrooms.
Squirrels live all over Minnesota.
Squirrels live for years.
Squirrels live in a drey that they build high up in a tree.
Squirrels live in a drey.
Squirrels live in areas.
Squirrels live in colonies.
Squirrels live in continents.
Squirrels live in deciduous woodlands.
Squirrels live in forests.
Squirrels live in habitats.
Squirrels live in holes.
Squirrels live in hollowed out openings in trees created by rot or damage.
Squirrels live in large areas.
Squirrels live in nests.
Squirrels live in North America, South America, Asia, and Africa.
Squirrels live in parks.
Squirrels live in regions.
Squirrels live in trees and dumpsters.
Squirrels live in trees and eat seeds, buds, fungi, cones and fruits.
Squirrels live in trees.
Squirrels live in trees.
Squirrels live in treetops.
Squirrels live in wood areas.
Squirrels live in woodlands.
Squirrels live inside tree trunks, and rabbits live at the base of the tree.
Squirrels live on all continents except Australia.
Squirrels live on all continents of the world except Australia and Antarctica.
Squirrels live on all continents of the world, except Australia and Antarctica.
Squirrels live on forests.
Squirrels live on ground.
Squirrels live on nuts.
Squirrels look like they run fast and for there size and weight they do.
Squirrels lose excess heat to shaded surfaces and camels to cooler night air.
Squirrels love acorns.
Squirrels love berries.
Squirrels love corn.
Squirrels love food.
Squirrels love it too.
Squirrels love it.
Squirrels love nuts.
Squirrels love sunflower seeds.
Squirrels love trees.
Squirrels make good allies.
Squirrels make homes.
Squirrels mark their territory by urinating on the surrounding trees.
Squirrels mate in late winter or early spring.
Squirrels move from trees.
Squirrels move legs.
Squirrels move nuts.
Squirrels move within their range according to availability of food.
Squirrels need contain proteins.
Squirrels need food.
Squirrels need proteins.
Squirrels occasionally attack garden fruits and vegetables too.
Squirrels occasionally damage lawns by burying or searching for and digging up nuts.
Squirrels occasionally eat berries, insects, fungi and carrion.
Squirrels occupy areas.
Squirrels occupy burrows.
Squirrels occupy niches.
Squirrels occur in areas.
Squirrels occur in counties.
Squirrels occur in habitats.
Squirrels occur in hardwood habitats.
Squirrels ordinarily produce one or two litters of young each year.
Squirrels otherwise appear to be safe and pose almost zero risk of transmitting rabies .
Squirrels pick up acorns.
Squirrels pick up organisms.
Squirrels place their feet next to each other rather than one in front of the other.
Squirrels play in backyards.
Squirrels play in branches.
Squirrels play in brushes.
Squirrels play in landscapes.
Squirrels play in treetops.
Squirrels play on the front porch, and the paint is peeling.
Squirrels possess cells.
Squirrels possess coats.
Squirrels possess fur.
Squirrels possess grasp hands.
Squirrels possess hands.
Squirrels possess nuts.
Squirrels possess shelter.
Squirrels prefer areas.
Squirrels prefer desert habitats.
Squirrels prefer food.
Squirrels prefer forests.
Squirrels prefer habitats.
Squirrels prefer hickory nuts, beechnuts, and white and red oak acorns.
Squirrels prefer nuts.
Squirrels prefer rocky habitats.
Squirrels prefer seeds.
Squirrels prefer the holes made when a small limb is broken off and decays back into the trunk.
Squirrels prefer to eat berry fruit.
Squirrels prefer trees.
Squirrels prefer woodlands.
Squirrels produce noise.
Squirrels produce smooth, oval pellets that are slightly larger.
Squirrels prosper when there is a decent mast crop and mild winter.
Squirrels quit scampering about.
Squirrels ravage the crop in the forests of Ecuador.
Squirrels reach full height.
Squirrels reach height.
Squirrels readily accept nest boxes.
Squirrels really are different.
Squirrels receive food.
Squirrels rent throughout Ireland, including medieval to wineries and vineyards.
Squirrels reproduce asexually.
Squirrels require acorns.
Squirrels require diets.
Squirrels require food.
Squirrels require oxygen.
Squirrels require water.
Squirrels resemble rats.
Squirrels reside in captive environments.
Squirrels reside in environments.
Squirrels roam wood.
Squirrels run up and down the cables, bobbling and leaping along the thin wires.
Squirrels run up people's pants legs and scratch their skin.
Squirrels run up trees, people have fun.
Squirrels running around like crazy storing acorns understand.
Squirrels rush into trees to hide.
Squirrels save food.
Squirrels save nuts for the winter.
Squirrels save nuts.
Squirrels see only in shades of black and white, but their eyes are sharp and detect movement well.
Squirrels seek acorns.
Squirrels seek food.
Squirrels seek meals.
Squirrels seek nuts.
Squirrels seem oblivious to the smell and harvest the nuts quickly.
Squirrels seem particularly adept at locating, digging up and eating newly planted corms.
Squirrels shake tails.
Squirrels share habitats.
Squirrels share landscapes.
Squirrels show responses.
Squirrels signal danger to other squirrels by chattering.
Squirrels simply have one mission in life, and that's to break into feeders.
Squirrels simply slip off the guards before they can reach the seed.
Squirrels sit in trees.
Squirrels sit on branches.
Squirrels sleep in leaves in the winter.
Squirrels spend less time with scents similar to their own, more with odors less like their own.
Squirrels spread seeds.
Squirrels stay in their burrows at night and during the warmest part of summer days.
Squirrels steal food.
Squirrels steal seeds.
Squirrels store food and recover it as needed.
Squirrels store food for winter.
Squirrels store food to prepare for winter.
Squirrels store food.
Squirrels survive winter.
Squirrels swim across lakes.
Squirrels take the bait in a forest glade on the southwest corner of campus near Strawberry Creek.
Squirrels tend to avoid metal boxes while both squirrels and starlings prefer to nest in wood boxes.
Squirrels tend to collect food and hide it for times when food is scarce, as in winter.
Squirrels tend to move within their range according to the season and availability of food.
Squirrels think of owls, foxes, oak trees, etc.
Squirrels think smokers look really cool.
Squirrels thrive here and green woodpeckers nest in holes in the mature trees.
Squirrels thrive in different habitats.
Squirrels thrive in habitats.
Squirrels thrive in many different habitats.
Squirrels thrive in nearly mature or mature forests.
Squirrels to adapt to habitats.
Squirrels try to, too, even though they have their own ears of corn set aside.
Squirrels use body gestures and tail waving to communicate.
Squirrels use both tree cavities and leaf nests.
Squirrels use broad tails.
Squirrels use burrows.
Squirrels use large leaf nests in trees.
Squirrels use leaves to make their home.
Squirrels use tails.
Squirrels use their tails to keep their balance when they are leaping and climbing.
Squirrels View the most common mammal at our feeders.
Squirrels visit feeders.
Squirrels walk on legs.
Squirrels walk through the rose bushes lining the fence.
Squirrels want food.
Squirrels want nests.
Squirrels want seeds.
Squirrels want something.
Squirrels want trees.
Squirrels weigh ounces.
Squirrels wrap their tail around themselves when they sleep.
Squirrels frequently bury extra food and dig it up later when needed.
Squirrels often bury their nuts.
Squirrels often dig up and eat the fruiting bodies of a subterranean mushroom.
Squirrels often eat nuts.
Squirrels often focus on hickory nuts before they begin working on the acorns produced by oak trees.
Squirrels often run along the waters edge and on a branch that stretches over parts of the pond.
Squirrels often sun themselves on a tree branch, on a rock, or by a burrow.
Squirrels often use dens in winter and dreys in summer.
Squirrels often use dens in winter months and dreys in summer months.
Squirrels sometimes dig and eat flower bulbs and newly planted seeds.
Squirrels sometimes seek out an attic as a safe location to have their young.
Squirrels sometimes use deceptive behavior to prevent other animals from retrieving cached food.
Squirrels usually enter the home along eves, chimneys or any where they can pull away siding.
Squirrels usually live in colonies of up to twenty.
Squirrels usually live in trees.
All squirrels have sharp eyesight and wide vision.
All squirrels have sharp eyesight.
All squirrels have strong hind legs.
All squirrels receive a formula-based diet, specially prepared for squirrels.
Every squirrel carries an umbrella.
Many squirrels find themselves caught in enclosed swimming pools.
Many squirrels help distribute the seeds throughout the forest.
Many squirrels live in burrows under the ground instead of in the trees.
Most squirrels adapt to hot weather.
Most squirrels are active during the daytime.
Most squirrels are capable of constructing a nest in one day.
Most squirrels are member of families.
Most squirrels are sedentary, however, spending their entire lives within a single acre of land.
Most squirrels are vegetarians.
Most squirrels avoid people.
Most squirrels avoid predators.
Most squirrels bury acorns.
Most squirrels bury nuts.
Most squirrels carry acorns.
Most squirrels carry nuts.
Most squirrels catch attention.
Most squirrels cause damage.
Most squirrels cause extensive damage.
Most squirrels cause property damage.
Most squirrels chew acorns.
Most squirrels chew holes.
Most squirrels chew materials.
Most squirrels chew pecans.
Most squirrels collect acorns.
Most squirrels come out of hibernation.
Most squirrels cross roads.
Most squirrels cross streets.
Most squirrels defend territory.
Most squirrels depend on plants.
Most squirrels depend on trees.
Most squirrels destroy crops.
Most squirrels destroy nests.
Most squirrels destroy seeds.
Most squirrels destroy vegetation.
Most squirrels eat acorns.
Most squirrels eat berries.
Most squirrels eat bird food.
Most squirrels eat buds.
Most squirrels eat diets.
Most squirrels eat food.
Most squirrels eat fruit.
Most squirrels eat grass.
Most squirrels eat insects.
Most squirrels eat mature fruit.
Most squirrels eat nuts, seeds, and fruit.
Most squirrels eat nuts, seeds, grain, and fruit.
Most squirrels eat nuts.
Most squirrels eat pecans.
Most squirrels eat plant food.
Most squirrels eat plants.
Most squirrels eat tree buds.
Most squirrels eat truffles.
Most squirrels eat vegetables.
Most squirrels eat vegetation.
Most squirrels emerge from trees.
Most squirrels enter burrows.
Most squirrels feed in gardens.
Most squirrels feed in trees.
Most squirrels feed on acorns.
Most squirrels feed on fruit.
Most squirrels feed on nuts.
Most squirrels feed on seeds.
Most squirrels feed on tree nuts.
Most squirrels find food.
Most squirrels gather food.
Most squirrels get fur.
Most squirrels get oxygen.
Most squirrels get water.
Most squirrels give birth to squirrels.
Most squirrels graze in meadows.
Most squirrels grow hair.
Most squirrels has-part backs.
Most squirrels has-part brains.
Most squirrels has-part claws.
Most squirrels has-part eyes.
Most squirrels has-part legs.
Most squirrels has-part stomachs.
Most squirrels has-part tails.
Most squirrels has-part teeth.
Most squirrels have acorns.
Most squirrels have antibodies.
Most squirrels have belly fur.
Most squirrels have brown fur.
Most squirrels have chatter.
Most squirrels have choices.
Most squirrels have claws.
Most squirrels have contact.
Most squirrels have feet.
Most squirrels have few natural predators.
Most squirrels have front teeth.
Most squirrels have fur.
Most squirrels have glide membranes.
Most squirrels have gray fur.
Most squirrels have lifespans.
Most squirrels have limbs.
Most squirrels have membranes.
Most squirrels have milk teeth.
Most squirrels have natural predators.
Most squirrels have periods.
Most squirrels have pitch chatter.
Most squirrels have predators.
Most squirrels have ranges.
Most squirrels have sharp claws.
Most squirrels have short lifespans.
Most squirrels have skin.
Most squirrels have stretchy skin.
Most squirrels have teeth.
Most squirrels have territory.
Most squirrels have vision.
Most squirrels have whiskers.
Most squirrels hear sound.
Most squirrels hibernate during winter.
Most squirrels hibernate in burrows.
Most squirrels hide acorns.
Most squirrels hide burrows.
Most squirrels hide food.
Most squirrels hide in places.
Most squirrels hide in various places.
Most squirrels hide nuts.
Most squirrels invade towns.
Most squirrels jump over fences.
Most squirrels keep nests.
Most squirrels live for years.
Most squirrels live in areas.
Most squirrels live in colonies.
Most squirrels live in continents.
Most squirrels live in deciduous woodlands.
Most squirrels live in forests.
Most squirrels live in habitats.
Most squirrels live in holes.
Most squirrels live in large areas.
Most squirrels live in nests.
Most squirrels live in parks.
Most squirrels live in regions.
Most squirrels live in trees and jump from branch to branch.
Most squirrels live in trees.
Most squirrels live in treetops.
Most squirrels live in wood areas.
Most squirrels live in woodlands.
Most squirrels live on forests.
Most squirrels live on ground.
Most squirrels live on nuts.
Most squirrels love corn.
Most squirrels love food.
Most squirrels love trees.
Most squirrels make homes.
Most squirrels mate in early spring after much fighting and chasing.
Most squirrels mate in early spring, after much fighting and chasing.
Most squirrels move from trees.
Most squirrels move legs.
Most squirrels move nuts.
Most squirrels occupy areas.
Most squirrels occupy burrows.
Most squirrels occupy niches.
Most squirrels occur in areas.
Most squirrels occur in counties.
Most squirrels occur in habitats.
Most squirrels occur in hardwood habitats.
Most squirrels pick up acorns.
Most squirrels pick up organisms.
Most squirrels play in backyards.
Most squirrels play in branches.
Most squirrels play in brushes.
Most squirrels play in landscapes.
Most squirrels play in treetops.
Most squirrels possess cells.
Most squirrels possess coats.
Most squirrels possess fur.
Most squirrels possess grasp hands.
Most squirrels possess hands.
Most squirrels possess nuts.
Most squirrels possess shelter.
Most squirrels prefer areas.
Most squirrels prefer desert habitats.
Most squirrels prefer food.
Most squirrels prefer forests.
Most squirrels prefer habitats.
Most squirrels prefer nuts.
Most squirrels prefer rocky habitats.
Most squirrels prefer seeds.
Most squirrels prefer trees.
Most squirrels prefer woodlands.
Most squirrels produce noise.
Most squirrels reach full height.
Most squirrels reach height.
Most squirrels receive food.
Most squirrels require acorns.
Most squirrels require diets.
Most squirrels require food.
Most squirrels require oxygen.
Most squirrels require water.
Most squirrels resemble rats.
Most squirrels reside in captive environments.
Most squirrels reside in environments.
Most squirrels save food.
Most squirrels save nuts.
Most squirrels seek acorns.
Most squirrels seek food.
Most squirrels seek meals.
Most squirrels seek nuts.
Most squirrels shake tails.
Most squirrels share landscapes.
Most squirrels show responses.
Most squirrels sit in trees.
Most squirrels sit on branches.
Most squirrels spend their time running from unleashed dogs and begging for peanuts.
Most squirrels spread seeds.
Most squirrels steal food.
Most squirrels steal seeds.
Most squirrels survive winter.
Most squirrels swim across lakes.
Most squirrels thrive in different habitats.
Most squirrels thrive in habitats.
Most squirrels thrive in many different habitats.
Most squirrels use broad tails.
Most squirrels use burrows.
Most squirrels use tails.
Most squirrels visit feeders.
Most squirrels walk on legs.
Most squirrels weigh ounces.
Some squirrels adapt to life.
Some squirrels also display patches of white.
Some squirrels also hibernate in burrows during the winter to keep warm.
Some squirrels appear in books.
Some squirrels are crepuscular.
Some squirrels are inside hickories.
Some squirrels are located on continents.
Some squirrels attack humans.
Some squirrels become food.
Some squirrels become survival.
Some squirrels bite heads.
Some squirrels bite visitors.
Some squirrels bring black death.
Some squirrels bring death.
Some squirrels build their nest high up in trees.
Some squirrels can have babies.
Some squirrels can have cysts.
Some squirrels can have numerous cysts.
Some squirrels carry diseases.
Some squirrels carry seeds.
Some squirrels chew branches.
Some squirrels chew plastic.
Some squirrels chew through wire.
Some squirrels chew wire.
Some squirrels collect crops.
Some squirrels come into contact.
Some squirrels compete with livestock.
Some squirrels consume arthropods.
Some squirrels consume plants.
Some squirrels cross fences.
Some squirrels cross rivers.
Some squirrels cross tracks.
Some squirrels depend on coniferous trees.
Some squirrels depend on nests.
Some squirrels destroy grain.
Some squirrels destroy wood.
Some squirrels die younger and some older.
Some squirrels dig holes.
Some squirrels don t like trees so they live on the ground.
Some squirrels eat bones.
Some squirrels eat cookies.
Some squirrels eat eggs.
Some squirrels eat flowers.
Some squirrels eat maples.
Some squirrels eat seeds.
Some squirrels eat tree seeds.
Some squirrels emerge from brushes.
Some squirrels emerge from burrows.
Some squirrels emerge from hibernation.
Some squirrels emerge from nests.
Some squirrels emit peeps.
Some squirrels enter attics.
Some squirrels enter gardens.
Some squirrels enter houses.
Some squirrels enter states.
Some squirrels feed in feeders.
Some squirrels feed in forests.
Some squirrels feed in towns.
Some squirrels feed on buds.
Some squirrels feed on larvae.
Some squirrels follow tracks.
Some squirrels go to holes.
Some squirrels have a taste for truffles, the fruiting bodies of certain fungi.
Some squirrels have activities.
Some squirrels have approaches.
Some squirrels have blood.
Some squirrels have cheek pouches.
Some squirrels have high tolerance.
Some squirrels have parasites.
Some squirrels have phases.
Some squirrels have pouches.
Some squirrels have sharpness.
Some squirrels have sides.
Some squirrels have similar patterns.
Some squirrels have tolerance.
Some squirrels have years.
Some squirrels help forests.
Some squirrels hide in forests.
Some squirrels hide in grass.
Some squirrels hide in holes.
Some squirrels hide in trees.
Some squirrels hold tails.
Some squirrels inhabit corners.
Some squirrels inhabit minnesota states.
Some squirrels inhabit states.
Some squirrels invade homes.
Some squirrels keep seeds.
Some squirrels live in adjacent communities.
Some squirrels live in Africa.
Some squirrels live in burrows.
Some squirrels live in California.
Some squirrels live in communities.
Some squirrels live in conifers.
Some squirrels live in environments.
Some squirrels live in grassland.
Some squirrels live in meadows.
Some squirrels live in mountains.
Some squirrels live in native communities.
Some squirrels live in oak.
Some squirrels live in vegetative communities.
Some squirrels live on grassland.
Some squirrels live up to years.
Some squirrels lose weight.
Some squirrels love nests.
Some squirrels make armies.
Some squirrels make burrows.
Some squirrels make food.
Some squirrels make good food.
Some squirrels make nests.
Some squirrels migrate to regions.
Some squirrels occupy ranges.
Some squirrels occur in cities.
Some squirrels occur in locations.
Some squirrels play important roles.
Some squirrels play in trees.
Some squirrels play in wood.
Some squirrels play roles.
Some squirrels possess babies.
Some squirrels possess enemies.
Some squirrels possess flaps.
Some squirrels possess food.
Some squirrels possess homes.
Some squirrels prefer berries.
Some squirrels prefer holes.
Some squirrels prefer mature woodlands.
Some squirrels prefer meadows.
Some squirrels prefer oak.
Some squirrels provide food.
Some squirrels recover from fungal infection.
Some squirrels recover from infection.
Some squirrels rely on diaphragms.
Some squirrels rely on truffles.
Some squirrels remain in burrows.
Some squirrels require attention.
Some squirrels require habitats.
Some squirrels require immediate attention.
Some squirrels require trees.
Some squirrels seek shelter.
Some squirrels seek water.
Some squirrels sit in burrows.
Some squirrels sit in feeders.
Some squirrels sit in habitats.
Some squirrels sit in vegetation.
Some squirrels sit on fences.
Some squirrels sit on rails.
Some squirrels sit on wire.
Some squirrels stand in Arkansas.
Some squirrels stay in dens.
Some squirrels survive food shortages.
Some squirrels survive shortages.
Some squirrels survive storms.
Some squirrels take up residences.
Some squirrels threaten survival.
Some squirrels throw acorns.
Some squirrels transmit diseases.
Some squirrels use bird feeders.
Some squirrels use cavities.
Some squirrels use feeders.
Some squirrels use hollow cavities.
Some squirrels use hollow tree cavities.
Some squirrels use tree cavities.
Some squirrels visit backyards.
Some squirrels visit gardens.
Some squirrels walk on vegetation.
Some squirrels weigh grams.
Most squirrelfishes are reddish in color mixed with silver and white.
A squirt gun is a toy
Squirt guns are guns and therefore violate weapons policies.
Squirt guns are located in toy stores.
Squirt guns are the premier cat-training tool.
A squirter is a toy
Squirters enable previously unavailable control.
Squished pennies are no new kid on the memory-maker block.
Squishy foam is better.
Squishy moccasins sounds kinda nasty.
Squmous cells form intercellular bridges.
SR proteins are sufficient for exon bridging.
A sr is an unit
SR acts as damage control for problematic software installations.
SR agrees that major improvements are needed in project management.
SR also approves and administers grant budgets.
SR also offers multiple year subscription options.
SR also offers outsourced solutions.
SR also offers the ability to manually perform a backup at any time.
SR also supports shared global variables and operations.
Sr are constant.
SR believes that success is the result of quality performance.
SR brushes with perfection but falls short.
SR can help, although it takes time.
SR -Cereal, donut, milk.
SR customizes each client's relationship and program to meet their specific needs and requirements.
SR encourages students from all majors to submit their Student Profile and resume.
SR explains that the two doors are never closed at the same time in the runner's frame of reference.
SR follows a C-like syntax, providing a wide range of parallel constructs.
SR has many positive effects inside and out.
SR indicates a step on the right foot.
SR is a given.
SR is a good time, though.
SR is a part of the only permanent resolution.
SR is a record of appellate cases for the Southern region including Florida.
SR is a specialized college recruiting and consulting firm.
SR is a subsea non-intrusive multiphase flow meter.
SR is a weighted version of the difference of row proportions.
SR is also a highly polarised source.
SR is an independent company.
SR is essentially an electronic scripture-oriented card catalogue.
SR is extensive and runs around the myofibrils.
SR is formulated without mentioning c.
SR is impossible without a delay in that response directed toward immediate reinforcement.
SR is one.
SR is powerful.
SR is probably the most vital thing needed for many conditions.
SR is skilled relaxation.
SR is the default.
SR is the solution to that situation.
SR is thus a multi-standard, flexible wireless system.
SR provides a novel integration of the mechanisms for invoking and servicing operations.
SR requires non-linear systems.
SR requires that all movement originate with external energy.
SR requires the neutrino to describe radiation or decay.
SR satisfies our clients because our business flexibility is designed to match their priorities.
SR strives to make that happen for every student who uses our FREE services.
SR utilizes powerful technologies to provide the best testing tools.
Srs are programming language.
SRDC instructors are experienced rowers that have rowed for universities up and down the East Coast.
SRSs facilitate evaluation of analytical accuracy.
SSAA members discount.
SSBG funds provide both family planning services and pregnancy and parenting services for teens.
SSDI benefits can be substantial.
SSDI benefits can continue for up to nine months after an individual attempts to return to work.
Ssh clients are available for various platforms in both freeware and commercial versions.
SSN disclosure is mandatory.
SSN disclosure is voluntary.
SSN validation provides essential information at no additional cost.
SSP clients pass referendums.
SSP horses are also eligible to be listed in our sales catalog.
Any SSPforum subscriber can post a message to the list.
SSPP authorization is required before disposing of any vehicle, by any method.
SSSS members have monthly cruises to local waters with potlucks, games, and a general good time.
SSTable objects are extremely flexible.
SSTable objects have an efficient searching mechanism built internally.
SSTable objects provide for their own persistent storage management.
A stab is effort
Every stab just leads to another target.
Stabalized straps prevent bouncing.
A stabilisation is improvement
Stabilisation allows all the surveillance element of the system to operate while on the move.
Stabilisation then follows at a slower pace over the next few months.
A stabiliser is a device
Stabilisers are substances which are capable of maintaining such uniform dispersion.
Stabilisers make polymers less prone to degradation either during manufacture or in use.
Stabilisers work by dmapening bow vibrations that are in inherent in the design of the bow.
Stabilisers always contain metallic compounds together with various organic compounds.
Stability control can help any vehicle.
Stabilities are very good, but gain variations across the band are somewhat disappointing.
Stability allows self- respect instead of opportunism and betrayal.
Stability also becomes a big issue.
Stability also depends on effective budgetary discipline.
Stability also is related to brand name.
Stability also plays a huge role in developing confidence quickly in a beginner.
Stability also plays a role in determining cloud band structure.
Stability also requires economic and social well-being.
Stability analyses of structures by equilibrium, energy and dynamic methods.
Stability analyses of underground and surface excavations in jointed rock.
Stability analyses of underground openings using a multiaxial failure criterion.
Stability analyses using the Z-transform.
Stability appears to be a thing of the past.
Stability avoids costs due to change.
Stability becomes more involved.
Stability can also be important in the design of modern tall buildings, and examples are given.
Stability can come from other places.
Stability comes at a price.
Stability comes from trust or believing.
Stability comes in many forms.
Stability correlates with many different attributes or properties.
Stability declines as organic matter content decreases in the topsoil.
Stability deflects risk-taking.
Stability depends in part upon the transparency of the legal rules that govern the nation.
Stability depends on benefits.
Stability depends on cost.
Stability determines the long-term accuracy of the time delays.
Stability examines reliability over time.
Stability fits quite nicely with a monopoly environment.
Stability follows from greater awareness and reliance on laws, regulations, and judicial decisions.
Stability fosters emotional security for children.
Stability gives a sense of security and peace.
Stability goes to zero on every greater ebb as salt is washed out of the system.
Stability grows out of a good foundation.
Stability has to be investigated.
Stability Have a work routine and job duties that are largely predictable.
Stability helps neighborhoods seek justice.
Stability implies more than one measurement.
Stability increases due to the wheel remaining near the peak friction force.
Stability is a blessing for Russia.
Stability is a by-word in our company.
Stability is a commitment to the common life, prayer and work of the Order.
Stability is a concept rather than a single figure.
Stability is a concern.
Stability is a critical attribute for developing countries in the global market.
Stability is a crucial part of the development of an economy.
Stability is a dynamic event and is affected by quite a number of different vessel parameters.
Stability is a feature of the configuration-energy function of the system.
Stability is a fluid thing in a fight.
Stability is a foreign word.
Stability is a function of center of gravity, ballast, shape of the raft and the sea anchor.
Stability is a given with our full length tunnel dividing and offsetting the load fulcrums.
Stability is a goal in every society.
Stability is a good bet.
Stability is a good thing.
Stability is a key advantage, especially in comparison with big-name competitors.
Stability is a key benefit as well as the speed gain.
Stability is a key factor for children of any age.
Stability is a key feature.
Stability is a key ingredient for success, and our college has proven that.
Stability is a key issue and people are responding to it.
Stability is a key issue for the first pilot study.
Stability is a longer-term disability.
Stability is a matter of degree.
Stability is a measure of the support capacity of the soils, which contain water and sewer lines.
Stability is a problem, though.
Stability is a profitable business.
Stability is a rare quality on the internet, and rarer still among search engines.
Stability is a relative term indicating constancy.
Stability is a serious concern for businesses and OEMs considering the adoption of a new chipset.
Stability is a sign of success.
Stability is a temporary state in the community's life cycle.
Stability is a very demanding condition.
Stability is a word that describes best their latest offerings.
Stability is achieved by adhering to accepted, i.e., old, standards.
Stability is achieved by having only two atoms per molecule.
Stability is achieved through an official or semi-official description of the language.
Stability is akey to long-term sucess, obviously.
Stability is already long overdue.
Stability is also a concern.
Stability is also a notion foreign to computer centre managers.
Stability is also critical.
Stability is also important, but difficult to achieve, in biotechnological applications.
Stability is also quite impressive, especially for a beta product.
Stability is always a risk.
Stability is an illusion.
Stability is an important issue that needs to be addressed.
Stability is an important issue when it comes to developing relationships.
Stability is an inner landscape that goes wherever one goes.
Stability is analyzed rigorously.
Stability is another advantage.
Stability is another issue to consider.
Stability is another issue, however.
Stability is another one to consider.
Stability is appreciated so that they can count on things to remain more or less the same.
Stability is arguably more important than the actual flow level.
Stability is arguably the most important numerical property.
Stability is as much a function of the sampler as of the sampled.
Stability is assessed in terms of reliability as well as customary factors of safety.
Stability is based on the cavity's ability to contain the beam.
Stability is bought with volts, and sold with MHz.
Stability is but a momentary transition in a stream of continuous change.
Stability is central to growth and development.
Stability is central to political performance.
Stability is certainly an agreeable concept.
Stability is certainly more consistent from one version to the next for the BSDs.
Stability is dependent upon both internal friction and cohesion.
Stability is determined by retrospective analysis of one or more chest films.
Stability is determined primarily by the types of dyes used to make the discs.
Stability is employment and residence are also extremely important.
Stability is enhanced when an air mass is colder than the surface over which is is moving.
Stability is equal to that of an ordinary yacht without recourse to extreme beam .
Stability is especially important in cooking oil to prevent rancidity and off flavors or odors.
Stability is essential to home owners.
Stability is essential to the flexibility required in the give and take.
Stability is essential.
Stability is everything.
Stability is favored by even numbers of protons and even numbers of neutrons.
Stability is firmness
Stability is first consideration.
Stability is found in most people's impressions.
Stability is fragile in such systems.
Stability is good, but too much can be boring.
Stability is good, says the rule.
Stability is good, simply because it feels nice.
Stability is good.
Stability is guaranteed by a waistband that runs from the inside through to the coil steel boning.
Stability is high.
Stability is illusory, of course.
Stability is important for other reasons, too.
Stability is important in an administrator.
Stability is important to a child as well as a school.
Stability is important to prevent jittery star images, and smooth movements help in star-hopping.
Stability is important to prevent rancidity and off flavors or odors.
Stability is important.
Stability is impressive, at any speed.
Stability is improved by the use of an effective bow and a flexible tail.
Stability is increased as pain and muscle spasm decrease.
Stability is just one of many areas affecting the quality of life for our people.
Stability is justified and quasi-optimal error bounds are presented.
Stability is key to the vehicle's overall effectiveness.
Stability is less to be desired than resilience.
Stability is linked with the unity and integrity of the country.
Stability is maintained through the limitation placed on the intelligence of each group.
Stability is maintained throughout the entire pH range encountered during the digestion process.
Stability is measured by determining the maximum operating temperature under specified conditions.
Stability is measured experimentally from unfolding transition curves by denaturation in urea.
Stability is measured in months or weeks as opposed to days or hours.
Stability is measured in years.
Stability is more fundamental than change.
Stability is more important than democracy.
Stability is much better now than it was when the system was first delivered.
Stability is much more difficult to define, but can be generally thought of in two ways.
Stability is needed as more translations are added.
Stability is needed, as is a way to cite the literature.
Stability is nice, but new is nicer.
Stability is no longer the consequence of the general laws of physics.
Stability is no longer the dominant feature.
Stability is nowhere in sight.
Stability is of paramount concern.
Stability is of primary importance.
Stability is of utmost importance when astrophotograhy is being attempted.
Stability is of vital importance to the continued viability of federal-lands ranching operations.
Stability is often more important than speed.
Stability is one of the major factors of a proper bridge.
Stability is one of the most basic aspects of life.
Stability is one of the most important aspects that any athlete needs to succeed.
Stability is one.
Stability is order.
Stability is paramount over everything else.
Stability is paramount.
Stability is particularly important when performing pore gas measurements.
Stability is pleasant and nourishing.
Stability is precarious.
Stability is primarily a function of beam and bottom shape, but it is also affected by length.
Stability is priority of the day.
Stability is proved under a suitable CFL condition.
Stability is provided by the physical conditions of the tree.
Stability is questionable.
Stability is rated by how much force it takes for a layer of snow to fail.
Stability is related to the basic cybernetic concept goal.
Stability is resting on a firm foundation, it is rootedness.
Stability is restored along with mobility.
Stability is restored by the formation of double bonds.
Stability is restored in the Soviet Union but unrest is stirred in the Empire.
Stability is rooted in good order, clearly proclaimed and justly secured through sound guidelines.
Stability is seen as most likely to be secured by further economic and social reform.
Stability is slow in coming for the many refugees displaced by the conflict in Kosovo.
Stability is solid and the price is quite competitive.
Stability is solid.
Stability is sought.
Stability is still another consideration.
Stability is superior to many electronically-stabilized instruments.
Stability is surprising.
Stability is the ability of a component or structure to remain stationary or in a steady state.
Stability is the basic condition for healthy and sustainable development.
Stability is the basic requirement for a good currency.
Stability is the byword of the market-driven approach.
Stability is the capacity of a system to return to equilibrium after it has been disturbed.
Stability is the elimination of internecine tion and erratic fluctuations in the economy.
Stability is the fundamental here.
Stability is the goal.
Stability is the highest virtue because it leads to happiness.
Stability is the key concern with cost of secondary importance.
Stability is the key in healthy children.
Stability is the key in their lives.
Stability is the key to raising children.
Stability is the key to success.
Stability is the key word.
Stability is the key.
Stability is the level of biological activity in a moist, warm, and aerated compost pile.
Stability is the mark of stasis.
Stability is the most important factor.
Stability is the norm and changes typically produce a signal that draws attention.
Stability is the obvious reason.
Stability is the password.
Stability is the precondition for development and reform.
Stability is the proof of the effectiveness of the institution.
Stability is the regime's code for avoiding the dangers of democracy.
Stability is the resistance of a boat to forces that tend to induce heeling.
Stability is the tendency of a system to return to an equilibrium state after it is perturbed.
Stability is the tendency of a vessel to rotate one way or the other when forcibly inclined.
Stability is the tendency of the boat to roll or tip while in the water.
Stability is therefore a very relative term.
Stability is usually rather loose.
Stability is usually the longest phase of a population's life cycle.
Stability is very good.
Stability is very important in one's vertical jumping ability.
Stability is very important to China.
Stability is very important.
Stability is vital.
Stability is wanted quickly.
Stability is what gives investors the confidence to risk their capital.
Stability is what requires explanation.
Stability is woven by complex webs.
Stability is, further, indicative of overclocking potential.
Stability is, indeed, a comforting concept.
Stability isa quality.
Stability makes possible economic investment.
Stability matters more than ever in the new economy.
Stability means having control of body position during freefall.
Stability means running without crashing or other problems.
Stability means structural stabillity.
Stability means Taiwan is still independent.
Stability means that the monastic pledges lifelong commitment to a particular community.
Stability means the U.S. is still the dominant power in East Asia.
Stability means there is nothing new.
Stability means, first of all, solidity rather than living from hand to mouth.
Stability needs conflict with innovation, as change is seen as threatening and pain producing.
Stability needs to be introduced for the sake of society.
Stability occurs fast, usually one to three months.
Stability plays a huge role in the relationship.
Stability plays an important part in the government and is valued by both people and leaders.
Stability provides a means of managing changes in grant distribution.
Stability refers to an object's ability to stay in place despite small disturbances.
Stability refers to few placement changes while in court custody.
Stability refers to how often the system is down, either unexpectedly or planned.
Stability refers to the gem's ability to retain color inspite of heat, light, or chemical assaults.
Stability refers to the susceptibility of a chemical to decomposition.
Stability refers to the susceptibility of the chemical to dangerous decomposition.
Stability refers to the temporal stability of preparing text for machine parsing.
Stability Related to forces and energy is the concept of stability.
Stability remains the big issue.
Stability requires a safe environment where the parent and child can engage in the bonding process.
Stability requires capsular balance, structural support and dynamic positioning of the glenoid.
Stability requires that Lebanon be the pluralistic democratic state that it once was.
Stability results for coalitions of rational and bounded rational agents.
Stability results for convex bodies and related spherical integral transforms.
Stability results for fractional differential equations with applications to control processing .
Stability results in delay differential equations with some monoton property.
Stability returns as adjustments are made.
Stability running older versions of existing software is very high.
Stability seems always to be bought at the price of compatiblity.
Stability seems around the comer.
Stability seems to be the biggest issue moving forward.
Stability sounds more important than performances for the moment.
Stability starts at the top.
Stability takes away from performance.
Stability tends to be underappreciated when life is stably miserable.
Stability too is vital.
Stability turns out to be even more difficult to define.
Stability ultimately depends on adaptive response of organisms to environmental changes.
Stability underpinned by the national partnership pay deal is under threat.
Stability varies with the element or element combination and the concentration.
Stability usually occurs within one to three months.
More stability exists in the price of whole soybeans than in protein supplements.
More stability means more economic opportunity.
Most stability depends on benefits.
Most stability depends on cost.
Some stability analyses show orbits.
Some stability has effects.
Some stability has profound effects.
Some stability increases cost.
Stabilization policies encourage rapid exploitation of natural resources.
Stabilization allows spouses to stay longer and pursue a profession.
Stabilization becomes the sole option.
Stabilization begins at the youngest ages and proceeds upward.
Stabilization can be both physical and chemical.
Stabilization can have signifigant aesthetic and environmental costs too.
Stabilization has all of the advantages of acrylic while maintaining the natural beauty of wood.
Stabilization involves increasing the prices and reducing the quantities of imports.
Stabilization is a big part of the project.
Stabilization is a goal of laminitis therapy.
Stabilization is a nonperturbative and nonlinear effect.
Stabilization is a protective measure that reduces the problems of corrosion in water lines.
Stabilization is a time consuming process.
Stabilization is a time to learn how to ask for help and build support networks.
Stabilization is achieved by small perturbations to an accessible system parameter.
Stabilization is always a priority.
Stabilization is at least a possibility in both Russia and Ukraine.
Stabilization is both time-consuming and expensive.
Stabilization is configurations.
Stabilization is events.
Stabilization is improvement.
Stabilization is marked by a strong reduction of magnetic oscillations.
Stabilization is normalisation
Stabilization is obtained by means of a spinning rotor about one of the principal axes of inertia.
Stabilization is standardization.
Stabilization is the best form of erosion control.
Stabilization is the name of the game.
Stabilization is the result of the inventory evaporation.
Stabilization is used to prevent the adjustive force from affecting other areas.
Stabilization is when the trunk muscles are working in unison to support the spine.
Stabilization prevents the occurence of the chemical reactions.
Stabilization provides increased accuracy and safer system operation.
Stabilization stops deterioration and preserves the object.
Stabilization usually consists of feeding, fluid therapy and rest.
Stabilized apartments are small and house a diverse population.
A stabilizer bar is a bar
A stabilizer bar is a stabiliser
Stabilizer bars are at both ends.
A stabilizer is a chemical
Stabilizer bars front and back help prevent serious lean.
Stabilizer extends aft and reduces wake for water skiers.
Stabilizer extends down.
Stabilizer extends to the ground.
Stabilizer fins on the front and back of each submerged hull reduces pitching and heaving.
Stabilizer is a natural unique soil amendment that enhances soil equilibrium.
Stabilizer is adjustable in flight from either cockpit and fin is adjustable on the ground.
Stabilizer is nature's most unique soil amendment.
Stabilizer locks heel into position, improving comfort and performance.
Stabilizer reduces sway.
Stabilizer snaps down.
Stabilizers aid in aiming by improving the balance of the bow.
Stabilizers are a wonderful invention.
Stabilizers are added, usually in small quantities, to counter the effects of aging.
Stabilizers are airfoils.
Stabilizers are also critical to operation of three point guidance systems.
Stabilizers are an important part of a cameraman's list of accessories.
Stabilizers are another important group of additives used in polymers.
Stabilizers are chemicals.
Stabilizers are devices.
Stabilizers are generally too slow to protect solid-state devices.
Stabilizers are hydrocolloidal substances which prevent product separation.
Stabilizers are mounted at various points on the bow.
Stabilizers are part of tails.
Stabilizers can keep gasoline fresh longer than a year.
Stabilizers can reduce noise and vibration.
Stabilizers have no fluids to leak.
Stabilizers help to hold lactose in supersaturated state due to viscosity enhancement.
Stabilizers help to keep the feet in a stable position throughout the day.
Stabilizers prevent foods from getting rotten and emulsifiers help ingredients from separating.
Stabilizers reduce oxidation and contain a biocide.
Stabilizers snap down.
Stable aggregates improve water infiltration and the soil s water-holding ability.
Stable air produces horizontally homogeneous clouds.
Stable air reduces convection and thus has less thermal turbulence.
Stable allotropes are excellent electrical insulators.
Stable angina has a predictable pattern for a prolonged time.
Stable angina is chest pain that happens during exertion.
Stable angina is chest pain that occurs during exertion.
Stable angina is the most common form and it appears gradually.
Stable angina is usually somewhat predictable.
Stable angina responds well to medical treatment.
Stable applications are relatively bug free and come in source and binary formats.
Stable atmospheres are poorly mixed in the vertical direction.
Some stable atmospheres create sunshine.
Stable atoms have lower energy than unstable ones .
Stable atoms have lower energy than unstable ones.
Many stable authorities deride the defenseless practice of trial by ambush.
Stable background is required.
Stable blankets have the same system.
Stable carbon isotopes terrestrial ecosystem research.
Stable channels appear as the color black.
Stable childcare serves the best interests of everyone.
Stable climates allow for agricultural surpluses.
Stable colors are blue and green.
Stable communities have more complex food webs.
Some stable compounds accumulate in tissue.
Stable Concept Do the call maintaining initial facing direction.
Stable conditions are very important.
Stable conditions tend to keep smoke near the ground.
Some stable conditions occur during low flow periods.
Some stable conditions occur during periods.
Stable construction enables unit to be utilized for small dies and conveyor systems.
Stable countries survive chronic political uncertainty, their economies booming, for a long time.
Stable democracies require much more than voting.
Stable distributions are among the most important non-Gaussian models.
Stable doors are something of a tradition here.
Stable drivers are available.
Stable drivers are now available.
Stable economies promote political stability.
Stable ecosystems are the vital basis for human existence and development.
Stable edifices require stable support structures.
All stable elements are primordial, as are many radioactive elements.
Stable environments are the best places for organisms that reproduce asexually.
Some stable environments require adjustment.
Some stable environments require constant adjustment.
Some stable environments require constant monitors.
Some stable environments require monitors.
Stable equilibria correspond to endemic and epidemic populations.
Stable equilibrium is like a valley.
Stable expectations can t undo the damage caused by loose monetary policies or by higher taxes.
Stable flies appear similar to house flies.
Stable flies are also important pests in range or pasture situations.
Stable flies are blood feeders.
Stable flies are blood-feeders.
Stable flies are blood-sucking and are attracted to the ears of dogs.
Stable flies are capable of long flights in search of a blood meal.
Stable flies are flies.
Stable flies are insects.
Stable flies are similar in size to the house fly.
Stable flies are vicious biters commonly associated with dairy and equine operations.
Stable flies are vicious biters often flying from host to host until their appetites are whetted.
Stable flies are worldwide pests of livestock and man.
Stable flies attack horses' legs and abdomens, and bites result in nodules and crusty lesions.
Stable flies bite a horse's skin until it bleeds and then feed on the blood.
Stable flies bite at horses until they bleed, feeding on the blood.
Stable flies breed in decaying organic matter.
Stable flies breed in decaying vegetable matter and in manure, if mixed with straw.
Stable flies can be a problem both indoors or out.
Stable flies can be quite numerous during periodic hatches, mostly along shorelines.
Stable flies can travel many miles from the breeding site.
Stable flies cause cattle to bunch and disrupt cooling.
Stable flies feed mainly on the legs and bellies of cattle and horses.
Stable flies feed on most species of domestic livestock, but are major pests of cattle and horses.
Stable flies feed on the ears of dogs, particularly German shepherds and greyhounds.
Stable flies leave black specks which are the product of blood digestion.
Stable flies prefer to attack people around the ankles.
Stable flies resemble house flies.
Stable flies rest in shady areas during the heat of the day.
Stable flies tend to bite man around the ankles.
Stable forests can regenerate from even a catastrophic fire.
Stable forms reside in the soil for decades or hundreds of years.
Stable funding is essential to creating that system and keeping people moving.
Stable funding is important for effective realization of such large projects.
Stable gemstones remain unchanged by heat, light, or chemicals.
Stable hardware is only a base for stable applications.
Stable hexagons are dominent close to threshold for a self-focussing medium.
Stable homes are essential for a stable society.
Stable housing helps children learn and perform better in school.
Stable housing is the most critical element of recovery for most adults with severe mental illness.
Stable housing remains one of the most crucial and unavailable unmet needs.
Stable humus is permanent and combines with the soil minerals.
Stable humus is the crucial center, the focal point of the life cycle.
Stable humus is the crucial centre, the focal point of the life cycle.
Stable Investigators wanting to create chaos often start with nearly unstable circuits.
Stable islands grow up in forests of aspen, cottonwood, and white spruce.
Stable isotope analyses in human nutritional ecology.
Stable isotope analyses of the pelagic food web in Lake Baikal.
Stable isotope records from otoliths as tracers of fish migration in a mangrove system.
Stable isotopes are a key tool in the broad area of biogeochemistry.
Stable isotopes are useful tools for understanding the global budgets of many important trace gases.
Stable isotopes are valuable tools for research on mineral bioavailability and metabolism.
Stable isotopes can reveal directions, pathways and rates of waterflow in and out of reservoirs.
Stable isotopes have the potential to help clarify the role of fungi in ecosystem processes.
All stable isotopes are capable of capturing thermal neutrons .
Stable lineages indicate an historical lack of hybridization.
Stable maintenance requires asynchrony in neural firing.
Stable management includes feeds and digestion, stable care, grooming, conditioning and safety.
Stable managers are available at all times.
Stable manners are so important.
Stable manure is an excellent fertilizer for hemp.
Stable markets are good places for local residents to seek employment.
Stable membership is essential for maintaining the important element of trust.
Stable models give meaning to logic programs containing negative assertions.
Stable neighborhoods are the foundation of a progressive society.
More stable neighbourhoods are more law-abiding.
Stable nitrogen has seven protons and seven neutrons.
Stable Notes See the stable notes for today.
Stable nuclei have roughly the same number of protons and neutrons.
Stable operation is possible for a sufficient range of line speeds and strip tensions.
Stable orbits are few and far between.
Stable ownership is the gift of social law, and is given late in the progress of society.
Stable oxygen has eight protons and eight neutrons.
Stable passes are valid for the barn area only.
Stable patients have to be discharged, and elective surgical procedures cancelled.
Stable peace comes from a truly external source.
Stable personnel insure that the equipment is spotless at all times.
Stable populations have fewer young people but many reproductive people.
Stable populations have relatively the same numbers in each of the age classes.
All stable populations are also stationary populations.
Stable prices help create jobs and raise incomes.
Stable prices mean profits for manufacturers and investors in memory companies.
Stable prices result in low inflation, which has been historically favorable to stock prices.
Stable pricing is gone for ever.
Stable products exist.
Stable regions calculated here heavily depend on the pattern data.
Stable reinsurance is behind the program and claims are handled in house.
Stable relationships are for horses.
Stable relationships come second to the opportunity for so called love.
Stable relationships give members a sense of belonging and identity.
Stable retention creates predictable production, which in turn contributes to profitability.
Stable riding is also available.
Stable rock is defined as natural solid mineral matter.
Stable rock is exempt.
Stable sections are also good to be possible to make wikilinks directly into certain sections.
Stable snapshot is available.
Stable software is a win in both respects.
Stable soils store and release water slowly.
Stable solution is formed in a wide range of water hardness and quality.
Stable sorts preserve the order of equal elements.
Stable standards are in place.
All stable substances are combinations of atoms.
Stable systems allow leaders to predict and plan for the future and to improve the system.
Stable systems continue to acquire stability and greater diversity through natural selection.
Stable temperature preserves cannabinoids well.
Some stable temperature requires energy.
Stable toxins cause illnesses.
Stable transformation involves the integration of transforming DNA into the genome.
Stable version is used by author in at least five production enviroments.
Stable watersheds are the ultimate production systems for all animals, their food and shelter.
Stable watersheds help maintain cool temperatures and minimize silt to the benefit of the species.
Stable weight appears to be the healthiest course for people of all ages.
Stable weight depends on an even balance between energy intake from food and energy expenditure.
Stable yields are the goal in the uplands.
Stable yields translate into stable income levels in their operations.
A stable is a farm building
Stable isa building.
Stables are available for horse boarding, conditioning and training.
Stables are available for overnight boarding of horses.
Stables are available if transporting horses.
Stables are available locally for livestock.
Stables are barefoot.
Stables are buildings.
Stables are emotionally calm, unreactive and unworried.
Stables are illnesses.
Stables are medical conditions.
Stables are seasonal and permanent structures.
Stables are, by definition, a mess.
Stables can accommodate well over a thousand horses.
Stables have (part) bases.
Stables have (part) boilers.
Stables have (part) ceilings.
Stables have (part) courtyards.
Stables have (part) doorknobs.
Stables have (part) doorsteps.
Stables have (part) elevator cars.
Stables have (part) elevators.
Stables have (part) floors.
Stables have (part) foundation stones.
Stables have (part) foyers.
Stables have (part) hinges.
Stables have (part) interior doors.
Stables have (part) readsides.
Stables have (part) roof peaks.
Stables have (part) roofs.
Stables have (part) room light.
Stables have (part) sections.
Stables have (part) staircases.
Stables have (part) stairs.
Stables have (part) stalls.
Stables have (part) storeys.
Stables have (part) walls.
Stables have (part) window frames.
Stables have (part) windowpanes.
Stables have (part) windows.
Stables have closer proximity to camping area than the entry road.
Stables have remarkable plaster work ceilings.
Stables have remarkable plaster-work ceilings.
Stables live and work every day on hard ground and rocky trails.
Stables offer horse boarding.
Stables offer horseback riding on parts of the beach.
Stables open all day for tours.
Stables survive, re-converted into houses.
Stables always has quality horses for sale.
Many stables allow children to ride, but check for age requirements.
Many stables have their own version of a beach ride.
Many stables offer a variety of package-riding deals.
Most stables are open when the weather is good and offer trail rides, guides, and group hay rides.
Some stables do their own shoeing.
Some stables take pride in having horses that are well cared for and lively.
Stabled horses pick up their own feces and bedding as well.
Stabled horses require a regular grooming program because of the unnatural environment they live in.
Stablings are accommodation.
Stablings are shelterings.
Stac compression is another popular compression technique.
STAC compression is enabled to improve ISDN performance.
Staccato music has distinct breaks between successive tones.
Stacey hammer homes a two hand jam.
Stacey words imply, in our view, that men are either gay or straight and nothing in between.
Stack allocation is better than heap allocation.
Stack cake rounds.
Stack emissions occur through confined air streams, such as stacks, vents, ducts or pipes.
Stack faults are always fatal to the current program in Windows.
Stack organization follows an easy to use main menu card.
Stack organization follows an easy to use main menu.
Stack organization gets in the way of browser's understanding of content.
A stack is a pile
Stack again rests on box held by right hand.
Stack argues that cost counts, and people count in controlling costs.
Stack based languages look at the some of the program 's memory like a stack of cards .
Stack based languages look at the some of the program's memory like a stack of cards.
Stack cakes together with backs aligned.
Stack checking A so-called backtrace can also be tremendously useful for finding bugs.
Stack crates in a manner as to prevent injury to produce.
Stack extends  java.util.
Stack insists that it does apply.
Stack is a collection of Objects in which only the top item is accessible.
Stack is a fascinating compilation of information regarding all known whale species.
Stack is a location within the Central City library with no public access.
Stack is an internationally recognized visual artist.
Stack is cool.
Stack is created and empty.
Stack is creative, understandable, and easy to follow.
Stack is emptied.
Stack is empty.
Stack is just the ham to spread the network across the map.
Stack is one of local , global , trail , argument or lock .
Stack is one of local , global , trail or argument .
Stack is one of the few honest men in the investment business.
Stack is rocked almost to overturning point.
Stack isa heap.
Stack isa pile.
Stack overflow is an example of such an error.
Stack Provides a constantly-updated view of the current stack.
Stack provides practical and biblical steps toward balance, as well as stress busters and resources.
Stack recites a prayer before every meet.
Stack remove an element from the top of the stack.
Stack return the element on top of the stack.
Stack Returns the object at a specific position.
Stack Returns the size of the list.
Stack rounds in wax paper on a baking sheet.
Stack runs downward in memory, from high to low.
Stack see data.structures.
Stack Tell whether the stack is empty.
Stack thinks it's a good idea.
Stacks are a very effective way of implementing procedural calls, including recursive calls.
Stacks are another resource which can quickly run out.
Stacks are areas of memory which are used by various interrupt service routines.
Stacks are available for viewing and saving.
Stacks are closed, but staff is available to retrieve material and provide assistance.
Stacks are closed.
Stacks are equal if lengths equal and each item in order is equal.
Stacks are full and there are few major library building projects.
Stacks are important data structures in both systems and applications programming.
Stacks are more popular and are easy to make small.
Stacks are open to all users.
Stacks are part of libraries.
Stacks are piles.
Stacks are portable to different platforms without requiring recompiling or other preprocessing.
Stacks are quite easy to use.
Stacks are sets of similar cards.
Stacks are something that programmers are very familiar with.
Stacks are still the heart of the library.
Stacks are storage space.
Stacks can be two or more die in a single package or individual packages vertically stacked.
Stacks can contain any combination of text, graphics, or objects with programming scripts.
Stacks can defend a garrison just as any other stack.
Stacks contain cards , and cards are placed in folders , which can be nested.
Stacks cut waste material into piles.
Stacks dismisses the criticism.
Stacks domes on pallet.
Stacks exposed to wind-driven rain can accumulate moisture and become a fire hazard.
Stacks fill the rest, as before the renovation.
Stacks grow, corners disappear and operating efficiency plummets.
Stacks move together and fight together.
Stacks offers many lamps to choose from.
Stacks preforms on trays for delivery to mold room.
Stacks rotate until returned to the original senders, who examine and discuss alternative answers.
Stacks sells stylish storage and organization products for the home and office.
Stacks sells stylish storage and organization products for the home, office and studio.
Stacks slip easily into preparation wells.
All stacks are a group of cards.
All stacks are open for students and other library users.
All stacks have a rook's move, in chess terms.
All stacks listed are active and open for browsing.
Most stacks can accommodate wheelchairs.
Some stacks appear as if they are about to fall.
Some stacks limit the user level to browsing, to prevent modification of the stack.
Stackable beds feature four height levels for springs.
Stackable boxes are handy for collecting paper, glass, cans, cardboard and organic waste.
Stackable design has rim on bottom for sure vertical stacking.
Stackable housings offer modularity without compromising density or routing.
Stackable hubs have a fixed number of ports available to connect network devices.
Some stackable hubs come with standard management packages.
Stackable models provide double the ice output in the same floor space.
Stackable powerboat stands also available.
Stacked boxes are an easy toy.
Stacked stories tend to blend into one another, blunting the impact of all.
A stacker is a laborer
Stacker also provides integrated risk management of physical and financial assets.
Stackers Move Up .
Stackless advocates say it's ready for release now.
Stadium seating is featured and offers great views of the screen from any seat.
Stadium seating is too expensive, they say.
Stadium subsidies constitute direct and indirect state subsidy of the press.
Stadium subsidies make little economic sense for cities, a rejoinder.
Stadium tours are a real treat.
Stadium tours are available on request.
Stadium tours are available.
A stadium is a structure
Stadium can be an economic tool.
Stadium is behind high school.
Stadium is behind school.
Stadium is behind the school on the right.
Stadium is behind the school.
Stadium is horrifically purple and annoying to surrounding population.
Stadium is in a residential area, a short walk from downtown.
Stadium is in the rear.
Stadium is on left.
Stadium is on right.
Stadium is on the left.
Stadium is on the right.
Stadium is straight ahead passed first stop sign.
Stadium is visible on the right.
Stadium opens two hours before game time.
Stadiums also buys tickets to all sporting events.
Stadiums are a huge factor.
Stadiums are detailed, but their colors generally lack the vibrancy found in High Heat.
Stadiums are disposable wealth with limited lifespans.
Stadiums are great engines of economic growth.
Stadiums are large and expensive, but they can be very profitable as well.
Stadiums are located in cities.
Stadiums are located in college towns.
Stadiums are located in large cities.
Stadiums are still pretty full.
Stadiums are structures.
Stadiums are used for games.
Stadiums are used for play sports.
Stadiums are used for playing sports.
Stadiums are used for running.
Stadiums are used for sports.
Stadiums are venues.
Stadiums are well modeled, and weather looks great.
Stadiums become symbols for urban success.
Stadiums clearly have a differential impact on different markets in a city.
Stadiums continually refresh their display, wiping out portions of the industrial zones.
Stadiums do look pretty good, though, as do the videos of our favorite football gurus.
Stadiums fare no better.
Stadiums feature gigantic bond offerings for brokerage houses and the investor class.
Stadiums give the illusion of being a major-league city.
Stadiums has the best seats to all regular and post season sporting events.
Stadiums look better and no more fuzzy objects in the background.
Stadiums look great.
Stadiums occasionally change the rules from one year to the next.
Stadiums overflow with zealous disciples.
Stadiums specializes in selling the hard to find, premium tickets to all sporting events.
Stadiums strike out with voters.
All stadia are accessible and there is a wide variety of restaurants and bars in walking distance.
All stadiums have excellent equipment with fully licensed lounges for after match entertainment.
Many stadiums never enjoy such a glorious run.
Many stadiums use a central tank for beer .
Many stadiums use a central tank for beer.
Most stadiums face east or west.
Some stadiums are paid to add a company name to the name of their stadium.
Staff cadets assist the officers who run the courses with training and instruction.
Staff development affects both sides of the financial ledger.
Staff development can enhance teacher effectiveness.
Staff development can take many forms and be funded in many ways.
Staff development comes in many forms.
Staff development Continue to offer building and district technology classes.
Staff development continues to be a big issue.
Staff development facilitates effective change and innovation in a mutually supportive environment.
Staff development focuses on enhancing skills directly related to a person's performance on the job.
Staff development focuses principally on sabbaticals and research.
Staff development fuels a culture of continuous improvement.
Staff development includes strategies for crisis intervention.
Staff development involves personal growth, preparation for promotion and expansion of job duties.
Staff development is a big piece to overall success and our teachers are very supportive of that.
Staff development is a high priority at both the district and school site levels.
Staff development is a high priority for the next two years.
Staff development is a joint responsibility of the staff member and the library.
Staff development is a key component of our strategic plan to improve student achievement.
Staff development is a key component to enable teachers to meet the diverse needs of our students.
Staff development is a leadership act.
Staff development is a major issue.
Staff development is a major strength.
Staff development is a more continuous and gradual learning experience.
Staff development is a powerful vehicle for implementing innovation.
Staff development is a priority.
Staff development is a shared process that promotes growth in individuals and organizations.
Staff development is a strong component of the school's success.
Staff development is a support act.
Staff development is a tool, based to accomplish operational planning and deployment.
Staff development is a two-sided coin.
Staff development is addressed either in the action plan or in a separate secion.
Staff development is addressed either in the action plan or in a separate section.
Staff development is also a key issue in terms, again, of joint working.
Staff development is also available through distance learning.
Staff development is an essential element in the success of our programs.
Staff development is an essential part of mathematics education reform.
Staff development is an essential topic that is often neglected in library school.
Staff development is an important portion of the technology plan.
Staff development is an indirect intervention.
Staff development is an integral component of school and school system programs.
Staff development is an integral part of the school culture.
Staff development is an ongoing process.
Staff development is another issue that needs increased attention.
Staff development is another key area of change.
Staff development is another key to staying the course when creating change.
Staff development is available but limited because of funds.
Staff development is built into the program through a video and a scripted teacher's manual.
Staff development is centered on our school goals, with opportunities for reflection and dialogue.
Staff development is central to success.
Staff development is conducted monthly and assessment is continuous.
Staff development is continuous throughout the year.
Staff development is critical to the infusion of technology into the curriculum.
Staff development is critical, since as a network integrator, our people are our product.
Staff development is data driven.
Staff development is essential.
Staff development is focused on improving teaching as a way to improve student learning.
Staff development is fundamental to school improvement.
Staff development is important.
Staff development is just as important for the frontline as it is for management.
Staff development is key in integrating technology into the curriculum.
Staff development is mentioned, but it is lacking in goals and assessment of progress.
Staff development is most effective when it is individualized.
Staff development is most effective when it is rooted in the concerns and practices of schools.
Staff development is ongoing for certificated and classified staff members.
Staff development is ongoing, consistent, useful, and engaging.
Staff development is ongoing.
Staff development is part of keeping our District healthy.
Staff development is planned through the year to focus on implementation needs.
Staff development is probably the most critical piece of planning for future strength.
Staff development is provided at the district and site level.
Staff development is provided prior to and during the program.
Staff development is provided to assist staff in meeting the criteria.
Staff development is provided within the building during weekly sessions.
Staff development is redefined as an active form of developing staff talents and capacities.
Staff development is seen as fundamental to quality service provision.
Staff development is supported through collaboration with peers.
Staff development is tailored to adopting schools and a strong follow-up component is in place.
Staff development is the function of all administrators and teacher leaders.
Staff development is the key to good library service.
Staff development is time consuming.
Staff development is unfocused and inadequate, although efforts are under way to improve it.
Staff development is very important.
Staff development is viewed as a continuing process involving administrators as well as teachers.
Staff development is viewed as a key component of the overall school program.
Staff development is well organized and prepared for.
Staff development is, on the other hand, a far more comprehensive and future oriented undertaking.
Staff development plays an important role in the renewing and broadening of our profession.
Staff development plays perhaps the most crucial role in technology support.
Staff development provides for informed dissent.
Staff development provides methods for teachers to ensure the success of heterogeneity.
Staff development provides teacher training in identification and instructional strategies.
Staff development puts classroom practice in the larger contexts of the organization.
Staff development received by faculty helps meet student needs.
Staff development requires colleagues to share new knowledge.
Staff development responds to the diverse needs of all personnel.
Staff development supports career ladders and professional development.
Staff development supports instructional priorities identified by the principal and teachers.
Staff development takes into account the contexts of teaching and the experiences of teachers.
All staff development is keyed to improvement goals.
Most staff development is successful if it is done in as non-threatening manner as possible.
Some staff development is required for all district personnel.
Some staff development occurs in contexts.
Some staff development occurs in social contexts.
Staff editors oversee the content, but freelancers often surprise everyone.
Staff Editors receive no other benefits.
Staff editors receive training in critical appraisal, literature evaluation and search skills.
All staff editors are academic professionals with extensive experience in reviewing college essays.
Any staff function using communications technology operates much more efficiently now.
Every staff group has unique needs.
Staff handbooks can be very helpful in setting out internal policies and procedures.
Some staff lines are part of boogie.
Some staff lines are part of notes.
Some staff lines are part of scores.
Some staff lines are part of solmization.
Some staff lines are part of tones.
Staff managers are in support positions.
Staff managers find it available as a quick reference tool.
Staff managers support the work of program offices.
Staff members contact families.
Staff members have responsibility.
Staff members need leaders.
Staff notation is merely a system of conventions.
Staff nurses are an integral part of the team and lead patient care conferences and patient rounds.
Staff nurses are envious of the entire system.
Staff nurses are often the first to identify that a patient has had an adverse drug experience.
Staff nurses are very involved as decision-makers.
Staff nurses develop and implement a plan of care for the patients.
Staff nurses observe, evaluate, and record symptoms and progress.
Staff nurses perform the tests in patient exam rooms.
Staff nurses play vital leadership roles at the national, state and local levels of the association.
Staff nurses provide all of the education to the patients and their families.
A staff office is a department
Staff offices are equally likely to be located away from reference as adjacent to it.
Staff offices are in the front of the building.
Staff offices are just out of the photo on the left.
Staff offices are on the right, the research computing lab is on the left.
Staff offices connect to the common area via glass doors.
Staff offices have internet connections.
Staff people work homes.
Staff positions are also available for our youth.
Staff positions are available as are freelance opportunities.
Staff positions are available for project assistants, judges, dorm and livestock personnel.
Staff positions are available to all interested students.
Staff positions are available to students as non-credit volunteers, or for academic credit.
Staff positions are lateral positions supporting the line positions.
Staff positions are non-union.
Staff positions are open for editors, writers, photographers, and layout designers.
Staff positions are open to all students regardless of major.
Staff positions are open to all students.
Staff positions are open to any student interested in broadcasting.
Staff positions are open to any student who wishes to participate.
Staff positions offer a window on corporate politics that most line positions lack.
Staff positions provide experience in writing, editing, page design, photography or advertising.
Staff positions provide for advisory or specialized expertise in accomplishing a firm's objectives.
Staff positions require time and dedication.
Staff positions work a different set of muscles than line jobs do.
Many staff positions allow several alternate schedule choices to meet family needs.
Many staff positions are available and everyone is welcome.
Many staff positions are available.
Some staff positions require that the employee be available for service during emergencies.
Staff reporters write about national or local news.
Staff retention is a problem.
Staff room has kitchen, dishwasher, shower and washroom.
Staff rooms are on the second and third floors.
Staff rooms are places where the teachers go and have their morning tea.
A staff sergeant is a sergeant
Staff sergeant is usually the lowest enlisted rank that reports directly to an officer.
Staff sergeants are usually responsible for a squad or one armored vehicle.
Staff turnover can also affect program quality.
Staff turnover can be disruptive for the industry as well.
Staff turnover can be ruinous.
Staff turnover can make a tremendous impact.
Staff turnover causes a lack of continuity.
Staff turnover increases as employees leave for more interesting jobs.
Staff turnover is a problem for any employer.
Staff turnover is a problem.
Staff turnover is currently low, and is likely to remain so over the next five years.
Staff turnover is currently stable.
Staff turnover is down and the true cost of recruiting and training new people is very high.
Staff turnover is down by well over one-third.
Staff turnover is high and morale is low.
Staff turnover is high, and telecommunications systems are expensive to set up.
Staff turnover is high, and training expensive.
Staff turnover is high.
Staff turnover is inevitable.
Staff turnover is low and competition intense.
Staff turnover is low and morale is high.
Staff turnover is low and seems unlikely to change.
Staff turnover is low on apple orchards, but high in the kiwifruit area.
Staff turnover is low or moderate depending on the qualification level of workers.
Staff turnover is low, while dedication and commitment are high.
Staff turnover is low.
Staff turnover is mainly low and mostly full-time hours are worked.
Staff turnover is minimal.
Staff turnover is minimal-a critical factor in assuring a consistently high level of achievement.
Staff turnover is moderate to low, and is likely remain low over the next three to five years.
Staff turnover is predicted to be high to moderate over the next five years.
Staff turnover is predicted to be low over the next five years.
Staff turnover is predicted to be moderate to low over the next five years.
Staff turnover is reduced as is use of sick leave.
Staff turnover is reported to be low to moderate as positions are difficult to find.
Staff turnover is so rapid that they can easily lose track of their employees.
Staff turnover is still a problem.
Staff turnover is very high.
Staff turnover is very low.
Staff turnover means that customers are always facing new and untrained staff.
Staff turnover remains high.
Staff turnover tends to be low in the printing industries and people mainly work full-time hours.
Staff turnover tends to be very low.
Staff turnovers cost a lot of money.
Some staff turnover is natural due to college graduation, etc.
Staff writers get the perks, are involved in decisions and planning, plus get paid regularly.
Staff writers share their choices.
All staff writers work on a voluntary basis, there is no pay.
Any staff writer is welcome to attend.
Staff accept cash or checks for payment for printouts.
Staff accept responsibility for students learnings of the school s essential curricular goals.
Staff accepts responsibility for students' learning of the school's essential curriculum.
Staff accessing internal services do so in ordinary work time.
Staff accompany new students to unfamiliar site locations.
Staff achieve healthy lifestyle.
Staff achieve lifestyle.
Staff acknowledge the central importance to adolescents of privacy and confidentiality.
Staff acknowledge the worth of the individual when assigning tasks.
Staff acknowledges children when they arrive and depart.
Staff acquire greater knowledge of campuswide resources, increasing their effectiveness on the job.
Staff actively observes students at all ages for individual indications of abilities and interests.
Staff actively search for new ways to help students learn.
Staff acts as an ombudsman to help overcome impediments to redevelopment.
Staff acts in a consultative manner to investigate and solve problems in indoor air quality.
Staff actually lives on site.
Staff add titles to the index as time permits.
Staff add to the children's possibilities for dramatic play.
Staff additionally provide consultancy and analytical services.
Staff adds second dietitian to oversee nutritional needs of the clients and plan special meals.
Staff advise government and industry, and serve on many community and professional boards.
Staff advise on a very extensive range of systems.
Staff advise on subjects such as personnel, budget, automation, and general library management.
Staff advise students at levels from high school to graduate school.
Staff advise that they are currently moving along through the easier areas of difference.
Staff advocates the following policy principles for products sold during the pilot project.
Staff agrees and alters the form .
Staff agrees and incorporated the supplemental proof material to the requirements of the form.
Staff agrees to promote peaceful interactions among students and staff.
Staff agrees with the joint petitioners' original petition with respect to the chip-in charge.
Staff aim to establish a cooperative and supportive relationship with clients.
Staff allocate appropriations to the universities and provide technical oversight for the budget.
Staff also act as a resource, linking the new students to community and campus services and events.
Staff also act as advocates for quality child care programming.
Staff also act as liaison between prisoners and their families.
Staff also administer the obnoxious and nuisance vegetation ordinances.
Staff also advocates on behalf of clients.
Staff also analyze data annually to analyze demographics and leading causes of death.
Staff also answer program questions for the regulated community and the public.
Staff also assess compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Staff also assess risks from toxic exposures in the environment to prevent adverse health effects.
Staff also assist in administering the undergraduate programme.
Staff also assist in identifying qualified personnel for credit union recruitment.
Staff also assist parents in obtaining appropriate health and dental care for their children.
Staff also assist students by working with university faculty and staff when problems arise.
Staff also assist students with finding part-time or summer jobs.
Staff also assist the Surveillance Section in the management of disease reporting.
Staff also assist users to locate resources using the Internet.
Staff also assist with air quality compliance issues.
Staff also assists as support to other commissions on an as needed basis.
Staff also assists customers with development of marketing materials used in direct mail efforts.
Staff also assists employers with cost management and tax-related questions.
Staff also assists state agencies in the interpretation and implementation of procedures.
Staff also attend building or department safety meetings to discuss code compliance and regulations.
Staff also attends automation vendor training opportunities.
Staff also believes that an independent scientific review is appropriate.
Staff also believes that the mid-year evaluation is a good tool to implement in the plan.
Staff also benefit from a reduction in the use of seclusion and restraints.
Staff also build data registries to define and track disease populations in the regions.
Staff also calculate the maximum rental rate appropriate for a parcel.
Staff also can conduct personalized searches for students.
Staff also can help design presentations.
Staff also can help individuals with disabilities obtain reasonable accommodations.
Staff also can learn how to communicate respect.
Staff also can provide educational materials concerning occupational health.
Staff also checks on the client's personal wants and needs.
Staff also collect water samples that are taken back to a lab for analysis.
Staff also comes from throughout the United States and countries throughout the world.
Staff also complete a basic information sheet.
Staff also completes a daily listening check with children to assess listening abilities.
Staff also conduct specialized trainings for the inmate population and correctional staff.
Staff also conduct tours and orientations.
Staff also conducts programs which have direct contact with consumers in a retail setting.
Staff also conducts testing on-site at work locations upon request.
Staff also consult neighboring school districts.
Staff also consult on the development of certification exams for state and national associations.
Staff also continue to participate in disability awareness seminars.
Staff also contribute to the part-time EMBA and executive programmes.
Staff also coordinate affirmative action and employee grievance management.
Staff also coordinate and monitor the student s re-entry to the public school.
Staff also coordinate building services and distribute information regarding upcoming events.
Staff also coordinate planning, procedures, and evaluation for the document depository program.
Staff also coordinate presidential welcomes and farewells.
Staff also coordinate programs and action items with other public and private agencies.
Staff also coordinate representation and training on emerging legal issues.
Staff also coordinate reviews for inmates serving life sentences.
Staff also coordinate the annual Combined Charitable Campaign and employee award programs.
Staff also coordinates annual health fairs for the community.
Staff also coordinates neighborhood clean-ups with community leaders and neighborhood groups.
Staff also design and implement drills utilizing different spill scenarios.
Staff also design some advertising graphics.
Staff also develops and implements processes for measuring customer satisfaction.
Staff also educate the public about how to reduce stormwater pollution.
Staff also emphasize the benefits of collaboration between agencies.
Staff also engage in consultancy in a private capacity.
Staff also engage in consultancy work which demands their specialist skills.
Staff also engage in international collaborative research.
Staff also engage in research, consultancy and other professional activities.
Staff also ensure that technical support is available for new system software versions.
Staff also establish reduction ratio and placement before microfilming.
Staff also examine the bone marrow of road kill deer.
Staff also expects students to display respect for each other.
Staff also focus on helping children successfully return to school.
Staff also formulates environmental legislation and regulations as needed.
Staff also generate reports as needed.
Staff also give tours and orientations.
Staff also greet and share natural history information with the public landing on the beach.
Staff also handle ticket sales for campus events and rent out the pool equipment for the Games Area.
Staff also have a greater sense of responsibility for their own training.
Staff also have access to the resources of the Internet.
Staff also have access.
Staff also have at their disposal, public order equipment, for incidents of public disturbances.
Staff also have contacts with experts in government and industry.
Staff also have major responsibility for early childhood education.
Staff also have research interests in a variety of biological disciplines.
Staff also have the opportunity to study for relevant external qualifications.
Staff also help parents find employment in other fields.
Staff also hope to be able to use an Alpha machine.
Staff also identifies for purchase commercially published sources to support the collection.
Staff also identify spills reported by the media and local health departments.
Staff also inspects pet shops and kennels for sanitary and proper care of pet animals.
Staff also inspects the placement of manufactured homes.
Staff also instruct the participants on food reintroduction.
Staff also investigate and resolve complaints about sanitary nuisances.
Staff also investigate complaints, jail deaths, attempted suicides, and escapes.
Staff also is available to assist faculty on working with news media effectively.
Staff also issue building permits, including permits to occupy the public way.
Staff also issues short term forecasts for our most populated regions.
Staff also keep close track of equipment.
Staff also lecture in a variety of other courses.
Staff also liaise with local elders to research Maori history and whakapapa.
Staff also locate all university owned and operated utilities.
Staff also maintains and repairs complex electronic traffic control equipment.
Staff also maintains ownership information, mailing addresses, and taxable values.
Staff also make periodic home visits to students enrolled from other states and counties.
Staff also make referrals to other agencies and vendors and sends out print materials.
Staff also makes referrals and provides student advocacy on a variety of issues and concerns.
Staff also manage electronic interlibrary loan systems which are used by Wisconsin libraries.
Staff also manages system testing of new systems and changes to existing systems.
Staff also monitor child residential homes.
Staff also monitors foreign national standards, testing and certification activities.
Staff also needs to be given time to observe good practice, practice, and plan .
Staff also needs to be held accountable for sending excessive and incorrect e-mail.
Staff also obtains information from business and industry publications.
Staff also offer assistance in resolving personal crisis.
Staff also offer assistance with homework and tutoring.
Staff also offer consultations by phone or in person on a multitude of topics.
Staff also offer help in identifying unreached groups in the community.
Staff also offer school-based professional development, training and consultancy.
Staff also offers reader advisory service and respond to mail and telephone inquiries.
Staff also offers, in every case, to accompany deans on their Washington business calls.
Staff also organize symposia on social research topics.
Staff also organizes and conducts workshops and seminars on several health-related issues.
Staff also participate in a group share scheme.
Staff also participate in collaborative institutes and follow-up staff development activities.
Staff also participates on panels and programs on workers' compensation health care.
Staff also perform and document security risk analyses for all support functions.
Staff also perform biographical searches on individuals affiliated with foundations.
Staff also perform food-borne illness investigations.
Staff also perform tests to view the anatomy and physiology of the nose and throat.
Staff also performs field inspections of cable companies physical plants.
Staff also permit bottled water processors.
Staff also plan a classroom-based substitute training program.
Staff also plans to visit the skatepark in Ocean City in the near future.
Staff also play a role in summarizing the views of the committee in a report to the project sponsor.
Staff also prepares color slide exhibit.
Staff also prepares customers for job interviews.
Staff also present ideas and information at conferences and workshops.
Staff also presents a brief neighborhood profile.
Staff also proposes to include several questions in the preamble.
Staff also provide administrative, personnel and data processing support services.
Staff also provide advice and emotional support.
Staff also provide assistance to nonpublic agencies, charter schools, and local prisons.
Staff also provide assistance with resum development.
Staff also provide asthma education to patients, families, educators and health care providers.
Staff also provide breastfeeding advice and support as well as postnatal depression counseling.
Staff also provide comments to the regulating agencies when regulatory changes are proposed.
Staff also provide continuous training and provide objective, independent client evaluations.
Staff also provide counseling and referral information to persons with diabetes.
Staff also provide counseling, support and referral to the parents of the youth involved.
Staff also provide direct assistance to parents who have problems and emergencies.
Staff also provide education to families of substance abusers.
Staff also provide educational programs, consultation and referral to community resources.
Staff also provide educational workshops on shared living.
Staff also provide emotional support for residents who are confronting complex issues.
Staff also provide fire extinguisher training to any department on request at no charge.
Staff also provide individual consultations.
Staff also provide information regarding library services and standard policies.
Staff also provide information to the public regarding contract solicitations.
Staff also provide programs including storytelling, puppet shows, and book talks.
Staff also provide referrals to other agencies and institutions.
Staff also provide school law in-service training seminars across the state.
Staff also provide support services for distance learning students.
Staff also provide technical advisory services to codes and standards users.
Staff also provide training in the use of library resources and library tours.
Staff also provide veterans and the disabled with special fishing programs throughout the year.
Staff also provides analysis of findings and makes recommendations.
Staff also provides broker referrals and local economic and demographic material.
Staff also provides information on well location requirements.
Staff also provides information pertaining to legislative procedure.
Staff also provides leadership for the curriculum and staff development process.
Staff also provides limited assistance in producing patron's documents.
Staff also provides opportunity for trips and excursions and special classes.
Staff also provides parents with books and activities for parents and children to enjoy together.
Staff also provides reception services, accounting, and custodial support to the agency.
Staff also provides technical assistance to builders, architects, engineers and developers.
Staff also provides technical assistance to businesses in the government arena.
Staff also publish articles and develop monographs.
Staff also publish extensively in books, academic journals and proceedings of conferences.
Staff also purchases all insurance for property, equipment and bonds.
Staff also receive specialist training with quite a number working towards vocational achievements.
Staff also receive training and guidance in their positions.
Staff also recommend meetings be held by the key stakeholders on the development of the playground.
Staff also recommends approval as it is compatible with surrounding land uses.
Staff also recommends approval of both affiliated interest contracts discussed above.
Staff also recommends approval, but doesn t recommend any further residential development there.
Staff also recommends approval.
Staff also recommends that the master plan indicate a . natural surface trail network.
Staff also refer employees to various community resources when applicable.
Staff also refer youth to appropriate social services after assessing their needs.
Staff also registers voters and issues proof of voter registration.
Staff also represent the agency on several early childhood task forces and initiatives.
Staff also respects written procedures more as well.
Staff also respond to complaints of illegal solid waste disposal and perform related investigations.
Staff also review and approve plans for private sewage disposal systems before construction.
Staff also review and make recommendations on transfers of funds as requested by agencies.
Staff also review for compliance with the rules and regulations.
Staff also reviews and comments on air quality sections of environmental documents.
Staff also serve individual students with questions or concerns about student government.
Staff also shares experiences on good and bad practices learnt from previous projects.
Staff also spend time discussing the psychosocial issues of health care.
Staff also study air quality in the vicinity of highway projects.
Staff also supervise postgraduate research.
Staff also support various program areas within the agency .
Staff also teach the basics of good money management through local high schools.
Staff also test new medical technology and diagnostic techniques to ensure they perform as promised.
Staff also troubleshoot Internet and access problems.
Staff also try to locate racks as close to the building entrances as possible.
Staff also undergo specialized training to meet the needs of inner city youth.
Staff also undertake a wide range of consulting activities both in the UK and internationally.
Staff also undertake technical trouble shooting.
Staff also use commercial databases as appropriate.
Staff also use it to send out important announcements.
Staff also visit schools to help in judging science fairs .
Staff also volunteer many hours to charitable organizations in the community.
Staff also wear red ribbons.
Staff also wish to note that there are several trees on the site.
Staff also work closely with the student during the course of the project.
Staff also work with book discussion groups.
Staff also work with enrolled students on registration, financial aid, billing and other matters.
Staff also work with local and neighborhood government and councils to promote the program.
Staff also work with local school teachers to help build science awareness.
Staff also work with many Lothian wide community organisations.
Staff also work with parents in their homes on developmentally appropriate activities for children.
Staff also work with the community to eliminate physical and attitudinal barriers.
Staff also work with the employer to assist in their recruitment and new hiring efforts.
Staff also work with the physical education programs in the schools across the state.
Staff also works in conjunction with national experts to develop and provide training materials.
Staff also works to resolve problems with lost or damages property.
Staff also works with neighborhoods on traffic safety concerns.
Staff amends the requirement accordingly.
Staff analyzes the results of their efforts for the last three years.
Staff answer almost two and half times as many exposure calls as information calls.
Staff answer basic questions, assess individual needs, and find assistance to satisfy clients needs.
Staff answer the calls during normal business hours.
Staff answers all types of questions and helps patrons use the library's collections and facilities.
Staff answers specific questions via e-mail with a web reference.
Staff anticipate a number of additional change orders.
Staff anticipates blasting of the area to take place during the week or early next week.
Staff anticipates guidance on how to determine background conditions.
Staff anticipates hiring a consultant for the development of the Plan.
Staff anticipates the installation of mechanical expansion joints to the water main.
Staff appear to be patient and courteous.
Staff apply from all over the United States as well as internationally.
Staff appraisers most familiar with the neighborhoods and properties review all assessments.
Staff appreciate contact and feedback.
Staff appreciate the mutual support found at camp while they serve.
Staff are a source of information, advice and opinion.
Staff are a store house of information based on their own life experiences.
Staff are able to apply their own specialisms but also consider the broader issues behind a problem.
Staff are able to assist users when time and knowledge permit.
Staff are able to change their shifts without any loss of effectiveness to the organisation.
Staff are able to do different jobs in their departments.
Staff are able to immediately know about and check accounts that are overdue.
Staff are able to provide general assistance and instruction.
Staff are able to provide general assistance, instruction, ready reference and some telephone help.
Staff are able to purchase hangtags through payroll deduction.
Staff are able to utilise library services and borrow resources at no cost.
Staff are accountable for the quality of their performance.
Staff are active artists, designers and researchers.
Staff are active in curriculum design and review and teaching through lecturing, seminars and labs.
Staff are active members of a number of national and international research teams and organisations.
Staff are alert to the health and safety of the children and themselves.
Staff are all big enthusiasts who are selected on the criteria of expertise and dedication.
Staff are all highly qualified and enthusiastic windsurfer's.
Staff are also able to help with displays and exhibitions to support any school based events.
Staff are also able to respond quicker and more accurately to veterans' inquiries.
Staff are also active on the editorial boards of many national and international research journals.
Staff are also aggressive in reaching out to involve parents in their children's education.
Staff are also at work on incorp orating calculator-based items into tests.
Staff are also available for assistance in researching specific class assignments.
Staff are also available for consultation with pastors and lay leaders.
Staff are also available for trainings or to help with individual cases.
Staff are also available in the registration center to assist students as needed.
Staff are also available to accompany victims to the hospital and to court.
Staff are also available to assist customers with reference questions.
Staff are also available to assist individuals and all types of businesses with permitting issues.
Staff are also available to assist researchers.
Staff are also available to assist with equipment use and advice.
Staff are also available to assist with reference questions.
Staff are also available to give presentations to schools and community organizations.
Staff are also available to help patrons locate books, periodicals, and videos about the Internet.
Staff are also available to meet with students on an individual basis.
Staff are also available to provide advice in disaster preparedness, planning and salvage.
Staff are also available to provide information on all aspects of system wide contracts.
Staff are also available to provide programs.
Staff are also available to provide support and referrals.
Staff are also available to provide systems support, training and advice on a cost recovery basis.
Staff are also available to speak to groups on water conservation.
Staff are also available to speak to groups onwater conservation.
Staff are also busy refining protocols to assist industry in containing the spread of the disease.
Staff are also delighted to visit organizations as part of our community relations.
Staff are also facile searchers of the Internet in general.
Staff are also happy to see prospective students.
Staff are also helpful in identifying where performance can be improved.
Staff are also on hand at all times to assist, if needed help is always available.
Staff are also on hand for further advice.
Staff are also on hand to cater to customers enquiries.
Staff are also on-hand to assist users.
Staff are also practitioners in their field - as poets, painters, scriptwriters, policy consultants.
Staff are also responsible for maintaining lab security.
Staff are also responsible for moving patients on stretchers.
Staff are also responsible for the development of the collections in their subject areas.
Staff are also welcome to attend.
Staff are also welcome to bring their children in over the lunch hour for the festivities.
Staff are also willing to assist with prevention education.
Staff are always able to return home on weekends.
Staff are always available for user education.
Staff are always available to consult by phone or come in as needed.
Staff are always available to help.
Staff are always available to meet and talk informally with parents.
Staff are always available to provide extra assistance if it is required.
Staff are always friendly and very knowledgeable.
Staff are always friendly and willing to help.
Staff are always in attendance and able to offer help and advice.
Staff are always on hand for consultation.
Staff are always on hand to advise and answer questions.
Staff are always on hand to advise.
Staff are always on hand to assist with utilization of the materials and equipment.
Staff are always on hand to help.
Staff are always on hand to offer expert advice and full concierge services.
Staff are always on hand to provide advice and help.
Staff are always pleased to explain procedures and assist researchers.
Staff are always ready and willing to help.
Staff are always very happy to discuss a pupil's progress with the parents whenever necessary.
Staff are always willing to give advice to children, parents and teachers.
Staff are always willing to help and advise visitors.
Staff are an important factor in the drive for efficiency.
Staff are approachable and university is enjoyable.
Staff are assets.
Staff are at present carrying out research in all the areas mentioned above.
Staff are at the heart of our business.
Staff are attentive and ready to spring into action.
Staff are available around the clock to answer questions or to provide emergency help and referrals.
Staff are available at all levels to provide information and service to all populations as needed.
Staff are available at all times for disasters and emergencies .
Staff are available at all times for emergencies and disasters.
Staff are available at all times to help with information and research queries.
Staff are available at posted hours to provide aid in effective writing.
Staff are available at the circulation desks at all times during opening hours.
Staff are available at the counter to attend residents' requirements and control visitor access.
Staff are available at various hours and days, depending upon location.
Staff are available by phone and e-mail to address administrative, advising and technical issues.
Staff are available by phone and email to address administrative, advising, and technical issues.
Staff are available by phone to answer questions.
Staff are available by telephone.
Staff are available during regular office hours for pre-consultation on any Municipal application.
Staff are available during regular office hours to answer telephone and e-mail help lines.
Staff are available during the above hours to provide assistance.
Staff are available during the training day as well as night residence hours.
Staff are available for assistance and items can be checked out from the help center counters.
Staff are available for assistance, and all necessary equipment is provided.
Staff are available for community education, training, and outreach.
Staff are available for consultations on individual cases.
Staff are available for emergencies and disasters.
Staff are available for orientation, getting started, basic help, and equipment maintenance.
Staff are available for post-operative care and collection of samples and data as required.
Staff are available for reference assistance upon request.
Staff are available for reference service during scheduled reference hours .
Staff are available in each of the offices to counsel and assist lowa business people.
Staff are available in-studio or by phone, for live or taped programs.
Staff are available on a full-time basis to assist investigators with their studies.
Staff are available 'on call' to provide support in difficult situations.
Staff are available one each building to help mediate roommate conflicts.
Staff are available there throughout the conference.
Staff are available to accompany survivors to appointments, and to assist with filing any reports.
Staff are available to advise individuals, matching interests and skills with community needs.
Staff are available to answer any questions regarding application requirements.
Staff are available to answer any questions.
Staff are available to answer calls in Spanish and Spanish-language materials are available.
Staff are available to answer questions and give community presentations.
Staff are available to answer questions and help part-time students with any problems.
Staff are available to answer questions at the ITC desk.
Staff are available to answer questions.
Staff are available to assist collection of fine needle aspirates in physician offices.
Staff are available to assist courts in the design and implementation of new programs.
Staff are available to assist customers if necessary.
Staff are available to assist faculty with presentation ideas.
Staff are available to assist in any smoking related problem.
Staff are available to assist in crisis intervention situations any time, day or night.
Staff are available to assist in finding appropriate materials.
Staff are available to assist in gaining access to the elevator or in reaching another floor.
Staff are available to assist in indentifying and locating maps.
Staff are available to assist in providing information on studies and inpatient accrual.
Staff are available to assist in the finding of information.
Staff are available to assist in the use of materials and equipment.
Staff are available to assist individuals to explore career options and conduct employment searches.
Staff are available to assist individuals with care giving issues.
Staff are available to assist investigators in each step of the process.
Staff are available to assist or refer students to appropriate student services.
Staff are available to assist patrons conducting their own research.
Staff are available to assist patrons in finding and using materials.
Staff are available to assist patrons in finding materials upon request.
Staff are available to assist students in completing their applications.
Staff are available to assist students in locating information concerning filing a grievance.
Staff are available to assist students throughout the process.
Staff are available to assist students with academic counseling and advising.
Staff are available to assist students with their applications and budgets.
Staff are available to assist students with virtually any question, issue, or problem.
Staff are available to assist travelers with their various needs and logistics.
Staff are available to assist users in locating materials and in operation of equipment.
Staff are available to assist users in meeting their information needs with the computers.
Staff are available to assist users.
Staff are available to assist visitors with their research.
Staff are available to assist with dressing, bathing, and supervising medication.
Staff are available to assist with enquiries ranging from ready reference to more detailed research.
Staff are available to assist with the referral process.
Staff are available to assist with the retrieval of information.
Staff are available to assist with using the machines and collections.
Staff are available to assist.
Staff are available to consult with case managers, families, and group living staff.
Staff are available to consult with students on an appointment and walk-in basis.
Staff are available to counsel and advise all students on potential sources of funding.
Staff are available to deal with urgent matters, even out of hours and at weekends.
Staff are available to discuss planning and development matters during normal office hours.
Staff are available to do presentations to schools and community groups, upon request.
Staff are available to give advice and support.
Staff are available to give providers and consumers guidance, support and assistance.
Staff are available to give tours and talks to local groups and organizations.
Staff are available to go on-site.
Staff are available to guide visitors to the appropriate resources and to answer questions.
Staff are available to help answer any academic question.
Staff are available to help clients access and use the information available.
Staff are available to help faculty address family needs in a variety of ways.
Staff are available to help in obtaining information quickly and efficiently.
Staff are available to help locate, assess and advise researchers about the archiving process.
Staff are available to help schools access resources to meet the needs of the curriculum.
Staff are available to help users who are unfamiliar with the equipment.
Staff are available to help with instruction.
Staff are available to help with regulatory forms, budgeting, carrying out the trial, and follow-up.
Staff are available to help.
Staff are available to lead seminars on stewardship and issues related to local church finances.
Staff are available to observe and screen a child for special needs.
Staff are available to offer assistance.
Staff are available to pass on the messages of The Teaching Rocks.
Staff are available to provide a tour and information about particular items in the room.
Staff are available to provide assistance and, by appointment, language counselling.
Staff are available to provide assistance in finding and using government information.
Staff are available to provide briefings and information to potential volunteers.
Staff are available to provide estimates.
Staff are available to provide friendly introductory help if required.
Staff are available to provide general homework assistance and reference help.
Staff are available to provide tours and information about particular items in the room.
Staff are available to provide training and support as needed.
Staff are available to respond to callers during core business hours.
Staff are available to respond to callers during the core hours of business.
Staff are available to respond to questions, make referrals, or provide educational information.
Staff are available to respond to student crises or other concerns.
Staff are available to respond to students' questions and concerns of all kinds.
Staff are available to retrieve material and assist with the use of readers and printers.
Staff are available to speak on information gatherings and technology transfer.
Staff are available to speak to civic, religious and other groups.
Staff are available to take calls in both English and Spanish.
Staff are available to talk with parents, teachers, daycares, and health and community agencies.
Staff are available to undertake the activities outlined.
Staff are available to welcome alumnae, answer questions and provide assistance.
Staff are available to work with students individually or in groups.
Staff are available twenty four hours a day to respond.
Staff are available who speak English and Spanish.
Staff are availble to assist patrons in machine use, retrieval and copy requests.
Staff are aware of any special offers or pricing deals.
Staff are aware of difficulties due to the popularity of the network and strain on resources.
Staff are better at team building.
Staff are bilingual in English and Spanish.
Staff are both professionals and former clients.
Staff are capable of answering most technical questions.
Staff are cheap, promotion is precious.
Staff are civil servants.
Staff are clean and neatly dressed.
Staff are clearly proud to be part of the organisation and what it is striving to achieve.
Staff are committed to helping students achieve their own academic goals.
Staff are committed to providing a safe, structured and nurturing environment.
Staff are committed to the continuous improvement of quality in every service and operation.
Staff are competent and friendly, the place is well run and has a good hands-off ambience.
Staff are competent in first aid.
Staff are competent, by education and training.
Staff are concerned about wardrobe implications.
Staff are conscientious and courteous and follow up is good.
Staff are conscious of the noise generated by the photocopiers and the computing labs.
Staff are constantly on hand to assist with enquiries and provide assistance when needed.
Staff are courteous and attentive without being overbearing.
Staff are courteous and efficient and have a good understanding of the menu.
Staff are courteous and friendly to each other and the children and provide good role models.
Staff are courteous and helpful.
Staff are crisply uniformed but entirely human.
Staff are critical to the accomplishment of our mission.
Staff are critical.
Staff are cross-trained and certified in several modalities.
Staff are delighted to have improved work areas.
Staff are distant and seemingly uninterested, but efficient.
Staff are eager to help students find their way around town and the greater Bay Area.
Staff are early childhood professionals, many of whom have earned master's degrees.
Staff are easily identifiable by navy hatching matching dispatching T-shirts.
Staff are efficient and businesslike.
Staff are efficient and friendly and food arrives soon after orders are taken.
Staff are either non-classified or classified.
Staff are eligible for funding every three years.
Staff are eligible for tuition remission and other generous benefits.
Staff are eligible to apply for advertised positions provided they hold the required qualifications.
Staff are eligible to make use of the sports facilities by paying a nominal fee.
Staff are eligible to receive only one grant.
Staff are eligible to use sick time as soon as it is accrued.
Staff are energetic and student-centered.
Staff are enthusiastic about the units they teach.
Staff are especially pleased with the copiers.
Staff are excellent role models reinforcing traditional family values.
Staff are excellent role models reinforcing traditional values.
Staff are excited to present mini nutrition lessons.
Staff are exempt from certain fees, designated by the lab administrators.
Staff are exempt from fines.
Staff are experience with using all format cameras in the studio and in the field.
Staff are expert and helpful.
Staff are extremely nice. .
Staff are extremely nice.
Staff are fairly young, attentive and quite efficient.
Staff are familiar with the format and now accept it as a welcome change.
Staff are fluent in sign language as well as knowledgeable about and sensitive to Deaf Culture.
Staff are former military officers.
Staff are free to perform more complex cataloging tasks.
Staff are friendly and helpful and actually look like they enjoy their jobs.
Staff are friendly and helpful with services such as theatre tickets.
Staff are friendly and helpful.
Staff are friendly and informed and respect the problems experienced by older unemployed people.
Staff are friendly and knowledgeable and courses arrive promptly.
Staff are friendly and knowledgeable.
Staff are friendly and obliging.
Staff are friendly and rates include breakfast.
Staff are friendly and service is attentive without being intrusive.
Staff are friendly and the rooms are all comfortable.
Staff are friendly and willing to help whenever and wherever possible.
Staff are friendly, courteous and willing to learn.
Staff are friendly, everyone is so helpful.
Staff are friendly, excellent villa, relaxing atmosphere.
Staff are friendly, helpful and knowledgeable and never stop working during the busy evening.
Staff are friendly, helpful.
Staff are fully qualified and experienced professionals.
Staff are fully qualified to work on historically designated buildings.
Staff are generally available to assist each student in using the information effectively.
Staff are happier.
Staff are happy to assist in the administration of insurance forms.
Staff are happy to demonstrate use of the system.
Staff are happy to discuss the age groups for which programs are designed.
Staff are happy to give initial guidance in response to informal queries.
Staff are happy to organise any kind of break, whether it's for fitness, ice cream or elevenses.
Staff are happy to run searches on request and to prepare lists of journal articles and books.
Staff are happy with the policies.
Staff are health and sexuality educators and counselors.
Staff are health and sexuality educators and school counselors.
Staff are health and sexuality educators and social workers.
Staff are health and sexuality educators.
Staff are helpful and friendly.
Staff are helpful with program selection.
Staff are helpful with suggestions and are able to give a good description of the dishes.
Staff are here to talk and to listen, if that's what our guests want.
Staff are highly knowledgeable and are experienced in a specific area.
Staff are highly qualified and motivated.
Staff are highly qualified and very active in research.
Staff are highly qualified both in physiotherapy and education and most have higher degrees.
Staff are highly qualified in their fields of practice.
Staff are highly responsive to change and adapting to new technologies.
Staff are highly responsive to student and employer feedback on course design and teaching methods.
Staff are highly skilled in providing service to their particular audience.
Staff are highly supportive - committed to assisting students' individual development.
Staff are highly trained and educated.
Staff are highly trained and experienced with most language groups.
Staff are highly trained professionals who work with irreplaceable collections on a daily basis.
Staff are human after all.
Staff are in discussions with possible collaborators to extend the resource to other states.
Staff are in the process of being trained to data enter the human resources side of the world.
Staff are in the process of compiling information about our programs.
Staff are in the process of moving in and equipment is being installed.
Staff are in training or have just finished training.
Staff are incredibly powerful.
Staff are intentional about meeting the individual needs of each child as well.
Staff are interested in increased opportunities to attend conferences other than staff development.
Staff are keenly aware of and respond to each child's unique needs and style of learning.
Staff are key resources.
Staff are key.
Staff are knowledgeable and current regarding educational research and best practices.
Staff are knowledgeable and professional.
Staff are knowledgeable in the area of industrial development.
Staff are knowledgeable, helpful, and good and dealing with nonstandard requirements.
Staff are knowlegeable, helpful and friendly.
Staff are leaving because of low morale caused by the pressures of the job, say midwives.
Staff are legally responsible for reporting all suspected cases of child abuse and neglect.
Staff are limited in what they can offer for activities and services because there is only one room.
Staff are Maine college and high school coaches, and well-qualified college ballplayers.
Staff are master teachers.
Staff are mature, exciting Jewish role models.
Staff are members of a number of European and transatlantic networks.
Staff are mentors and positive role models.
Staff are more aware of each resident and their individual needs.
Staff are more empowered.
Staff are more inclined to ask for and participate in facilitated discussions.
Staff are more involved with the organisation.
Staff are more satisfied.
Staff are most courteous and unobtrusive.
Staff are mostly warm and genuine.
Staff are much better informed and focused.
Staff are multi-lingual.
Staff are now a part of several important networks of service providers.
Staff are now free to focus on the issues that require specialized expertise.
Staff are now in the process of setting up review committees.
Staff are now part of the process and can interject comments and ideas.
Staff are of course free to choose whichever provider of travel medicine they prefer.
Staff are of paramount importance in accomplishing the goals of any correctional agency.
Staff are often scared by the spooky characters they encounter.
Staff are often subject specialists.
Staff are older and have had experience with younger children.
Staff are on a separate holiday schedule.
Staff are on call and available for emergency requests for service during non-business hours.
Staff are on call to deal with situations that require immediate attention.
Staff are on duty around the clock in each residence hall.
Staff are on duty at that time to provide supervision.
Staff are on duty five days per week.
Staff are on duty seven days per week.
Staff are on duty there to answer spot questions any time.
Staff are on duty while residents are in the home.
Staff are on hand day and night.
Staff are on hand to answer crane questions and direct people to local crane viewing hot spots.
Staff are on hand to answer questions and assist patrons in using the materials.
Staff are on hand to answer questions and there is a programme of guided walks and tours.
Staff are on hand to answer questions and to provide assistance.
Staff are on hand to assist with computer and internet skills.
Staff are on hand to assist with problems.
Staff are on hand to assist with research strategy suggestions.
Staff are on hand to give assistance and to answer basic set-up questions.
Staff are on hand to help anyone who s unfamiliar with the technology.
Staff are on hand to organize teams and supervise the program.
Staff are on hand to provide advice and assistance.
Staff are on hand to provide help if needed.
Staff are on hand to provide pre-sales consulting.
Staff are on site and available for consultation and emergencies.
Staff are on site who can provide education, counseling and referrals.
Staff are on site.
Staff are on standby to install computers as soon as the area is declared secure.
Staff are on-call during all evening and holiday hours.
Staff are on-call for and crisis intervention.
Staff are on-hand to deliver faxes, send mail and assist with photocopying.
Staff are on-hand to offer advise and information on the material.
Staff are only ever an email message away.
Staff are only men, to avoid prostitution.
Staff are our company's biggest asset.
Staff are owners in the corporation, which increases the chances of success.
Staff are passionate about their work and the organization.
Staff are patient, highly skilled and knowledgeable in computer training and instruction.
Staff are pleased to respond to mail, fax, or e-mail queries.
Staff are pleased too.
Staff are positive, caring and supportive.
Staff are prepared and ready for implementation pending completion of the building.
Staff are pretty much required to read on , others can pass if they so choose.
Staff are primarily technical experts.
Staff are qualified, energetic and friendly and the service is fully accredited.
Staff are qualified, energetic and friendly.
Staff are quite busy caring for the children present.
Staff are quite friendly, and the chef is prepared to cook certain vegetarian dishes on request.
Staff are quite relaxed about the whole thing.
Staff are ready to assist with any technical problems.
Staff are ready to provide any additional assistance.
Staff are really helpful and friendly.
Staff are really helpful, friendly and speak excellent English.
Staff are really, really hard to come by.
Staff are relaxed and always friendly.
Staff are reluctant to knock and enter the library when the door is closed.
Staff are remote and formal.
Staff are responsible for all information that they publish.
Staff are responsible for being familiar with all portions of the manual.
Staff are responsible for campers on their hall and enforcing the camp's the rules.
Staff are responsible for checking the visa requirements from their own country to Malaysia.
Staff are responsible for locking their own areas of responsibility before leaving the premises.
Staff are responsible for maintaining their pages.
Staff are responsible for providing honest assistance.
Staff are responsible for providing programming to enhance community for their residents.
Staff are responsible for recording all hours worked on a daily and weekly basis.
Staff are responsible for their own access and for monitoring the activities of their students.
Staff are responsible for total patient care.
Staff are responsive to the individual health needs of the children.
Staff are satisfied with their work environment.
Staff are self-reliant and independent.
Staff are sensitive to children's individual needs.
Staff are smartly uniformed and helpful.
Staff are stepford like and are preped in their responses.
Staff are still reluctant to take initiative.
Staff are still unhappy with the changes.
Staff are strong proponents of natural light, but it was too expensive.
Staff are supportive, encouraging and approachable.
Staff are the department s most important assets.
Staff are the District's most valuable asset.
Staff are the eyes and ears of a business.
Staff are the last to get to go to conferences.
Staff are the major security risk in most cases.
Staff are the ones that make things happen.
Staff are the very heart and soul of the school.
Staff are therefore able to provide highly personal service.
Staff are to attend at least one professional meeting.
Staff are to attend weekly staff meetings and to meet regularly with their supervisors.
Staff are to be advised to keep copies.
Staff are to be available to respond to callers during the core hours of business.
Staff are to be comrnended for their work.
Staff are to be dressed in hemp, with hemp and silk underwear.
Staff are to be told of the closure plan today.
Staff are to choose the unit that is nearest to their campus.
Staff are to document that consumers have reviewed the grievance procedure annually.
Staff are to encourage responsible access at all times.
Staff are to escort or direct visitors and students out of the building.
Staff are to inform security where any disabled patron are waiting as they exit.
Staff are to leave the alarm sounding until the doors have been checked.
Staff are to notify coordinator when leaving unit for any reason.
Staff are to report to work areas.
Staff are to see the videos during orientation so they can answer patient and family questions.
Staff are to take a problem or complaint to the immediate supervisor.
Staff are to use a time capture device at a specified location.
Staff are to use the Internet for library related purposes only.
Staff are unable to give valuations for any purpose, nor are they able to recommend valuers .
Staff are unable to hold computers for patrons who have left the area.
Staff are unable to work in some areas of the building for more than a few minutes at a time.
Staff are under no obligation of confidentiality in their work.
Staff are under tremendous pressure to provide even a semblance of adequate care to the sick.
Staff are unfailingly pleasant and serious about their work.
Staff are unfriendly and fight with each other in public areas.
Staff are usually happy to purchase food from the cafeteria on the patients behalf.
Staff are usually the first contact for students, patients, clients, and potential donors.
Staff are usually very broadminded and supportive.
Staff are very active in professional organizations.
Staff are very alert to the possibility of bullying, of which there is clearly very little.
Staff are very attentive and unobtrusive and are patient when explaining the menu to patrons.
Staff are very aware of the increased confidence with which the pupils now tackle their learning.
Staff are very conscious of and careful about ensuring the children's safety.
Staff are very excited to pursue completion of the program.
Staff are very friendly and efficient.
Staff are very friendly and willing to help.
Staff are very friendly.
Staff are very helpful and knowledgeable.
Staff are very helpful and relaxed.
Staff are very helpful.
Staff are very nice too.
Staff are very pleasnat and helpful.
Staff are very professional - attentive, willing to check out details and prompt.
Staff are very professional, and some speak English.
Staff are very stable.
Staff are vigilant in challenging unknown or unexpected visitors.
Staff are vitally important to the administrative side.
Staff are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Staff are welcome to attend.
Staff are welcome to bring their lunches to the event.
Staff are welcome to call about individual services.
Staff are welcome to join and take advantage of the library services.
Staff are welcome to use facilities are both sites.
Staff are well experienced with computers and software programs.
Staff are well qualified and experienced, with a high national profile.
Staff are well qualified and skilled in supporting hearing impaired students.
Staff are well qualified and turnover is low.
Staff are well trained, efficient and courteous.
Staff are well-trained in duties and philosophy of company.
Staff are willing to listen to students' problems.
Staff are willing to risk and try new things.
Staff are willing to travel outside of that area, however, transportation fees then apply.
Staff are worldwide.
Staff are worried about their employment prospects.
Staff are young and a bit overwhelmed by the instant popularity of the place.
Staff are young and friendly and the service is low key and efficient.
Staff are young.
Staff are, essentially, an online office.
Staff argues that the check shows the hauls to have been made in behalf of Feed Star.
Staff arranges for plaques and citations.
Staff Ask about the residence's practices and philosophy regarding staffing.
Staff asks students to rate their interests.
Staff assemblies where all members can voice their opinions on maters of policy are rare.
Staff asserts two applicable exceptions to the automatic stay provision.
Staff assess each patient's and dietary history.
Staff assess the effect of exposure to contaminants on humans.
Staff assess the patient.
Staff assesses each client and works out individualized plans for services to meet their needs.
Staff assist and support individuals to reach a higher level of independence in all areas of life.
Staff assist any students who self identify as having disabilities.
Staff assist communities in establishing libraries.
Staff assist consumers in completing job applications and also preparing for interviews.
Staff assist in completing documentation for graduation and certification eligibility.
Staff assist in obtaining and implementing accommodations when required.
Staff assist individuals to live in their own apartments or houses among non-handicapped people.
Staff assist municipalities with TIP project development and tracking.
Staff assist residents with a case plan, client independence and safety.
Staff assist residents with developing skills integral to more independent living.
Staff assist students in locating and attaining research materials.
Staff assist students in meeting their career and educational goals.
Staff assist the public in the use of demographic data upon request.
Staff assist users in the use of our resources and have an active library instruction program.
Staff assist with job placement, job training and follow-up support to the employee.
Staff assist with meeting goals and learning skills at home and in the community.
Staff assist with museum displays, give lectures to school groups and assist with school projects.
Staff assist with preventing deformities and relieving discomfort.
Staff assists candidates in arranging funding resources.
Staff assists Hancock County schools with vision and hearing screenings.
Staff assists residents in developing skills and supports necessary to maintain in the community.
Staff assists students directly, and through information, advising and referral.
Staff assists students with academic and personal adjustment to medical school.
Staff assists wood producers in product marketing, including exports.
Staff assists wood product producers in product marketing, including exports.
Staff associated with the centre are active in a wide range of fields.
Staff attempts to catch the main idea of the meeting and to record motions and votes.
Staff attempts to contact all participants at least quarterly.
Staff attempts to educate and empower consumers to resolve their own problems.
Staff attempts to have all complaints routed through the center.
Staff attend an intensive pre-camp training and safety orientation.
Staff attend conferences and seminars that pertain to their area of expertise.
Staff attend conferences and training courses regularly.
Staff attend from all over the world.
Staff attend in-house seminars on environmental issues both pertaining to the hotel and globally.
Staff attend outside conferences and workshops and participate in inservice training.
Staff attend technology training on campus and statewide.
Staff attend to individuals with gentleness and respect.
Staff attend trainings throughout the year.
Staff attends and prepares minutes for public meetings.
Staff attends the student's home on a regular basis.
Staff attends upon invitation to answer questions or address concerns.
Staff attends workshops, conferences or participates in summer planning work sessions.
Staff attract considerable funding and publish extensively in internationally renowned journals.
Staff automatically has access to the general fields within their own pages for updating.
Staff Be conservative about full- time hires.
Staff Be conservative about full-time hires.
Staff bears the burden.
Staff become experts.
Staff becomes more aware of society's changing needs and trends.
Staff becomes work.
Staff begin developing implementation plans and schedules.
Staff begin taking requests for tutors approximately a week into each semester.
Staff begin to move on to other sites.
Staff begins to understand the scope, purpose, and process for school reinvention.
Staff begins work to qualify for performance based compensation.
Staff being able to learn at their own pace is a rapidly growing market.
Staff being relatively powerful, simultaneously have particular responsibilities to all students.
Staff believe such high expectations help instill responsibility in students.
Staff believe that many of the girls are seeking attention, love, and acceptance in negative ways.
Staff believe that something has to be done about the problem.
Staff believe the livability issues can be addressed through the design conditions imposed.
Staff believe the school plays a vital role in the prevention of youth risk behaviors.
Staff believes in being experts in child development.
Staff believes in diversity.
Staff believes in mastering a concept and then moving on.
Staff believes in teaching the whole child.
Staff believes in working together.
Staff believes it to be a fair and equitable proposal.
Staff believes that it is consistent with the municipal intent to approve the subject petition.
Staff believes that the near-term measures can be achieved through current staff resources.
Staff believes that the proposed action is consistent with the commission's instructions.
Staff believes that they can enable student learning.
Staff believes the answer is no.
Staff believes the practice is based on a recent reinterpretation of the tariff.
Staff believes the project conforms to the guidelines for mixed use.
Staff believes the proposed height is compatible with the surrounding neighborhood.
Staff belong to a variety of classes.
Staff blends in with local atmosphere.
Staff bring the program to the homebound and neighborhood senior centers.
Staff bring their field experience to bear on their teaching and research activities.
Staff bring their technology ethics expertise to other institutions, as well.
Staff build up a horse's tolerance to unusual sights and sounds.
Staff builds and fosters working relationships with mills and manufacturers around the world.
Staff cabins with climate control.
Staff can access any area of the software through a browser.
Staff can access patient records on the agency end and practice recording and editing information.
Staff can accompany victims to court for emotional support and explain legal proceedings.
Staff can add their own information and examples.
Staff can advise as to the general availability of documents and information.
Staff can advise on availability and answer questions.
Staff can advise on collections in the Toronto area.
Staff can advise on how to solve rodent problems.
Staff can advise on likely costs.
Staff can advise readers on the appropriate categories to search.
Staff can advise students on a case specific basis regarding the adequacy of their documentation.
Staff can also access the information line for updates.
Staff can also add programs dynamically.
Staff can also answer any queries.
Staff can also answer questions about renewing books or paying fines.
Staff can also answer questions better and elected officials understand what's happening.
Staff can also arrange local accomodation.
Staff can also assist participants with exploring other funding possibilities.
Staff can also be ambivalent.
Staff can also be available during off business hours to receive bulk samples or project discussion.
Staff can also be available for special projects.
Staff can also call up their own time data.
Staff can also come along to discuss departmental or other group training needs if they wish.
Staff can also conduct video-taped mock interviews as class assignments.
Staff can also develop their own self-initiated internships.
Staff can also do whole barbecued pigs and sheep to order for dinners or delivery.
Staff can also encourage children to talk to their parents.
Staff can also facilitate board or staff retreats.
Staff can also help with requests for copies of bulletins issued earlier.
Staff can also keep in touch with aircraft and MRTs via an HF radio system.
Staff can also provide a limited amount of information over the telephone.
Staff can also provide information about Internet books and manuals.
Staff can also provide information on other housing options in the city.
Staff can also provide information on where to get appropriate training.
Staff can also provide referrals to other sources of information.
Staff can also provide the names of local genealogists.
Staff can also reach administration information using dial-in thin client access.
Staff can also recommend restaurants.
Staff can also refer to useful resources outside the library.
Staff can also screen, x-ray, diagnose and treat tuberculosis.
Staff can also send file materials on a wide variety of topics.
Staff can also train and supervise post-graduate students in various laboratory procedures.
Staff can also use one of the camp shelters to read and relax.
Staff can also view classified ads placed by the company and To Do related items.
Staff can also visit local bars or hangouts to see if there are condom machines in the bathrooms.
Staff can also visit parents at home.
Staff can also watch for specific interests that can be pursued later.
Staff can alter their own notes, assessments, etc., without the delay of a third party.
Staff can answer most general and simple questions.
Staff can answer questions about arrangements for departmental software licensing.
Staff can answer simple questions concerning the information in our office.
Staff can arouse patient from episode.
Staff can arrange convenient payment schedules as needed.
Staff can arrange excursions.
Staff can arrange golf and entertainment packages for guests.
Staff can arrange themes, decorations, and party favors.
Staff can articulate the kinds of learning opportunities they access throughout the year.
Staff can assist family members to record familiar prayers for playing to their loved ones.
Staff can assist in accessing the electronic sources.
Staff can assist in developing new policies or modifying existing ones.
Staff can assist in helping locate additional sources.
Staff can assist with basic features.
Staff can assist with locating sites.
Staff can assist with locating specific information or developing search strategies.
Staff can assist with marking.
Staff can assist with searches of the databases for the collection held in closed stacks.
Staff can assist with selections and answer requests.
Staff can assist with the necessary forms.
Staff can assist youth in obtaining information and services relevant to their needs.
Staff can at any time, have access to 'live' information concerning system or product status.
Staff can attempt to locate a homestay that can accommodate a student.
Staff can attend single courses or a package of courses that lead staff through a range of skills.
Staff can balance their home and other personal activites with work and commuting etc.
Staff can be a valuable asset in the research and evaluation phase.
Staff can be acutely aware of any injustice or inequity.
Staff can be available to act as consultants.
Staff can be more responsive.
Staff can be of service to students to the extent their individual needs are made known.
Staff can be on hand by arrangement to assist where required.
Staff can be parents, parents of former students, school personnel or community members.
Staff can begin to verify ballots Send ballot boxes to branches.
Staff can benefit from the sets' full functionality without wasting time in training classes.
Staff can book a course on behalf of their unit, charging the cost to their unit's account code.
Staff can call for credit card information.
Staff can cater for banquets and the hotel even has a licence for weddings.
Staff can charge out the material to the person concerned.
Staff can check for current issues received.
Staff can check items out.
Staff can check out titles from the library to meet professional development requirements.
Staff can check the situation of the survey using monitors.
Staff can check their Email by clicking the Icon on the left or by clicking here .
Staff can choose from four sizes of poinsettia, hanging baskets, pine wreaths, and houseplants.
Staff can choose the means of communication that fit the occasion and their working style.
Staff can cite an example of a community-centered program.
Staff can clean camera body.
Staff can come from a variety of backgrounds.
Staff can consist of credentialed teachers, school aides, college students, and community members.
Staff can converse with patients in a variety of languages.
Staff can copy materials for disabled users by special request.
Staff can create a customized checklist to cover the school's particular grandstand.
Staff can create interlibrary loan requests for use with the QuILL local site and processing center.
Staff can customize a set of virtual transactions and create new ones with minimal effort.
Staff can design and administer surveys, analyse data and produce reports.
Staff can design and implement training and technical assistance programs in a braod range of areas.
Staff can develop lessons that cater for a variety of learning styles.
Staff can develop marketing studies and collect primary information for potential projects.
Staff can devote a limited amount of time providing reference.
Staff can discuss how they can connect to the net from office using their laptop.
Staff can discuss projects and even share and amend data from their systems in real-time.
Staff can do limited research to locate vital records requested by mail.
Staff can do only limited preliminary research for persons unable to visit the archives in person.
Staff can do so only under very limited conditions.
Staff can dog sit if preferred.
Staff can download budgets and submit updated data on-line.
Staff can draw from a newly created patient education manual loaded with practical teaching plans.
Staff can earn points and win prizes for participating.
Staff can ease a delay by communicating what is happening and thinking about the patient's comfort.
Staff can easily insert new documents and appropriate reference information is added automatically.
Staff can easily specify a search to find the next free slot for a patient.
Staff can easily talk internally and externally.
Staff can end up having little or no life of their own.
Staff can explain the medical system and introduce English-speaking doctors.
Staff can fill a special request or choose materials to match a customer's preferences.
Staff can focus on more complex issues rather than solve the same issues over and over again.
Staff can get a discount upon presenting their staff card.
Staff can get by on their own.
Staff can get testy on busy nights.
Staff can give further advice.
Staff can hand out detention and, in more severe cases, pupils can be suspended.
Staff can have different perceptions of what they are doing with clients.
Staff can have morning meetings rather than after school.
Staff can help anticipate questions that are likely to arise in the review process.
Staff can help assess interests, talents, skills, values.
Staff can help educate providers on what is available. .
Staff can help fill in disability benefit claim forms and answer questions about disabilty benefits.
Staff can help inform residents of proposed developments.
Staff can help locate books and instruct in their use only.
Staff can help locate services throughout the United States.
Staff can help over the telephone or can come to instructors' offices to give assistance.
Staff can help promote attendance.
Staff can help set-up classroom web support, forums, email discussion lists and chat rooms.
Staff can help with academic problems that arise from being involved in an abusive relationship.
Staff can help with enquiries, although they are unable to undertake extensive research.
Staff can help with problems that can arise from being involved in an abusive relationship.
Staff can help with the budget and help determine the best method to invest.
Staff can however alternatively raise a concern directly with the complaints investigator.
Staff can immediately receive answers and clarification to their policy questions.
Staff can individually configure when and how often they receive such email notifications.
Staff can inform people how to acquire information, be heard and effect change in society.
Staff can instruct members on safe equipment usage.
Staff can join the scheme and use participating libraries for reference.
Staff can listen into their conversations through a secret microphone.
Staff can log new calls and work on existing work orders from anywhere in the world.
Staff can look quite sullen or unhelpful even though they on have the right shirt.
Staff can mail brochures and give advice on Alaskan travel.
Staff can maintain a member database including birthdays, anniversaries, etc.
Staff can maintain member mailing lists and can print labels directly from the list.
Staff can make an appointment to see a Counsellor to help with a referral or in a crisis.
Staff can manage documents and perform tasks from displayed image.
Staff can modify timetables at any stage, even after students have made their selection.
Staff can no longer document pre-payment for multiple trips.
Staff can now become more selective in how and when they work, and even whom they want to work for.
Staff can now draw from a new patient education manual loaded with practical teaching plans.
Staff can now login from home and see live temperature readings.
Staff can now retrieve customer consumption levels via computer, reducing the cost of service.
Staff can now stay at a single workstation to complete the processing sequence.
Staff can obtain one free transferable permit.
Staff can offer guidance in connecting the CCD to the patron's television.
Staff can offer informal guidance and assistance in researching topics on the American West.
Staff can offer moral support to families having a particularly difficult time treating a case.
Staff can often estimate the cost of parts before they begin repairs.
Staff can only give a limited time to each enquiry.
Staff can only provide limited searching of sources.
Staff can order either a camera-ready master or a supply.
Staff can organise car and moto rental as well.
Staff can park south of school and students in the student parking lot.
Staff can participate in the program in two ways.
Staff can personally archive material for future reference or use.
Staff can place an order once in the spring.
Staff can prepare all meals.
Staff can present cues that are unclear or confusing.
Staff can preview the requests before actually purchasing titles.
Staff can print results direct to office printers.
Staff can profile and rate their knowledge and publish information with automatic updating.
Staff can proofread text to stay busy at desks.
Staff can provide a basic free search.
Staff can provide access to some collections, however.
Staff can provide additional information and possible alternatives.
Staff can provide advice on a range of research matters and care of documents.
Staff can provide and object identification service.
Staff can provide appropriate details about support.
Staff can provide assistance with completing the form.
Staff can provide assistance with photographic collections on site.
Staff can provide consultation on starting new types of self-help networks or groups.
Staff can provide critical incident debriefing for traumatic events in the workplace.
Staff can provide educational materials concerning occupational health.
Staff can provide estimates of a return date to the client or client's family.
Staff can provide guidance and written materials for selecting a provider.
Staff can provide information about Internet training opportunities and Internet books and manuals.
Staff can provide information on current events and attractions.
Staff can provide information on local hydrology and access points.
Staff can provide information or referral on a variety of cartographic topics.
Staff can provide interpreters for many different languages to help with discussions.
Staff can provide only minimum guidance.
Staff can provide reference information and referral.
Staff can provide researchers with routine guidance.
Staff can provide subject pathfinders and bibliographies.
Staff can provide technical assistance in restoring wetlands and other special habitats.
Staff can provide training and programmatic technical assistance to staff in community programs.
Staff can provide wheelchairs, directions, and other assistance.
Staff can provide worksheets to teachers and there is no charge for tours.
Staff can purchase a gallon of fluid at a service station, if necessary.
Staff can purchase new computer systems or upgrade existing PCs.
Staff can put on a skit and involve the clients, too.
Staff can quickly query the system by student number, course and a number of other attributes.
Staff can read and move the contents.
Staff can receive and respond to the call from anywhere in the facility or campus.
Staff can receive bonuses for completed projects.
Staff can receive individual copies, or they can receive items in batch.
Staff can receive supplemental income through an incentive program.
Staff can refer students to faculty advisers in students' areas of interest.
Staff can relate to a child's culture and home language.
Staff can relate to the content.
Staff can remove bars.
Staff can request access to the data via a web form upon approval by systems staff.
Staff can request initialization HERE .
Staff can request instruction on the use of any audio-visual equipment.
Staff can request TB test at any time.
Staff can request to work from home within their present job in whole or part.
Staff can require additional conditions of an operation having to apply for an individual permit.
Staff can require students to choose the lecture or practical stream they'll attend by signing-on.
Staff can respond to calls in either English or Spanish.
Staff can respond to calls in Spanish.
Staff can return materials through the internal mail system.
Staff can return to the more secure controlposition as necessary during transport.
Staff can run reports and look up policies, site information, and lessons learned.
Staff can scan a table of contents far faster than they can flip through the pages of magazines.
Staff can see client treatments, and authorization amounts for services.
Staff can seek opinions from potential committee members on how to organize the committee.
Staff can send a written submission or volunteer for an interview.
Staff can send an e-mail or a note to the instructor to sign up for the course at any time.
Staff can set up the program's technical parameters, but the content is up to the youth.
Staff can share their allocations to have the best use of the organizations resources.
Staff can share their experiences as campus employees.
Staff can share thoughts, useful tips and make suggestions.
Staff can simply fax out material to multiple recipients in a matter of minutes.
Staff can spend time on real problems rather than on routine tasks.
Staff can spend time with individual children.
Staff can sponsor exhibits and student presentations.
Staff can steal property from the office.
Staff can still safely navigate the campus and local areas.
Staff can supply details of local schemes.
Staff can take action to correct shortcomings.
Staff can take advantage of the central location by using public transport and cycling to work.
Staff can take annual leave, leave on full pay or leave without pay.
Staff can take no more than three days emergency leave without providing documentary evidence.
Staff can take the list to the patient to select an agency for service.
Staff can then access each catalog by clicking an icon.
Staff can then devote more time to screening in the best applicants.
Staff can then help assign individuals to a team in the activity of their choice.
Staff can then inform the patient that a new referral is required.
Staff can then request photocopies of articles for use in research and study.
Staff can track how far each team has made it in the past week on the Healthy Habits web page.
Staff can type letters, meeting minutes or labels.
Staff can undertake consultancy work using the facilities available.
Staff can use a maximum of five consecutive days for any one illness or injury.
Staff can use PTO on the first day of the month following the month it is earned.
Staff can use the activities to stimulate long term project ideas.
Staff can use the calendar pages to reserve multiple days.
Staff can use the data to inform their professional development.
Staff can use the materials for assessing, documenting and managing pain.
Staff can use their judgment to best serve the interests of the passenger.
Staff can usually help anticipate questions that are likely to arise in the review process.
Staff can verify and locate titles for members and perform interlibrary loans.
Staff can view the posting from either site.
Staff can view the Staff Information Area by clicking here .
Staff can work through the training programme at their own pace.
Staff can work with the petitioners to prioritize the water bodies, if desired.
Staff can, however, also be personally liable if they breach the Commerce Act during their work.
Staff care about each other.
Staff carries out the daily chores of feeding, housing, and caring for so many people.
Staff carry forward complete and eligible proposals for adjudication.
Staff carry out baseline surveys and document findings before any assistance is provided.
Staff change their own function key dates.
Staff changes For many years the staff of the department had a permanent look.
Staff changes Many frims continue to hire even as they lay off current staffers.
Staff changes regularly as do the volunteers.
Staff check out . . . .
Staff checks the indexes for the genealogists.
Staff choose below a designated maximum.
Staff closely monitor student progress.
Staff closely supervise activities that are potentially harmful.
Staff coach various sports such as volley ball, basketball, floor hockey, baseball and swimming.
Staff collaborate strongly, generating multidisciplinary and innovative research funding.
Staff collaborate with local youth agencies to provide continued service during the teen years.
Staff collaborate with other community service providers to assure an array of relevant services.
Staff collaborates through and across grade levels.
Staff collect and publish resources from member states.
Staff collect specimens of fossils, minerals, rocks, plants and animals, tools and artworks.
Staff collectively participate in making decisions and teachers work in co-teaching pairs.
Staff collects alot of traffic data, for example, vehicle speeds and traffic volumes.
Staff come and go as vacations are taken and renovations move into the void.
Staff come and go, but generic addresses are relevant forever and can simply be redirected.
Staff Come check out what makes the divinities in charge of AN tick.
Staff come from all walks of life.
Staff come from diverse backgrounds and interests.
Staff come from many different backgrounds and Christian denominations.
Staff Come Here.
Staff Come meet our staff.
Staff commit themselves to one hour a day for four weeks, to deepen their life of prayer.
Staff commit themselves to one hour a day for seven weeks, to deepen their life of prayer.
Staff commit themselves to one hour a day for several weeks, to deepen their life of prayer.
Staff communicate easily.
Staff communicate largely in the language.
Staff compare reported data to statutory criteria to identify noncompliance.
Staff completes the documentation forms, demonstrating that the policy was carried-out.
Staff concerns about too many shots seem to increase when more than two shots are required.
Staff concludes that the institution has the capacity to offer proposed program efficiently.
Staff concludes there is no unnecessary duplication or proliferation of programs.
Staff concurs and recommends approval.
Staff concurs in the case where operating conditions have changed.
Staff concurs with the findings . . .
Staff conduct a second price check at mid-morning and request additional collateral if necessary.
Staff conduct applications.
Staff conduct regular radio broadcasts and produce reviews in the popular and art press.
Staff conducts a database query using criteria specified by the employer.
Staff conducts daily power walks.
Staff conducts education outreach through pamphlets, brochures, fact sheets, and training sessions.
Staff conducts necessary field investigations to respond to citizen concerns.
Staff conducts nominations and voting for the annual award.
Staff conducts periodic maintenance and safety inspections of the office facilities.
Staff conducts smooth and unregimented transitions between activities.
Staff conducts tests The same procedure is followed as for a new product installation.
Staff conducts wrap-up meeting with chapter officers and alumni advisors.
Staff confirm risk management plans, travel itineraries and site plans.
Staff consider age, condition and equipment defects.
Staff consider that everyone applying for an extension is planning to work illegally.
Staff consistently reviews, reflects and implements changes as needed in current programs.
Staff consists of a director, a human resources technician and a part-time clerk.
Staff consists of a sole librarian assisted by a volunteer.
Staff consists of a unit director and a staff producer-director.
Staff consists of branch head, six support staff, plus student assistants.
Staff consists of family members and a few close friends.
Staff consists of highly motivated college and graduate students.
Staff consists of highly skilled research nurses.
Staff consists of one director, four counselors, and two staff personnel.
Staff consists of professionally schooled cooks.
Staff consists of psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers, and some graduate students.
Staff consists of the director, assistant director and three residential life coordinators.
Staff consists of two additional PhD archaeologists and others depending on project needs.
Staff consists of two psychiatrists and two clinical social workers.
Staff constantly review their methodologies to create an effective learning environment.
Staff contacts media when specific milestone events occur, publishes in peer group journals, etc.
Staff contacts the initiator to correct any deficiencies before processing the proposal further.
Staff contain the chaos rather than respond to and support individual development.
Staff continually updates and adds to a computerized biological database.
Staff continue to develop their expertise in emerging technologies, including video imaging.
Staff continue to experience a very high volume of calls.
Staff continue to pursue contacts abroad for additional records.
Staff continue to work on compiling the comments.
Staff continue to work on completing a draft of the rule.
Staff continue to work with students and their problem behaviors directly.
Staff continue working with client and employer in the community to train and assist both parties.
Staff continues to collect information and feedback from other teen centers and organizations.
Staff continues to develop innovative and exciting programming.
Staff continues to develop placements in new career areas for individuals to explore.
Staff continues to handle a variety of media relations tasks with success.
Staff continues to have in-service workshops on curricular changes.
Staff continues to log in the filings and to assess fines on late-filed statements.
Staff continues to look at ways to do things better.
Staff continues to monitor developments in the country.
Staff continues to monitor electronic credit repair ads.
Staff continues to provide technical assistance as requested and as needs are discovered.
Staff continues to pursue other options in remodeling and expanding the current leased space.
Staff continues to pursue sign placement.
Staff continues to recommend approval based on the findings in the original staff report.
Staff continues to record intake and output.
Staff continues to see very active trading on RTCs.
Staff continues to study new modality and safety issues and develop licensing procedures.
Staff continues to support the variance.
Staff continues to take education courses to enhance their insurance knowledge.
Staff continues to update and enhance the clerks' user's manual and probate court web site.
Staff continues to work on ways to get the other carriers involved.
Staff continues to work with commercial property owners in relocation assistance efforts.
Staff continues to work with refiners and distributors to address ongoing concerns.
Staff contribute to a number of post-experience courses.
Staff contribute to a wide range of courses, at graduate and post-graduate level.
Staff contribute to the regular seminar sessions held by the food research group.
Staff controls decision.
Staff coordinate backpacking trips, whitewater rafting, and a variety of other outdoor activities.
Staff coordinate budget numbers in the warrant and presentations for the Annual Town Meeting.
Staff coordinate volunteer efforts.
Staff coordinates meeting where tape is played.
Staff create baselines and design resolutions about specific areas on which to concentrate.
Staff create environments.
Staff create flyers, put notices in community papers, and coordinate the distribution of books.
Staff create healthy environments.
Staff culls the case and sends it back to the county.
Staff currently consists of two engineers and two technicians.
Staff currently has no secure, convenient place to hang their coats or stow personal items.
Staff currently spends time organizing regional committee meetings and working with committees.
Staff currently wears identification badges.
Staff deals with 'line jumpers' in an even-handed manner.
Staff deliver and pick up equipment that has been requested for classroom use.
Staff demonstrate privacy and confidentiality when providing services to clients.
Staff demonstrates a lack of concern due to no guidelines and direction for administration.
Staff demonstrates ability to minister with persons of diverse cultural and religious backgrounds.
Staff demonstrates community stewardship and interacts with all customers in a professional manner.
Staff deserve better than that.
Staff deserve full praise for their refined service.
Staff designs personal treatment plans to meet the specific needs of couples undergoing treatment.
Staff details the experience of our well-rounded staff.
Staff determines any action needed and the person responsible for implementation.
Staff determines eligibility and issues vouchers to families.
Staff determines if request can be met.
Staff develop and adjust trips to meet a groups abilities to ensure success and enjoyment.
Staff develop courses with the assistance of an advisory board.
Staff develop skills.
Staff develop specialised expertise in particular areas of teaching and research.
Staff develop the program by expanding on the interests of the children.
Staff develops a protocol to find sites displaying the practice.
Staff develops individuals as well as unit goals, objectives, and management plans.
Staff develops self management plans for setting goals and achieving results.
Staff devises new moneymaking ideas.
Staff directories .
Staff discuss activities in detail at weekly planning meetings.
Staff displays the art of spinning, cording and weaving.
Staff do jobs.
Staff do superb jobs.
Staff does an excellent job of utilizing volunteers.
Staff does inspections, site visits and complaint response on a daily basis.
Staff does support approving the parade permit.
Staff doubles from two to four.
Staff doubles in size.
Staff drafts preliminary position .
Staff drains used oil through a wire mesh into the collection tank.
Staff earn a bonus if a pre-determined goal is reached.
Staff earn one day of sick time each month.
Staff earns more money, though.
Staff eat seated at the table with the children and model good meal time eating habits and behavior.
Staff eat with the residents.
Staff eats both lunch and dinner with guests.
Staff employed on a casual basis are eligible for unpaid compassionate leave.
Staff employed on a casual basis are eligible for unpaid family illness leave.
Staff enable clients to establish their own goals by addressing a range of personal needs.
Staff enables business to operate and achieve goals.
Staff encourage full community integration as well as the development of a peer support network.
Staff encourage patrons to ask for assistance if needed.
Staff encourage students to eat a well balanced meal.
Staff encourage students to store their carpets for use the following year.
Staff encourage the children to use verbal expression to develop their language and social skills.
Staff encourages independence in children as they are ready.
Staff enforces rules consistently and equitably.
Staff enforces the consequences for students when infractions occur.
Staff engages in professional development with an emphasis on multiple intelligences and technology.
Staff enhance parents' capacity to support the growth and development of their children.
Staff enjoys enthusiastic support of parents and administration.
Staff ensure that money is available for all of their custodial accounts.
Staff ensure that the campers' time is safe, fun, and full of adventure.
Staff ensures all contract provisions are consistent with existing laws, rules, and regulations.
Staff ensures the Town's compliance with all federal, state, and local laws and regulations.
Staff equates to services.
Staff estimates that about half derive from, or are likely to derive from, the Source.
Staff estimates that there is one tire ever year for every person, thus population equals tires.
Staff evaluate radon concentrations in Mississippi schools and governmental structures.
Staff evaluate the severity and urgency of the problem.
Staff evaluates school improvement process.
Staff examine the materials used to build and the stability of the reef.
Staff expect additions on the time scale of a small number of months.
Staff expect high levels of verbal, written, numerical, and graphical skills.
Staff expects one additional siren location to be returned to service in the near future.
Staff expects significant growth per year as more arrearage cases are identified.
Staff expects their presence and active involvement during the procedure.
Staff expects to participate in the final inspection of the site preparation work within the week.
Staff expects to see more changes before final settlement.
Staff explain, present a candle to the grumbler, and the door closes again.
Staff explains benefits, processes changes, and secures assistance from brokers and carriers.
Staff explains their roles . . .
Staff facilitates morning devotions, evening gatherings, and other activities.
Staff facilitates the work of the committee.
Staff feel confident in the decisions they make.
Staff feel overwhelmed.
Staff feel supported to take classes, finish degrees and advance technologically.
Staff feel they have some support during the change.
Staff feels confident in the decisions they make.
Staff feels it is important to get someone who knows the system and legislative issues.
Staff feels programmatic problems are undefined.
Staff feels that findings can be made in favor of the proposal.
Staff feels that reasonable use of the property has been made with the construction of the motel.
Staff feels that the intent of the ordinance for a home occupation is a secondary use.
Staff feels that the proposal is logical and somewhat modest.
Staff feels that the proposal presents an architectural style that is coherent and consistent.
Staff feels that the proposed residence is unobtrusive, well designed and detailed.
Staff feels that the proposed residence is well designed and detailed.
Staff feels the tie-in is with the materials being primarily neutral tones.
Staff find it easy to apply.
Staff find it enlivens the wards and lifts their spirits.
Staff find it hard to take time off to attend courses.
Staff Find out who's who in our staff directory.
Staff first makes a survey by using a dipper along the edges of the water.
Staff follow protocols.
Staff follow strict quality and safety controls in regard to every prescription filled.
Staff follow the procedures described herein.
Staff foster a professional yet nurturing environment between themselves and the students.
Staff freezes mean many jobs filled in a temporary capacity.
Staff fully endorse the designation.
Staff fully understand issues surrounding restraint.
Staff fully understands and responds to student needs.
Staff further estimates that the capital costs associated with the industry interviews are minimal.
Staff generally can provide basic instruction.
Staff generally makes two mail and three phone attempts to contact patients.
Staff generally speak English and they usually have information on accommodation.
Staff get a chance to work with kids and meet wonderful people from all over the world.
Staff get half a day off each month with full pay to take part in a local social project.
Staff get high marks for service.
Staff Get information on issues affecting children and youth in Greater Kansas City.
Staff get points that build to different sorts of awards.
Staff Get staff contact information.
Staff get time-off each week away from camp for rest and relaxation.
Staff Get to know the people working in the laboratory, from researchers to technicians.
Staff gets to the real stuff in their spare time.
Staff give advice on courses, subject choices and careers.
Staff give clear instructions, and very good questioning encourages children to think and predict.
Staff give lectures and seminars for university courses at the graduate and postgraduate level.
Staff give presentations to students.
Staff give tests.
Staff gives protective oversight but promotes independence.
Staff gives up the long ball.
Staff gladly accept suggestions for additions to the collection.
Staff go to a lot of trouble finding suitable tertiary courses for students.
Staff go to the consumers to find out what is going on.
Staff goes through another process.
Staff grows in ability to work with different people and situations.
Staff guides students to begoming self-reliant, responsible, etc.
Staff handle engineering and dam safety aspects.
Staff handle materials only once, resulting in smoother processing and increased productivity.
Staff handle questions received electronically.
Staff handles international space issues and multilateral science and advanced technology questions.
Staff has a first hand knowledge of terrain, roadways and locations.
Staff has a good benefits package.
Staff has a new handbook.
Staff has a Ph.D. in computer science and has published papers on database technology.
Staff has a plan to facilitate it in the very near future.
Staff has a proven record of getting a diverse groups of young people to work together.
Staff has a shared role with management in issues of budget, staffing, and working conditions.
Staff has access to an extensive range of online databases.
Staff has been very friendly, office seems to run well.
Staff has considerable objection to the proposed amendment.
Staff has experience with remote data entry.
Staff has extensive experience with court procedures.
Staff has good technical and communications skills.
Staff has high expectations for all students and a shared vision of good teaching.
Staff has interactive relationship with consumers.
Staff has little idea of departmental goals and objectives and little direction.
Staff has little sense of whether they are doing what they ought to be doing.
Staff has little understanding of their place in the library system.
Staff has many uses for technology in the teaching and learning process.
Staff has no control over who is going to walk in the door with a project on a particular day.
Staff has no objection to the amendment request.
Staff has no objection to the proposed amendment.
Staff has no objections to the request.
Staff has no opinion thereon.
Staff has no problem with the variance.
Staff has numerous questions and concerns about their rate proposal.
Staff has one PC set-up in the teacher's lounge.
Staff has opportunities for professional development.
Staff has opportunities for technology training.
Staff has opportunities to pilot health and science programs.
Staff has opportunity to participate in weekly support groups, which are held on each unit.
Staff has preliminary data and is researching collection and analytical methods.
Staff has sufficient training and skill level to produce the program.
Staff has the ability to access security holdings information through online real-time queries.
Staff has the duty to inform management if they see an impediment to producing quality work.
Staff has the option to request additional notification.
Staff has the resources and support to meet the needs of each child.
Staff has the results of that study and recommendations for implementation.
Staff has the right to restrict visitors or request they leave.
Staff has the right to suspend privileges if patrons are accessing an inappropriate site.
Staff has time to collaborate to improve instruction and meet shared challenges.
Staff has to abide by confidentiality laws.
Staff has to have a good knowledge about the subject and addition of technology in the real world.
Staff has to have faith in their board as much as a board has to have faith in the staff.
Staff has to look at the best ways to utilize funds to provide the best services to the state.
Staff has to work overtime and do the work of prisoners.
Staff have a choice of two rates.
Staff have a clear understanding of activities required for each product and each day.
Staff have a committment to continue their practice as both artists and art historians.
Staff have a daily meeting where their work is discussed and monitored by a senior member of staff.
Staff have a duty to report if they know that an inmate has been abused.
Staff have a lot of questions about the new system.
Staff have a responsibility to respond to complaints within a reasonable timeframe.
Staff have a say in matters regarding budget and organizational decisions.
Staff have a say in matters regarding institutional governance.
Staff have a separate listing.
Staff have a track record of helping to push proposals through.
Staff have a wide range of theoretical and clinical interests in the field of human communication.
Staff have access to an internal intranet .
Staff have access to appropriate equipment.written materials for early identification.
Staff have access to first aid equipment and medicine.
Staff have access to material held in other libraries through inter-library loans.
Staff have access to networked personal computers in their offices.
Staff have access to team planning centers in each of the community areas.
Staff have access to the home numbers of most of the experts listed.
Staff have access to welfare services and trade union membership.
Staff have an ultimate goal of returning as many residents to the community as possible.
Staff have books.
Staff have broad backgrounds in the field of disabilities.
Staff have concerns about the nature of the proposed services.
Staff have considerable expertise in the global arena and in dealing with cross-cultural issues.
Staff have contact.
Staff have continuous access to the office via phones in classrooms and portable radios.
Staff have continuous access to the office via phones in every classroom.
Staff have degrees or are pursuing degrees in science, education, or related fields.
Staff have different levels of experience and understanding of their role.
Staff have different needs and capacities in relation to training.
Staff have direct access by telephone for an appointment.
Staff have discretion to suspend or withhold Listening privileges for inappropriate behaviour.
Staff have dual operational and developmental roles.
Staff have Early Childhood Education Certification.
Staff have empathy for adults who experience major stress and have obsessional behaviours.
Staff have equipment.
Staff have excellent relationships with children and they are very sensitive in their approach.
Staff have experience.
Staff have expertise across a wide range of business-related disciplines and functional areas.
Staff have expertise at creating HTML pages.
Staff have expertise in a wide variety of topics.
Staff have extensive experience in computer modeling and energy use simulation in building design.
Staff have extensive knowledge of the clients and their communities.
Staff have extensive professional experience and have published numerous articles about theater.
Staff have extensive South Pacific experience.
Staff have faces.
Staff have faith in their future and that of their leaders and their organization.
Staff have freedom to express their ideas and get recognized for their efforts.
Staff have frequent contact.
Staff have full control of their own personal desktop.
Staff have general information on programs and services at the college.
Staff have good knowledge.
Staff have good product knowledge.
Staff have hearts.
Staff have high expectations for student success.
Staff have high expectations of student achievement and students are generally achieving well.
Staff have high levels of expertise in terms of professional and teaching skills.
Staff have in-depth knowledge, skills and experience in each particular industry.
Staff have information on all products used, in the event that a concern arises about air quality.
Staff have interaction.
Staff have internal mechanisms available to pursue a formal complaint resolution.
Staff have keys too.
Staff have knowledge.
Staff have less paper to manage and more time for strategic activities.
Staff have less time to do outreach when they are trapped inside library buildings.
Staff have more incentive to communicate within their silo than with people in other units.
Staff have more meetings in their own time.
Staff have most weekends off.
Staff have necessary equipment.
Staff have no recollection of receiving a referral.
Staff have nothing to fear.
Staff have one month to write a first draft for review and comments by the assessor.
Staff have one month to write a first draft for review and schedule the first of a series of drills.
Staff have one week to forward any comments back to the year co-ordinator.
Staff have opportunities to develop and apply knowledge and skills in the work place.
Staff have opportunities to meet and work with people from throughout the world.
Staff have partial days and full days off during the summer.
Staff have particular expertise in the culture of tropical species.
Staff have personal targets and take responsibility for how their performance affects the whole.
Staff have priority access to at least one photocopier on most campuses.
Staff have regular access to phones, internet, email and other links to home, family and friends.
Staff have responsibility.
Staff have rough times as well as smooth.
Staff have several other training options depending on the nature of the computer skills they seek.
Staff have skills.
Staff have some procedures in place to verify the reliability of interim information.
Staff have special containers in which certain types of used paper are deposited.
Staff have strong backgrounds in instructional design.
Staff have strong interaction.
Staff have studies and other friends too.
Staff have the authority to remove from experimental use any unhealthy animal.
Staff have the opportunity to be involved in various unit projects and committees.
Staff have the opportunity to interact with participants on many levels.
Staff have the opportunity to join a non-contributory superannuation scheme.
Staff have the opportunity to study for externally recognised qualifications such as NVQs and MCPs.
Staff have the option however of 'buying back' any books at the original purchase price.
Staff have the right to expect that . . .
Staff have the right to revoke climbing privileges if climbers use poor judgment.
Staff have their own union, as do librarians.
Staff have three days to send changes back to the recorder.
Staff have time to plan their cooperative lessons.
Staff have to bear the cost of any additional dental treatment.
Staff have to physically check.
Staff have to put in a lot of extra hours to make shared decision making work.
Staff have to re-compete for the new job positions.
Staff have to scurry to find alternate means.
Staff have to use location numbers at all times.
Staff have tools.
Staff have training in child development and early education specific to the toddler age group.
Staff have two days off each week.
Staff have varied research interests in the area of insect taxonomy, physiology and behaviour.
Staff have various expertise and many ideas which can help teams.
Staff have various models of what is important in their teaching.
Staff have wide discretion to waive the application fee.
Staff have year experience.
Staff help children feel good about themselves, their activites and other people.
Staff help goals.
Staff help initiate literature searches and assist with electronic resources.
Staff help participants obtain needed care, apply for disability benefits, and access peer support.
Staff help secure funding for and conduct research on issues relating to state election laws.
Staff help students obtain retail and direct marketing internships.
Staff help students to develop superior study skills.
Staff help students to stay in and complete school.
Staff helps gymnasts build self-esteem, confidence and skills.
Staff helps seniors find volunteer work that is rewarding and suits their own schedule and needs.
Staff helps the family deal with the fears and uncertainties concerning a child with seizures.
Staff helps train volunteers in their responsibilities.
Staff helps with activities and services as requested or as indicated by each individual situation.
Staff here are eager to renovate the museum and to preserve their monuments.
Staff here are invariably extremely helpful, and the security is strict although unobtrusive.
Staff here seem to be quite expert in relocating and are taking it all very calmly.
Staff hold daily therapeutic groups.
Staff hold high expectations for students.
Staff hold high expectations for themselves and students.
Staff holds meetings with property owners along railroad to review partnership agreement.
Staff hopes to being inputting patron records when the software is installed.
Staff hopes to have the database available via the Internet by the end of the year.
Staff hopes to reschedule in the summer or next fall.
Staff identify and state the problems and their root causes, as well as appropriate solutions.
Staff identify community leaders, then work with villagers to meet community goals.
Staff identify 'top up' skill training needs.
Staff include directors.
Staff include individuals.
Staff include part time individuals.
Staff includes a certified early childhood teacher.
Staff includes a clinical social worker, addictions specialist, and massage therapist.
Staff includes a coordinator and a school representative.
Staff includes a dentist and dental assistant.
Staff includes a full time assistant and a department secretary.
Staff includes a list of staff, their e-mail addresses, and areas of responsibility.
Staff includes a nurse, school psychologists, counselors.
Staff includes a psychiatrist, a psychologist and master level therapists.
Staff includes a registered dietitian and registered nurse, both certified diabetes educators.
Staff includes a therapist trained in counselling teens.
Staff includes administration and research coordinators.
Staff includes an avian veterinarian.
Staff includes an executive director, education director, and office manager.
Staff includes an instructional specialist, a behavioural specialist, and outreach workers.
Staff includes biologists, mathematicians, biological and physical oceanographers and economists.
Staff includes both hearing and hearing impaired specialists in many areas.
Staff includes child pyschiatry and psychology faculty.
Staff includes clergy, religious laity, ministers of care and pastoral visitors.
Staff includes college coaches and players from around the country.
Staff includes complete medical team.
Staff includes cook, maid, and grounds keeper.
Staff includes daily maid, gardener and night watchman.
Staff includes experienced instructors from area universities and dance academies.
Staff includes experts in concrete, structural framing, and fine woodwork.
Staff Includes fees for legal services and costs associated with litigitation.
Staff includes former college and premier players.
Staff includes four proctors, who reside within the building, and two day staff members.
Staff includes health care professionals who specialize in cardiac and cardiovascular care.
Staff includes inside and outside claims adjusters.
Staff includes managers and supervisors at all levels.
Staff includes monthly and biweekly paid staff.
Staff includes national team coach and swimmers.
Staff includes nine active podiatrists and one foot and ankle orthopedist.
Staff includes one floor layer, one assistant and two students.
Staff includes optometrist and opticians.
Staff includes physical therapist, trainers and dietician.
Staff includes professional technical director and front of house personnel.
Staff includes professionals from colleges and universities in the north east.
Staff includes professionals from the areas of psychiatry, psychology and social work.
Staff includes professionals, student peer tutors, and campus volunteers.
Staff includes programmers, systems analysts, and database personnel.
Staff includes psychiatrists, psychologists, psychiatric nurses and social workers.
Staff includes psychologists, psychiatrists, marriage and family counselors, and other consultants.
Staff includes radiation and medical oncologists, a full-time physicist, and allied support staff.
Staff includes registered nurses during all open hours and a part-time physician.
Staff includes several fleet management consultants.
Staff includes teaching assistants and specialized consultants.
Staff includes technicians, designers, artists and experienced in fabricating sets and scenery.
Staff includes ten researchers and an administrator of grants.
Staff includes the director, an archivist, contractual employees, students, and volunteers.
Staff includes the same professionals as listed above.
Staff includes trained special education teachers, classroom assistants, therapists and volunteers.
Staff includes two media specialists and five assistants.
Staff includes two paid employees and many volunteers.
Staff includes two primary care physicians and four medical personnel.
Staff includes two psychologists, two social workers and two master's level therapists.
Staff includes well-known instructors from across Southern California.
Staff includes working directors, actors and writers in the field of theater.
Staff increasingly have multiple responsibilities and job titles.
Staff indicate to RSCs if more staffing is needed for respite clients.
Staff individualizes expectations and strategies to meet the needs of all learners.
Staff inform applicants of the results of the review.
Staff informs applicants of the results of the review.
Staff informs parents of reoccurring aggression.
Staff informs the applicants of the results of the review.
Staff initiates change in agency's mission statement to emphasize elder choice.
Staff inspects backflow devices, water heaters, new and remodeled plumbing installations.
Staff instructs participants in sand castle building techniques.
Staff intends to develop a report to review the options.
Staff intends to seek party status to the hearing.
Staff interact well with the children, encouraging the children's independence and initiative.
Staff introduce a variety of enriching activities and lifelong values to school-age youths.
Staff investigate and follow up non-payment, and instigate necessary court action.
Staff investigate citizens' drainage concerns and perform regular inspections of open waterways.
Staff investigate complaints related to licensed child care facilities and providers.
Staff investigate potential of implementing a collegiate level membership.
Staff investigates cause and origin of fires that occur in unincorporated areas of the county.
Staff invite significant gifts to the church through special and planned gifts and wills.
Staff involved are a blend of our teaching staff and outside resource personnel.
Staff involved in the development and delivery of programs are highly skilled and well trained.
Staff is a big problem.
Staff is a bit stuck up.
Staff is a personnel
Staff is a pole a flag hangs on.
Staff is able to assist in arranging group accommodations.
Staff is able to donate sick leave days to an employee who has run out of their own.
Staff is able to order studies, retrieve reports and view images from the Nursing Stations.
Staff is able to travel to any location.
Staff is absent from the gym floor.
Staff is almost completely new consisting of seven professionals, one clerk and seven student aids.
Staff is also available for dental education presentations at schools and community groups.
Staff is also available for education and training and has published on the techniques used here.
Staff is also available for guided tours and library instruction.
Staff is also available for home visits.
Staff is also available to assist in resume preparation.
Staff is also available to explain and assist in further researching a specific committee.
Staff is also available to help students set up e-mail accounts and answer questions.
Staff is also available to provide assistance to local unions with contract negotiations.
Staff is also available to provide on-site assistance.
Staff is also available to respond to questions on policy and process.
Staff is also available to train students to become peer mediators.
Staff is also concerned with the architectural intent.
Staff is also friendly, reads all the messages and sometimes very funny.
Staff is also interested in creating more global theme programs.
Staff is also multilingual.
Staff is also responsible for all personal computer hardware and related software applications.
Staff is also responsible for prisoner transportation, extradition, court security.
Staff is also responsible for providing technical assistance to contracted SECs.
Staff is also responsible for taking notes in order to establish a record of the process.
Staff is also to consider capacity of the culvert under Camden.
Staff is always available for further consultations.
Staff is always available for questions and consultations.
Staff is always available for resident needs.
Staff is always available to answer questions and address issues of interest and concern.
Staff is always available to answer questions.
Staff is always available to meet or discuss the different community standards and processes.
Staff is always available, on or off the court, to help campers improve their skills.
Staff is always available, on or off the field, to help campers improve their skills.
Staff is always friendly.
Staff is always great and can always count on an excellent meal.
Staff is always helpful and courteous.
Staff is always kindly available .
Staff is always on hand to answer questions and provide guidance as needed.
Staff is always onsite for kennel operations.
Staff is always polite and efficient.
Staff is always there to help.
Staff is always willing to listen and consider new ideas.
Staff is always willing to work with the public though.
Staff is an alphabetical listing of our employees, their titles, and contact information.
Staff is an important link to a busy elected official.
Staff is as cool and sophisticated as the clientele.
Staff is as helpful as time allows.
Staff is asked for buy-in to be part of the solution, and given a chance to say yes or no.
Staff is asked to participate in cost sharing for individual, two-party or family coverage.
Staff is assigned according to operational needs.
Staff is assigned to off-site job coaching in response to worker and employer needs.
Staff is assisted by volunteers who perform inventory and cataloguing tasks.
Staff is at the site on a regularly scheduled basis including evenings and weekends.
Staff is attentive without being bothersome.
Staff is authorized to take immediate action to protect the security of computers and the network.
Staff is available and responsive to children.
Staff is available around the clock to meet scheduled and unscheduled needs.
Staff is available as guest speakers to participate in conferences and workshops.
Staff is available during hours listed below.
Staff is available during hours of operation, so feel free to ask for help.
Staff is available during office hours to help with projects.
Staff is available for additional assistance in establishing or expanding recycling programs.
Staff is available for assistance and gear pass up.
Staff is available for assistance.
Staff is available for consultation and assistance by appointment.
Staff is available for consultation on funding sources.
Staff is available for consultation regarding disability issues in post-secondary education.
Staff is available for counsel and support on finding an agency or team.
Staff is available for currently scheduled programs.
Staff is available for day to day support.
Staff is available for educational presentations to schools and community groups.
Staff is available for emergencies.
Staff is available for evening meetings.
Staff is available for help.
Staff is available for in-home or hospital assessments.
Staff is available for on-going administrative assistance.
Staff is available for our members to contact .
Staff is available for personalized information and resources assistance.
Staff is available for presentations about the program.
Staff is available for student consultations on an individual or group basis.
Staff is available for supportive counseling and referral for more intense services.
Staff is available for the routine digitizing of images.
Staff is available if additional information is needed.
Staff is available on each floor to help.
Staff is available on walk-in basis.
Staff is available to address public groups concerning section activities or on-site systems.
Staff is available to advise and assist students with financial questions.
Staff is available to answer any questions or concerns about said report.
Staff is available to answer any questions or provide additional information.
Staff is available to answer questions and assist in completion of the application.
Staff is available to answer questions and help with copying procedures.
Staff is available to answer questions and to provide translation.
Staff is available to answer questions or provide general assistance.
Staff is available to answer questions regarding the development of grant proposals.
Staff is available to answer questions, identify community needs and screen grant requests.
Staff is available to answer questions, to help fill out returns, and to conduct tax education.
Staff is available to answer questions.
Staff is available to answer quick questions.
Staff is available to assist and instruct patrons on effective Internet use.
Staff is available to assist anyone with special needs.
Staff is available to assist children with their schoolwork.
Staff is available to assist family members.
Staff is available to assist individuals as needed.
Staff is available to assist parents and children in locating library material.
Staff is available to assist patrons with the retrieval of reels and the use of the equipment.
Staff is available to assist researches in obtaining access to the collections.
Staff is available to assist teachers and entire schools in creating thematic units.
Staff is available to assist users in locating materials.
Staff is available to assist users in the use of the hardware and the software.
Staff is available to assist users in use of microforms.
Staff is available to assist with form, setting up a pro-gram, and schedules.
Staff is available to assist with last minute career search needs.
Staff is available to assist with questions and problems.
Staff is available to assist with registrations.
Staff is available to assist with the various computer programs.
Staff is available to assist, and hardware and software are available for loan.
Staff is available to assist.
Staff is available to attend school meetings or consult on specific planning issues.
Staff is available to compile further texts as required for future work.
Staff is available to coordinate with all related programs in the community.
Staff is available to do presentations for clubs, homeowner or civic associations and classrooms.
Staff is available to go on-site or to open the office for after hours collections if needed.
Staff is available to help patrons in the use of equipment and applications.
Staff is available to help potential employers with site location analysis and technical assistance.
Staff is available to help users access the Internet.
Staff is available to help with every nee.
Staff is available to help with questions or comments.
Staff is available to lecture on a range of topics to address each customer's unique needs.
Staff is available to look after and entertain younger ones at periods during the day.
Staff is available to make copies for patrons.
Staff is available to meet individual needs.
Staff is available to meet scheduled and unscheduled needs.
Staff is available to meet with parents and discuss their students academic progress.
Staff is available to meet with supervised institutions and others throughout the District.
Staff is available to offer assistance.
Staff is available to personally assist visitors.
Staff is available to provide access and reference assistance.
Staff is available to provide additional information.
Staff is available to provide advise on copy, printing and lettershop needs.
Staff is available to provide assistance even before coming to Houston.
Staff is available to provide assistance with the mechanics of doing searches.
Staff is available to provide presentation program.
Staff is available to respond to all research inquiries made in person, by telephone, or by mail.
Staff is available to send outgoing and distribute incoming documents during regular business hours.
Staff is available to speak to groups regarding services provided to the community.
Staff is available to students for confidential consultation and evaluation.
Staff is available to the judge to conduct additional interviews and to answer questions.
Staff is available to watch older children during the program.
Staff is available twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.
Staff is available via pager.
Staff is available whenever the unit is open to assist patrons and circulate materials.
Staff is awesome.
Staff is big pain.
Staff is bilingual.
Staff is bodies.
Staff is both volunteer and paid.
Staff is building materials.
Staff is busy in checking the final preparation.
Staff is by far the best.
Staff is cautioned to leave in school what they hear in school.
Staff is certificated, trained, registered and bonded.
Staff is challenged to produce exciting and professional looking publications for their classmates.
Staff is cognizant of a general common sense plan to open the lab after the spring semester.
Staff is comfortable with the modifications.
Staff is committed and very focused.
Staff is committed to continual professional growth in order to improve the instructional program.
Staff is committed to providing an excellent academic program within culturally relevant curriculum.
Staff is committed to quality solutions.
Staff is competent and their morale is high.
Staff is composed of professionals trained in early childhood education.
Staff is composed of students representing all teams.
Staff is comprised of former high school and college players.
Staff is comprised of two operations facilitators and fifty operators.
Staff is confident that the truck can be repaired in the amount of the adjuster s estimate.
Staff is courteous and friendly.
Staff is cross-trained for both restaurants.
Staff is cross-trained to ensure optimum effectiveness in meeting internal and external needs.
Staff is currently in the process of reviewing and making recommendations on the applications.
Staff is defined as benefits eligible classified employees.
Staff is directed to conduct a survey of competition for local exchange services.
Staff is directed to try to use the interest on the same program that generated it.
Staff is distracted for hours by smells from food service next door.
Staff is drawn from the community the program serves.
Staff is educated in assisting with treatment planning for patients with physical limitations.
Staff is educated to save natural resources by means of stickers beside light switches and taps.
Staff is encouraged to become involved in community events, activities and organizations.
Staff is encouraged to offer their ideas and suggestions.
Staff is encouraged to shut down computers in the evening.
Staff is encouraged to work hard and laugh often.
Staff is engaged in understanding the instructional implications of the data.
Staff is enthusiastic and innovative in approches to provide quality care for veterans.
Staff is everywhere very friendly and helpful.
Staff is excellent.
Staff is exceptional, knowledgeable, especially friendly and helpful.
Staff is exceptionally gifted and teach activities at very advanced levels.
Staff is excited, and morale is high.
Staff is exempt.
Staff is expensive to retain, train, and lose.
Staff is experienced and friendly.
Staff is experienced in independent housing, assisted living, skilled nursing and long-term care.
Staff is experienced, qualified, and sufficient to carry out their tasks.
Staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.
Staff is flexible enough to change planned or routine activities.
Staff is fluent in most foreign languages .
Staff is fluent in most languages.
Staff is fluent in Spanish, French, Portugese, German and Dutch.
Staff is focused on providing the best service available in the most cost efficient manner.
Staff is forces.
Staff is freed from making manual reminder calls, which often takes a low priority in busy offices.
Staff is freed to do more sophisticated graphic or mapping work requiring their special expertise.
Staff is friendly and competent and course infrastructure fair.
Staff is friendly and full of information and advice, and their service is reliable and fast.
Staff is friendly and helpful and almost invisible.
Staff is friendly and helpful.
Staff is friendly and the seafood meals are fantastic.
Staff is friendly and they have a good restaurant.
Staff is friendly and welcome questions and discussions.
Staff is friendly, helpful and very attentive.
Staff is friendly.
Staff is frustrated by a lack of updated information on changes in rules.
Staff is given a certain amount of money for retraining and ongoing learning.
Staff is given several extra minutes beyond industry standard to clean rooms.
Staff is given the opportunity to pursue accredited courses completely funded by the company.
Staff is given the opportunity to rotate services every two months.
Staff is good about following up with possible students when there is a class vacancy.
Staff is good, interactive.
Staff is good.
Staff is great, building is secure and unusually quiet for such an old building.
Staff is great.
Staff is happy to answer questions about our collections and services.
Staff is happy to assist.
Staff is happy to help patrons locate microfilm.
Staff is happy to help patrons with vital records research.
Staff is happy to provide a very brief introduction as time permits.
Staff is helpful and always prompt.
Staff is helpful on the phone and willing to put solutions in writing.
Staff is highly cognizant of the use of technology.
Staff is highly qualified and wonderfully adept.
Staff is highly trained and effecient.
Staff is highly trained and gives each child's education as their top priority.
Staff is hired and ready to go.
Staff is hired as needed to complete the projects.
Staff is housed in private rooms, usually with a shared bath.
Staff is housed in three locations.
Staff is housed with host families during the program week.
Staff is immediately and locally available to answer members' questions and address their concerns.
Staff is important to learning process.
Staff is in discussion with the committee on mapping accessible bus stops.
Staff is in place handle increased sales by sales orientated owner operator.
Staff is in place throughout the department to assist with Internet access or electronic publishing.
Staff is in the office on election day while the polls are open to answer voters' questions.
Staff is in the process of determining how best to set up replication of the database directories.
Staff is in the process of evaluating scenarios.
Staff is in the process of gathering information for a brochure.
Staff is in the process of identifying pilot projects for continuous improvement.
Staff is in the process of reevaluating the lighting bid.
Staff is in the process of resolving teacher by teacher questions with contact people.
Staff is in the process of scanning the rest of the attachments and appendixes.
Staff is informed about the plan and processes for conversion to performance based compensation.
Staff is informed through in-house memos or bulletins and regularly published newsletters.
Staff is instructed to allow access to authorized persons only.
Staff is invited to any and all of the meetings.
Staff is invited to participate as needed.
Staff is involved and empowered to create the future.
Staff is involved in a wide range of activities during the planning of various projects.
Staff is involved in professional development.
Staff is involved in the planning of any new solid waste facilities in the community.
Staff is kind to all children.
Staff is knowledgeable of the community wide social services network.
Staff is knowledgeable.
Staff is licensed.
Staff is locally available to answer members' questions and address their concerns.
Staff is made up of people with and without disabilities.
Staff is made up of trained instructors and volunteer assistants.
Staff is multilangual.
Staff is multilingual.
Staff is musical notation.
Staff is nasty, incompetent, unprofessional and has a poor attitude.
Staff is necessary for sustaining neighborhood efforts and enthusiasm.
Staff is needed as crucial liaisons between students, community, alumni, and faculty.
Staff is needed to help develop new programs, services, and funding sources.
Staff is needed to maintain, continuously update and improve our web pages.
Staff is no t regularly checking customers to see if they have previously sought help.
Staff is now in contract negotiations with both firms.
Staff is now in the process of obtaining final site plan approvals to develop the site.
Staff is now ready to recommend the award of a consultant agreement.
Staff is offered professional development opportunities on system alignment and quality tools.
Staff is older and a little cold to non regulars.
Staff is older and experienced normally.
Staff is on call after hours to respond to any unexpected situations.
Staff is on call to answer questions regarding graphic arts on the Web.
Staff is on duty to provide urgent care during clinic hours.
Staff is on duty to provide urgent care during office hours.
Staff is on duty.
Staff is on hand to assist with canoe instruction and safety.
Staff is on hand to enhance the tour.
Staff is on time everyday.
Staff is On-Call for any emergent studies that arise outside of routine hours.
Staff is open to ideas from commissioners.
Staff is organized into five directorates as described below.
Staff is our most important resource.
Staff is out for a hot chocolate break.
Staff is over committed now on other roles, responsibilities.
Staff is overworked and underpaid.
Staff is paid at the rate of private and public school teachers in our area.
Staff is paid based upon experience.
Staff is paid by cheque.
Staff is paid to help students only during the times listed below.
Staff is pleasant here, too. .
Staff is pleasant here, too.
Staff is prepared to answer any questions pertaining to elder services and programs.
Staff is prepared to process crime reports and bookings by hand.
Staff is present at night and other times when the consumer is present.
Staff is present each day and by appointment as needed.
Staff is primarily part-time, seasonal employees.
Staff is professional and a pleasure to work with.
Staff is professional and friendly.
Staff is provided for contract assignment, supplemental staffing or permanent placement.
Staff is provided to assist in the use of various software and data research.
Staff is provided with a detailed emergency and safety manual.
Staff is pulled from area middle schools, scout troops, youth groups.
Staff is quiet and considerate of guests.
Staff is readily available for consultation on all call cases.
Staff is readily available to answer questions and provide assistance with the admissions process.
Staff is ready take down the nets.
Staff is ready to provide advice.
Staff is ready to treat illnesses, medical conditions, disease, or injury.
Staff is recruited from Japan, France, Germany, Italy, Israel, the U.S. and many other nations.
Staff is refreshingly sweet, pleasant and willing to serve.
Staff is relieved of administrative burden.
Staff is represented on several committees for hiring new positions.
Staff is requested and car pooling is encouraged.
Staff is required for the bar, the restaurant and the kitchen.
Staff is required to return all phone calls, letters, faxes and e-mails on a same day basis.
Staff is responsible for artwork, photography, editing, sales, and marketing of the yearbook.
Staff is responsible for developing and ensuring educational standards and mandates.
Staff is responsible for evaluating site safety prior to job-site involvement.
Staff is responsible for implementing the different development programs.
Staff is responsible for maintenance of appropriate ambient sound and lighting in the facility.
Staff is responsible for moving glass shelving.
Staff is responsible for providing individual guidance counseling services to the students.
Staff is scheduled in a manner that delivers maximum cost and productivity and efficiency levels.
Staff is selected based on skill, devotion to children, maturity, and Christian character.
Staff is skilled in responding to media inquiries which occur daily.
Staff is slow, from the hostess, to the wait staff, to the kitchen.
Staff is small relative to the number of victims served.
Staff is smaller, and there are more ways to cut costs and get grants.
Staff is sticks.
Staff is super nice and knowledgeable.
Staff is superfriendly and always helpful.
Staff is superior.
Staff is supplemented by consultants, volunteers and student interns.
Staff is supplemented by consultants, volunteers, and student interns.
Staff is supportive of the proposal and is examining potential funding sources.
Staff is supportive of the variance, including the three conditions as outlined in the report.
Staff is supposed to be part of inauguration procession.
Staff is surveyed on a regular basis regarding professional development.
Staff is surveyed to determine hardware needs in their classrooms.
Staff is symbols.
Staff is temporarily or permanently assigned to the project.
Staff is thankful that only a small amount of tree clean-up is needed.
Staff is the crime prevention sergeant who solves security problems.
Staff is the key to quality.
Staff is the key.
Staff is the largest cost of the budget.
Staff is the university librarian and the residential housekeeper.
Staff is then free to offer and promote the guide by all appropriate means.
Staff is then to prepare an initial draft report to be circulated to all members for comment.
Staff is there to help.
Staff is there to suggest items for specific needs.
Staff is to bring back recommendations with costs for work.
Staff is to carry out contact and follow-up with the licensee, once the licensee is located.
Staff is to consider the discussion when preparing the draft overlay zone ordinance.
Staff is to define the extent of the problem and make recommendations for a solution.
Staff is to follow-up on the survey letters, and warn of possible involuntary revocation.
Staff is to look at the scope of how many copies are needed.
Staff is to look in to the possibilities of hanging banners across Midland.
Staff is to respond with possible solutions.
Staff is to return with the funding plan and a listing of current and projected soundwall projects.
Staff is trained and identified burn areas are prepared when needed.
Staff is trained and supervised by a square German.
Staff is trained and supervised by laboratory director.
Staff is trained in new skills.
Staff is trained in procedures for responding to serious medication errors.
Staff is trained on the use of the Internet.
Staff is trained on the use of the projection unit.
Staff is trained to control insects and disease, and inspect and protect heritage trees.
Staff is trained to respect wild-life and hatching turtles are protected on the island.
Staff is trained to use the equipment, but it remains the student's personal property.
Staff is trained to work with older adults.
Staff is trained, monitored, and retrained for the specialized roles and tasks they perform.
Staff is unable to perform in-depth research for patrons.
Staff is unable to receive or acknowledge the entry.
Staff is unable to undertake research projects or compile bibliographies.
Staff is unaware of customers experiencing significant supply interruptions due to marketer failure.
Staff is unaware that the destination is out of the allowable mileage range.
Staff is unfavorable.
Staff is unwilling to be one of the first organizations involving volunteers virtually.
Staff is upgraded with more advanced degree requirements.
Staff is used to reading documentation on paper.
Staff is verbally abusive and clinic policy often changes without patient notification.
Staff is very attentive and pleasant.
Staff is very close to being finished with the comments.
Staff is very friendly and accomadating.
Staff is very friendly and accomodating.
Staff is very friendly and clear in their communication.
Staff is very friendly and cooperative.
Staff is very friendly and the rooms are big and fancy.
Staff is very friendly, and membership is free.
Staff is very friendly.
Staff is very helpful and friendly.
Staff is very helpful and knowledgeable about the wine region.
Staff is very helpful even though a little shy at first.
Staff is very helpful, too.
Staff is very helpful.
Staff is very in that department is thin.
Staff is very knowledgeable.
Staff is very professional and friendly.
Staff is warm, mature and experienced.
Staff is well informed about services and assistance vital to the student's academic success.
Staff is well-trained and committed to helping the patient return to work as soon as possible.
Staff is willing to consider alternative standards for adjusting the seasonal fuel factors.
Staff is willing to spread the blame around.
Staff is willing to work with some flexibility.
Staff is wonderful.
Staff isa organization.
Staff join on a rotating basis.
Staff just help set goals and provide guidance on methods and schedules.
Staff keep anonymous records of telephone calls and the guests they receive.
Staff keep in touch with consumers to make sure their needs are being met.
Staff keeps interest in improving their work.
Staff knocks on residents' doors and asks permission to enter.
Staff know details of what's happening.
Staff know that many stored files are never retrieved.
Staff know the procedures for child protection and first-aid is provided promptly and sensitively.
Staff know their options and who to talk to.
Staff know their stuff though and it's a good place for tracking down obscure and very old games.
Staff know to ensure the spirit measure is refilled properly before the next measure is taken.
Staff know where the children are, and what they are doing.
Staff knows how to help.
Staff knows the department and organization goals.
Staff knows their stuff, it has great prices, and it's a safe place to go.
Staff knows what it sells, too.
Staff lead a programme of walks and talks throughout the year.
Staff lead introductory computer demonstrations and develop special programs for children and teens.
Staff lead various activities such as music programs and support groups.
Staff learn about teaching from evaluating and reflecting on student learning.
Staff learn and grow as much, sometimes more than the guests.
Staff Learn the steps of importing, manipulating, and using digital pictures within a document.
Staff learn to setup a block of students and a block of courses and merge the two blocks.
Staff learn to visualize, organize, and communicate their thoughts.
Staff learn what principals value by observing what they pay attention to.
Staff lectures on authors in various fields of history.
Staff Let's begin with a definition.
Staff listed below are all too shy.
Staff listed below are our prime guides.
Staff listen patiently to each and every explanation.
Staff listen to volunteers' ideas and respect each volunteer as a person.
Staff lists the full and part-time employees who lead and serve our church and community.
Staff lists with some profile pages, short list of Coastal links.
Staff live at the home and create a family environment.
Staff live full time with the summer participants.
Staff live in a separate unit in the same location.
Staff lives on premises, providing daily maid service.
Staff looks at each permit to review the method of cutting.
Staff looks for any identification, tags, licenses or microchips.
Staff loses productivity trying to research, diagnose and utilize applications and hardware.
Staff maintain a balance of indoor and outdoor play, quiet and active play.
Staff maintain an on-call system to respond to emergencies after hours.
Staff maintain close working links with management.
Staff maintain paper files because of the inadequacies of the system.
Staff maintain the computer security system and develop procedures for system access.
Staff maintain the gate count to determine how many patrons enter the library during the day.
Staff maintain their own pages.
Staff maintains a current library of health related statistics, regulations and laws.
Staff maintains an economic development web site.
Staff maintains an ongoing site clean up and improvement program.
Staff make all necessary meeting arrangements.
Staff make any necessary calls to the campus police.
Staff make daily curfew and school checks and conduct group activities three times a week.
Staff make decisions.
Staff make every effort to respond to loan requests promptly.
Staff make regular home visits to assess the quality of care and suggest improvements.
Staff make the copies for patrons.
Staff make the villa fabulous.
Staff make use of a different server which can be accessed here .
Staff makes a positive, professional impression in answering the telephone.
Staff makes deliveries between the two library locations on a regular basis.
Staff makes presentations on AQMD programs at conferences and workshops as requested.
Staff makes recommendation to staffing team.
Staff makes referrals to appropriate office if they are unable to assist caller.
Staff manage volunteers as they gather data on the beach, and check the quality of the data on-site.
Staff managing volunteers also have needs and rights.
Staff manually perform the comparisons due to system compatibility problems.
Staff meet on a weekly basis to workshop situations needing special attention.
Staff meet regularly to discuss and plan the children's program.
Staff meet regularly to discuss, evaluate and plan individual and group needs.
Staff meet regularly to plan and evaluate the program.
Staff meet with individuals at least monthly to design a budget plan to address their needs.
Staff meet with residents in both individual and group settings.
Staff meet with the families and the individual to develop a plan that is person directed.
Staff meet with the retiree group once a year.
Staff meetings no longer include vital school issues, just test concerns.
Staff meets before school to initiate scheduling and deadlines.
Staff meets regularly to coordinate curriculum, plan projects and share resources.
Staff meets regularly to discuss project scheduling.
Staff meets regularly with residents and families to ensure fulfillment of the care plan.
Staff meets school buses and cars at the curb.
Staff meets to ensure the timetable is developed with the priority areas in mind.
Staff meets weekly and attends journalism conferences and a training retreat.
Staff meets weekly.
Staff meets with each woman to assess risk and devise safety plan.
Staff meets with prospective volunteer to . . .
Staff meets with the residents to establish placement of the requested signs.
Staff monitor all federal food safety programs.
Staff monitor progress.
Staff monitor youthful offenders to ensure they complete the mandated sentences.
Staff monitors compliance with the state's school immunization law.
Staff monitors contractors to ensure professional and conscientious service.
Staff monitors natural gas prices daily and the cost of natural gas is increasing to record levels.
Staff monitors oxygen saturation levels utilizing pulse oximeters.
Staff mourns loss of fellow worker.
Staff move globally, wanting access to corporate information wherever they go.
Staff need leaders.
Staff needs a break room.
Staff needs access to the plumbing chase to turn water off in emergency situations.
Staff needs assessment area of technology training has been done annually for the past three years.
Staff needs expert help.
Staff needs pastoral support when sharing bad news with patients and families.
Staff needs retraining and administrative support.
Staff needs their supervisor's signature.
Staff needs to be aware that participation at school is vital to a sick child's well-being.
Staff needs to be hired and distribution developed.
Staff needs to be involved in order to promote, implement and foster market acceptance of the euro.
Staff needs to be recognized as an absolute partner in achieving the mission.
Staff needs to be retrained.
Staff needs to be trained.
Staff needs to have a way to give input and insight on how to improve service.
Staff needs to have direction and priorities.
Staff needs to know who is planning to attend in order to make food arrangements.
Staff needs to make strong recommendations to secure diversion options.
Staff needs to make the decisions as to whether material can withstand photocopying.
Staff needs to recognise patients are at risk.
Staff needs to spend time walking through the building and assessing damages.
Staff needs to work with the public and to monitor the collection.
Staff never smile.
Staff never spend time moving through multiple levels of computer screens.
Staff notify instructors when they are eligible for promotion in rank.
Staff notify people by telephone when items are ready for pick-up at the requested branch.
Staff notify the facilities and our clients of their findings.
Staff now completes tasks in minutes that used to take hours.
Staff now expedites all qualified affordable housing projects.
Staff now function more effectively and students access care through one point of entry.
Staff now get reminders popping up on the screens of important calls or contracts to review.
Staff now has five years of historical data that have been submitted in standard formats.
Staff now keeps the electronic files in order to provide information to the public.
Staff observe and keep records of children's progress and development.
Staff observe and record each child's progress and development.
Staff observe posted office hours.
Staff obviously have the right to live their own lives while off duty.
Staff occasionally check that all users have a booking and are doing legitimate work.
Staff offer a variety of services to teachers and school librarians.
Staff offer an initial consultation to determine specific multimedia and Web development needs.
Staff offer educational presentations to youth in group homes, shelters, and detention centers.
Staff offer free assistance.
Staff offer intensive support and assistance.
Staff offer professional development opportunities in collection development and evaluation.
Staff offer quality.
Staff offer support to tertiary students with alternative print materials and equipment loan.
Staff offer workshops to other librarians, teachers and other adults working with teens.
Staff offers assistance in site selection, site development and other regulatory issues.
Staff organize around outcomes.
Staff organize regional activities for alumni.
Staff oversee all human resources activities such as payroll, labor relations, and benefits.
Staff oversees replacements of hydrants, sewer mains and sewer services.
Staff papers no.
Staff participate by bringing their own books, acting as role models for the children.
Staff participate frequently in public debates and mass media discussions.
Staff participate in a variety of professional activities within the industry.
Staff participate in delivery of training programs as their particular abilities are required.
Staff participate in ongoing quality improvement monitoring.
Staff participate in ongoing training in computer applications and operations.
Staff participate in professional development targeted to literacy and numeracy practices.
Staff participate in regular professional development sessions.
Staff participate in scientific activities such as seminars, discussions, and conferences.
Staff participate in their on-going professional development and evaluation.
Staff participate in various activities to meet the diverse needs of parents and cultures.
Staff participate in, and help organise, many international research conferences.
Staff participates in decisions that affect their work place.
Staff participates in open twice-weekly staff meetings and weekly functional group meetings.
Staff participates in the variety show, as well.
Staff participates to give guidance and direction to the meeting.
Staff pay attention.
Staff pay jointly more often than in the past.
Staff pay only a small portion of the monthly medical premium.
Staff pay special attention to the campers persona and social needs.
Staff pays for meals.
Staff perceive the quality of care in the home higher than residents.
Staff perform duties.
Staff perform more efficiently, and more consistently, when their childcare needs are met.
Staff perform such duties.
Staff perform the microinjections and transfer the embryos to pseudo-pregnant females.
Staff performs an intake process, contacts the parent and home school .
Staff performs diagnostic analyses of eligible firms to assess strengths and weaknesses.
Staff performs field sampling and analysis for storm water quality as well as pollution.
Staff performs limited computer searches for a fee.
Staff performs sampling and reporting, while laboratory analysis is contracted to a private lab.
Staff performs technical tasks only and users do all other work.
Staff photographs the property.
Staff pick their favorite books and give a summary.
Staff pick up the money each day.
Staff picks is a new feature at the Library.
Staff Picks Our two cents.
Staff place a hold on items for patrons who request missing book searches.
Staff places orders on palm-top computers.
Staff plan a variety of activities to create a community center atmosphere.
Staff plan the year ahead.
Staff plans group, school, church and community activities to build relationships.
Staff plans to maintain and share accurate data.
Staff plans to use fact sheets wherever possible.
Staff play a very important role in our relationship with students.
Staff play a vital role in making change happen.
Staff play an important role in helping children through transitions.
Staff plays a larger role in libraries of today by assuming more responsibility.
Staff prefer to be self-taught and to have easy guides for reference.
Staff prefer to receive forms that the applicants have completed themselves.
Staff prefers receiving the project budgets in local currency.
Staff prepare ample boiled water at morning and evening meals.
Staff prepare handout materials and web pages specially tailored for educational activities.
Staff prepare materials to be microfilmed according to the client s needs.
Staff prepare the shipment for the appropriate form of transport.
Staff prepare the survey sample kits for mailing.
Staff prepares a draft rule.
Staff prepares agendas and minutes of the meetings which are generally conducted twice a month.
Staff prepares annexation ordinance for adoption.
Staff prepares brief summaries, floor statements and recommendations on issues.
Staff prepares claims for benefits and provides follow-up action as required.
Staff prepares required legal notices concerning exemptions and tax roll.
Staff present their work plans for the year.
Staff presents main points of the application and staff review.
Staff pride themselves on a culture where teamwork is foremost in importance.
Staff produce information and save it to the portal drive.
Staff produce the annual report and various other informational pamphlets.
Staff produces photographic or graphic art for publication using digital techniques.
Staff produces videos of school events like homecoming, class plays and graduation.
Staff profiles Information about staff.
Staff profiles our research staff and associates.
Staff projects a tone of welcome in their voices and gestures.
Staff promote literacy activities at home which engage the entire family.
Staff promotes individual recovery responsibility.
Staff proposes amending OARs to require logbooks be completed for a fishing trip within one week.
Staff proposes an amendment that adopts a middle ground.
Staff proposes comprehensive amendments to the grievance and technical appeal procedures.
Staff proposes that the funding source be from the contingency reserve.
Staff proposes to protect a progressively smaller share of the base in each of the next three years.
Staff proposes to utilize the following engines in refuse truck application.
Staff provide a personable and welcoming environment for students to access services.
Staff provide a weekly pre-school storytime and scheduled tours for schools and clubs.
Staff provide a written analysis and offer specific suggestions for improvement for each sermon.
Staff provide acute and chronic dialysis as well as hemofiltration.
Staff provide an empowering and supportive environment for young women.
Staff provide assessment, psychological evaluations, and case management services.
Staff provide assistance to persons wanting to identify and learn about plants.
Staff provide assistance to the public, state and local officials, and professional organizations.
Staff provide assistance with employment readiness.
Staff provide assistance with enrollment and access to services for persons with disabilities.
Staff provide basic supervision.
Staff provide best possible care.
Staff provide both individual and group instruction in effective presentation skills.
Staff provide care.
Staff provide case management assistance and daily client contact.
Staff provide consultation and perform research activities through a contractual mechanism.
Staff provide continued support and skill building in the individuals new home.
Staff provide counseling, education and the promotion of healthy lifestyles.
Staff provide course design and delivery, admissions and registration, and advising services.
Staff provide crime prevention discussions or rape and self defense seminars.
Staff provide early intervention services in the child's home.
Staff provide education and support to teenagers who visit a family planning clinic.
Staff provide expert assistance on computer based literature searching.
Staff provide expertise.
Staff provide gender awareness training for villagers and local officials.
Staff provide guidance.
Staff provide guided nature walks and complimentary breakfast is served.
Staff provide hands on instruction and a variety of brochures are available as well.
Staff provide high quality information technology services.
Staff provide individual advocacy to assist people to access services.
Staff provide individual assistance with budgets .
Staff provide information about our services and start the process of determining eligibility.
Staff provide information and referrals to services in English and Spanish.
Staff provide information on key concepts and students identify their own learning goals.
Staff provide information, special assistance, support and referrals.
Staff provide information.
Staff provide in-service training to child care providers throughout the state.
Staff provide limited assistance as time and their own expertise permit.
Staff provide local educational programs and participate in community meetings.
Staff provide lots of affectionate physical and verbal contact.
Staff provide nurse care.
Staff provide on-site and regional support.
Staff provide or co-sponsor countless programs and develop materials on many issues.
Staff provide patient care for studies requiring specialized facilities.
Staff provide pre-release services in county jails and through correspondence.
Staff provide professional advice, assistance and information on any employee relations matter.
Staff provide quality information technology services.
Staff provide quality services.
Staff provide quality supervision and maintain collegial relations with interns.
Staff provide range of student support services.
Staff provide ready reference as well as bibliographic instruction.
Staff provide reference assistance and instruction.
Staff provide referrals to free or low-cost clinics nationwide.
Staff provide reunion seminars to submarines at last port.
Staff provide services in the home during weekly visits.
Staff provide services throughout the community from a centralized location in downtown Orlando.
Staff provide services.
Staff provide some support for academic classes taught in the Visualization Classroom.
Staff provide specialized program training intensives to field staff.
Staff provide support and information to businesses located or considering relocation into the zone.
Staff provide support and programming.
Staff provide support and technical assistance to three community events per year.
Staff provide support and training to families as well as working directly with the children.
Staff provide support in the individual's home.
Staff provide tailored curriculum materials and conduct teacher professional development.
Staff provide technical advice and assistance to provincial colleagues.
Staff provide technical assistance with educational programs, speakers and materials.
Staff provide the opportunity for structured as well as unstructured daily schedules.
Staff provide training and support to every person as they learn individualized vocation skills.
Staff provide training to local governmental officials and audit all programs.
Staff provide training to promote self-sufficiency and help residents find housing.
Staff provide treatment for a wide variety of diagnosis, pathologies and disabilities.
Staff provides advice and direct owners to relevant literature and appropriate products.
Staff provides any physical assistance as requested.
Staff provides assistance in filing cases and in collecting settlements.
Staff provides assistance to special study committees and commissions.
Staff provides assistance, as time and knowledge permit.
Staff provides case management in certifying and recertifying tenants.
Staff provides construction inspection of public works projects and subdivision developments.
Staff provides consultative services to health-care providers, reporters, and citizens upon request.
Staff provides counseling and advocacy with social agencies.
Staff provides counseling services and maintains files for all veterans.
Staff provides counseling, referrals, support, positive role modeling and career coaching.
Staff provides direction and assistance in helping each person reach noted outcomes.
Staff provides education for facility managers and their employees.
Staff provides e-mail feedback on daily electronic training program.
Staff provides expert reference and advisory service.
Staff provides fiscal management, personnel services, and managerial support.
Staff provides home visits if necessary.
Staff provides immediate response by phone.
Staff provides information and consults with the public on planning and zoning-related matters.
Staff provides information, directions and other assistance to travelers.
Staff provides input to issues, areas of interest for bus stops, statistics etc.
Staff provides in-service training to professionals who serve sexual assault victims.
Staff provides instruction for beginner, intermediate and advanced golfers.
Staff provides legal and regulatory support to carry out our mission.
Staff provides limited assistance for basic start up procedures.
Staff provides limited assistance for basic startup procedures.
Staff provides limited instruction, time permitting, on the basics of Internet and computer use.
Staff provides materials and time for children to select their own activities during the day.
Staff provides minimal assistance with household management and ongoing support as necessary.
Staff provides objective, educational counseling services and information about possible options.
Staff provides one on one job counseling and acts as liaisons with employers.
Staff provides opportunities for crafts, field trips, sports activities, and a good deal of fun.
Staff provides or arranges for services necessary to protect vulnerable adults.
Staff provides supervision and leadership in every department.
Staff provides supervision of the residential community.
Staff provides support to all committees.
Staff provides support, information, advocacy, and short and long-term counselling.
Staff provides technical advice regarding planning and implementation.
Staff provides technical assistance to support program objectives during the year.
Staff provides training and ongoing support.
Staff provides training in use of apnea home monitor and infant cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
Staff providing front-line support to student workstations require additional skills.
Staff publish frequent columns and letters in New Hampshire newspapers and other publications.
Staff pulls mullein out by the roots.
Staff raise the chicks to maturity and then allow the birds to select mates and breed.
Staff ratios One member of staff is the minimum requirement for a guided walk.
Staff ratios The ratio of staff to patients.
Staff react favourably and feel like their efforts are appreciated when endorsed by management.
Staff Read about our people.
Staff realise the importance of communicating.
Staff realize each client behaves a certain way for a certain reason.
Staff receive a modest stipend and room and board.
Staff receive a salary, lodging and meals.
Staff receive a salary, lodging, and meals.
Staff receive annual professional development funds and reduced tuition for children.
Staff receive both pay and stock options, commensurate with experience.
Staff receive broad education on any identified concerns.
Staff receive child allowances for their children.
Staff receive comprehensive benefits, along with competitive wages.
Staff receive continuing education credit . . .
Staff receive days off as scheduled.
Staff receive environmental training on arrival and regularly thereafter.
Staff receive full credit for courses.
Staff receive gang training with annual updates.
Staff receive high marks for their knowledge, efficiency, and service attitude.
Staff receive paid leave for annual reserve duty.
Staff receive recognition through our PTA and student council.
Staff receive substantial discounts for camp.
Staff receive training for dealing with aggressive behaviours.
Staff receive training in food, nutrition, and diet planning.
Staff receive training in the software and guidelines.
Staff receive within their units necessary computer training suited to job performance.
Staff receives money from student government.
Staff receives no financial benefit nor reimbursement.
Staff receives ongoing inservice education training to ensure they are adequately prepared.
Staff receives regular training in customer service.
Staff receives room and board and a salary.
Staff receives scholarships for relevant professional development.
Staff receives targeted training in freshman year needs.
Staff receives training and integrates technology into curriculum.
Staff receives training for implementation of process writing.
Staff recieve free room and board.
Staff recognize problems as systems or process issues.
Staff recognize that book losses are a part of the library business.
Staff recognize that there are budget constraints.
Staff recognizes that a usage based charge discourages customers from purchasing ISDN services.
Staff recognizes the range of children's abilities.
Staff recommend a housing agreement be registered on the title.
Staff recommend methods.
Staff recommend that the revised scheme become the form of development for the waterfront block.
Staff recommend that the text amendment application be refused.
Staff recommends a one-year transition.
Staff recommends accepting the OASC request and approve Resolution No.
Staff recommends adopting an Ordinance.
Staff recommends adopting Resolution No.
Staff recommends adopting the map as the official record.
Staff recommends adoption of target-setting methods.
Staff recommends adoption of the proposed budget.
Staff recommends adoption of the proposed rule as revised.
Staff recommends adoption of the resolution.
Staff recommends adoption.
Staff recommends all of the above actions.
Staff recommends amending.
Staff recommends approval based on the approval of the site plans.
Staff recommends approval for the findings that are listed in the applicant s narrative.
Staff recommends approval of a one year extension only.
Staff recommends approval of the annexation and zoning for public.
Staff recommends approval of the annexation public services report and the resolution.
Staff recommends approval of the application according to the model resolution.
Staff recommends approval of the application.
Staff recommends approval of the contract renewals as outlined below.
Staff recommends approval of the final subdivision plan.
Staff recommends approval of the ordinance amending the annexation conditions.
Staff recommends approval of the preliminary and final site and building plans.
Staff recommends approval of the preliminary subdivision plan and final subdivision plan.
Staff recommends approval of the proposed Statewide Remedial Education Policy .
Staff recommends approval of the public services report and conditional approval of the annexation.
Staff recommends approval of the public services report and the resolution annexing.
Staff recommends approval of the questionnaire.
Staff recommends approval of the request and reviewed the five findings listed in the staff report.
Staff recommends approval of the request as stated above.
Staff recommends approval of the request to advertise.
Staff recommends approval of the request with the condition that the applicant obtain a sign permit.
Staff recommends approval of the request with the conditions in the staff report.
Staff recommends approval of the request with the conditions listed in the staff report.
Staff recommends approval of the request with the recommended conditions of approval.
Staff recommends approval of the request with the two conditions in the staff report.
Staff recommends approval of the request.
Staff recommends approval of the resolution.
Staff recommends approval of the rezoning request.
Staff recommends approval of the street name changes.
Staff recommends approval of the text amendment.
Staff recommends approval of the text amendments.
Staff recommends approval of the waiver including the use of first responders as drivers.
Staff recommends approval of the zoning change based on the land use plan.
Staff recommends approval on the text amendments and continuation on the special review.
Staff recommends approval subject to conditions.
Staff recommends approval subject to construction of a dumpster enclosure on the site.
Staff recommends approval to advertise.
Staff recommends approval with conditions.
Staff recommends approval.
Staff recommends award to the low bidder.
Staff recommends awarding the bid to all vendors as has been done in the past several years.
Staff recommends awarding to the low bidders that meet specifications for each item.
Staff recommends awards to the three proposers.
Staff recommends both options identified above.
Staff recommends both preliminary and final approval, as requested.
Staff recommends changing from the daily rate to an hourly rate.
Staff recommends conditional approval.
Staff recommends continuing development of technologies.
Staff recommends corrections and a compliance date for corrections to be completed.
Staff recommends co-sponsoring the proposed pilot project.
Staff recommends denial of the applicant's request.
Staff recommends denial.
Staff recommends disapproval.
Staff recommends dismissing the complaint.
Staff recommends drawing a line around dense developments and holding it for at least five years.
Staff recommends expedited action.
Staff recommends expedited consideration.
Staff recommends final approval of resolution.
Staff recommends final approval of resolutions.
Staff recommends granting the petition, based on review of the information presented.
Staff recommends granting the waiver.
Staff recommends holding another vote to appoint member.
Staff recommends immediate funding under the first round of projects submitted for future funds.
Staff recommends incremental, prioritized replacement of the walls.
Staff recommends moving forward with the fuel cell exhibit as originally proposed.
Staff recommends no change to the policy.
Staff recommends ordering three tapas per person and sharing with the table.
Staff recommends proceeding with the same company for design production.
Staff recommends publication by title only of the proposed ordinance.
Staff recommends refunding if market conditions indicate a refunding is economically prudent.
Staff recommends renewal of the contracts for another year.
Staff recommends renewal of the lease for the period indicated.
Staff recommends review of the intrastate process at such time that the interstate process changes.
Staff recommends review.
Staff recommends revision.
Staff recommends staff approval of budget amendments as presented.
Staff recommends tabling the ordinance on second reading.
Staff recommends that standards be set for service stations.
Staff recommends that the application be granted.
Staff recommends that the bid be awarded as specified in the bid award book.
Staff recommends that the concrete bids be rejected and requests permission to re-bid.
Staff recommends that the contract be approved.
Staff recommends that the designation of schools as essential use customers be dropped.
Staff recommends that the Fair Hill application be number one.
Staff recommends that the filing be suspended.
Staff recommends that the matter be closed.
Staff recommends that the matter be dismissed.
Staff recommends that the matter be summarily dismissed.
Staff recommends that the property be divided into two buildable lots.
Staff recommends that the variance be denied permitting a second driveway on the site.
Staff recommends the above action.
Staff recommends the adoption of the Consent Calendar.
Staff recommends the condition remain.
Staff recommends the equestrian facility remain in the plans where shown.
Staff recommends the request be denied.
Staff recommends the variance be granted subject to the reimbursement of the advertising fees.
Staff recommends upholding the appeal.
Staff records archeological sites and monitors previously recorded sites to ensure their protection.
Staff reduce travel time for meetings.
Staff refer visitors and local residents to members businesses.
Staff refers medical emergencies and illnesses to the local hospital.
Staff refers members only.
Staff reflect on their performance.
Staff reflect the ethnicity of the community, and the community takes part in planning the services.
Staff regard the files as an essential part of the programme on which they teach.
Staff regularly carry out pest and disease surveys of plantations, forests and agroforestry systems.
Staff regularly consults medical news to ensure that the collection reflects current practices.
Staff regularly contribute articles to the leading academic and professional journals.
Staff regularly give talks and presentations to local interest groups on marine and coastal topics.
Staff regularly investigates ways of making their program areas more efficient and effective.
Staff regularly meet with students individually.
Staff regularly organize information sessions and workshops.
Staff regularly participate in conflict workshops on resolution training and sexual harassment.
Staff regularly presents at local, state, and international meetings and conferences.
Staff regularly provides workshops at national and local conferences.
Staff regularly speak about their research at national and international conferences.
Staff regularly travels to Africa to study and protect African penguins in the wild.
Staff relies heavily on local assertion in the project review process.
Staff reluctantly see no way to retain the mural located on the side of the building.
Staff rely on hometown knowledge to spot suspicious parties or circumstances.
Staff rely on it to supplement their poor wages.
Staff remain available via pager.
Staff remains unflappable even under busy conditions and provides refined but friendly service.
Staff remains unflappable even under busy conditions and provides refined, but friendly service.
Staff reports back to the committee on the actions of the management boards.
Staff reports being harassed by a known individual.
Staff reports chemical odor in a Campus building.
Staff reports damage to property in a Campus building.
Staff reports destruction of property and theft from a Campus building.
Staff reports Discuss visibility of service goals along with results of the month.
Staff reports for all rezoning cases are available by download.
Staff reports from prior monitoring visits.
Staff reports given.
Staff reports receiving harassing telephone calls.
Staff reports receiving strange telephone call.
Staff reports receiving threatening telephone call.
Staff reports that progress is being made to recommended changes.
Staff reports that the huge problems are solved and they are now dealing with the smaller ones.
Staff reports theft of property from a Campus building.
Staff reports water leak in a Campus building.
Staff reports, if any.
Staff reports, with attachments , are available for viewing for informational purposes only.
Staff represent all of the major environmental disciplines.
Staff req'd all sessions.
Staff request stakeholder feedback on service and suggested procedures and policies.
Staff requests additional time to allow parties to identify and resolve outstanding issues.
Staff requests an additional suspension period of three months.
Staff requests that minutes be posted the day following each monthly meeting.
Staff requests the item be withdrawn for a future advertised public hearing.
Staff require no training and the implementation is rapid.
Staff researches divorce records when names are provided.
Staff researches records.
Staff reserve the right to ask the patron to call back at a later time if the department is busy.
Staff reserve the right to refuse photocopying requests on conservation grounds.
Staff reserves the right to alter or reject messages.
Staff reserves the right to conduct site visits to assess the progress of the grant.
Staff reserves the right to edit all requests as deemed necessary.
Staff reserves the right to inspect all house areas whenever deemed necessary.
Staff reserves the right to monitor equipment use and content of materials.
Staff reserves the right to notify and combine divisions due to lack of teams.
Staff reserves the right to require proof of age at any time.
Staff reset the system.
Staff reside on site.
Staff resides in the cabin and tents and has access to all facilities including the swimming pool.
Staff responds appropriately to the individual needs of children and youth.
Staff responds to all complaints of junk vehicles, trash and grass over twelve-inches high.
Staff responds to complaints about noise, toxic materials, and air and water pollution.
Staff responds to emergency water and sewer repairs day and night.
Staff responds to public inquiries regarding prehistoric and historic archeological sites in Texas.
Staff responds to the range of children's feelings and temperaments.
Staff responses to the stopit messages are generally quick.
Staff resumes and a detailed budget are highly recommended.
Staff retain the right to either use or refuse the offer of counselling assistance.
Staff retrieves all requested items.
Staff retrieves materials for users.
Staff reuse such items as folders, toner cartridges, boxes, dishes, and unbleached coffee cup wraps.
Staff review all inspection reports and plans for construction and repair.
Staff review each citizen's situation and take a holistic look at what is happening in their life.
Staff review only.
Staff review the application to determine eligibility.
Staff review the prospectuses for compliance with the legislation and other official requirements.
Staff reviews all applications to identify the most highly qualified candidates for the position.
Staff reviews all submitted information.
Staff reviews application and makes a recommendation.
Staff reviews audit and recommendations.
Staff reviews proposals and meets to discuss initial comments.
Staff reviews proposed changes to Texas historic courthouses under authority of special legislation.
Staff reviews request and relevant precedent and determines initial reinstatement condition.
Staff reviews RFPs for technical compliance.
Staff reviews special event permit application and coordinates with other agencies.
Staff reviews the applications and writes a report analyzing the impacts of the petition.
Staff reviews the area eligibility.
Staff reviews the data from each protesting district to correct clerical errors and other problems.
Staff reviews the estimates and issues an approval letter and authorization to proceed.
Staff routinely monitor the stow throughout the voyage.
Staff routinely replace blown bulbs.
Staff say that gangrene has set in already in many of the cases.
Staff say the response from patients has been overwhelming.
Staff say they enjoy the meetings.
Staff say things like' It's the little button over here' to someone who has no sight.
Staff says that recent rains have largely diluted the sewage.
Staff says the new units have more memory, greater range and a quicker response for a cut strap.
Staff See a complete staff listing.
Staff See also our Prices and terms of delivery or go back .
Staff See below.
Staff see email as documentation.
Staff See other listings under English.
Staff See our staff and there postions and what the do.
Staff See the bright, and sophisticated staff.
Staff See the recitation sections page for information on staffing of individual sections.
Staff see themselves as innovators.
Staff seek advice.
Staff seek opportunities to respond to the unique needs of each patient or client.
Staff seek to diversify funding.
Staff seeks bids from both winning and losing short list bidders.
Staff seem a little morose.
Staff sees each youth three times per day.
Staff sees volumes and volumes of code citations associated with each permit.
Staff select the end user from the patron database.
Staff selects a topic of interest related to the content area.
Staff selects materials with advice from librarians throughout the region.
Staff sells advertising.
Staff serve as a resource for nature and environment-related information by phone or in person.
Staff serve as expert witnesses in court cases and legislative hearings.
Staff serve as part of a multidisciplinary team.
Staff serve as role models to promote independent thinking and self-advocacy.
Staff serve individuals and families to whom a vital event occurred in Georgia.
Staff serve liaison role between volunteers and organizations.
Staff serve on several of the groups also.
Staff serve two-year terms, with one member appointed each year.
Staff serving that particular floor are all female.
Staff sets up call and mails number, password and agenda to committee members.
Staff share the application with a volunteer team that has been trained.
Staff share the responsibility of maintaining the materials.
Staff share the same offices, etc.
Staff shows genuine interest toward guests.
Staff sign a receipt form stating they have read and understood the regulations.
Staff speak a variety of languages.
Staff speak English, Spanish, French, and German.
Staff speak excellent English.
Staff speak good English.
Staff speak Greek and English.
Staff speak Russian, Spanish and Chinese.
Staff speaks English and German.
Staff speaks English, French, German, Polish, Spanish.
Staff speaks English, French, Spanish.
Staff speaks German and occasionally English.
Staff speaks some English.
Staff speaks Spanish.
Staff speaks Vietnamese and English.
Staff speaks with children in a friendly, courteous manner.
Staff specialise in applied and theoretical economics.
Staff specialise in early years teaching.
Staff spend days to weeks in rough field environments to conduct surveys.
Staff spend time in the country involved to look at the security situation.
Staff spends less time communicating, but keep better informed.
Staff spends time getting to know the students and discussing family planning decisions.
Staff stand by at certain times of the day to answer questions, provide guidance, etc.
Staff stays calm in all situations.
Staff still apologize for business cards that only list mobile-phone numbers due to frequent moves.
Staff strive for the continuous improvement of provision.
Staff strive to impact and support students in a positive way.
Staff strive to serve the sick and the poor in a holistic manner.
Staff suggest starting with two neighbourhood vision programs concurrently.
Staff suggests a six-month period to allow a request to be submitted.
Staff summarizes the application, and explains why and for how long the applicant wants a deferral.
Staff supervises the statewide forest fire prevention and protection program.
Staff supply their own bikes, tool kits, personal clothing and general outdoor equipment.
Staff support each other and work effectively as a team.
Staff support some of the relaxations but recommend design changes to reduce the proposed height.
Staff support some of the relaxations, but recommend design changes to reduce the proposed height.
Staff support the application, subject to conditions.
Staff support the extension of the tolerance period on a limited basis.
Staff support the new scheme because overall urban design and public amenity are improved.
Staff support the proposed rezoning.
Staff support the text amendments.
Staff supports a variety of career and information services.
Staff supports approval of the pop-out sign concept.
Staff supports line.
Staff supports the upsizing costs.
Staff sure hopes so.
Staff take a long time to hand in paperwork and codes.
Staff take adequate steps.
Staff take notice.
Staff take part in weekly environmental days, which like-minded guests are also welcome to attend.
Staff take permanent collection art works in the mobile van to each audience.
Staff take pride in creating a supportive and healing environment for patients and family.
Staff take significant steps.
Staff take steps.
Staff take the appropriate action to deny or reduce benefits and submit overpayment referrals.
Staff take their lead from, and are inspired by, residents' responses and initiatives.
Staff take turn to sit on various committees.
Staff take turns managing field investigations such as aquifer tests.
Staff take turns pushing the dolly as fast as they can to the room with the moon.
Staff take turns staying up all night to tend heaters and instruments.
Staff takes all reasonable precautions to preserve personal materials on reserve.
Staff takes care of laundry and cleaning.
Staff takes care of the bedding etc.
Staff takes the food waste and composts it at several private residences.
Staff takes time inbetween classes to answer questions and converse with students.
Staff teach one class group in the morning and one class group in the afternoon.
Staff teaches classes that they have researched and developed.
Staff Teaches the nature and sources of law.
Staff tells no one where the children are unless there are signs of abuse or neglect.
Staff tend to be less effective after six hours.
Staff tend to be office-based.
Staff tend to do more for themselves, but bring things in for admin in batches.
Staff tend to stay in their positions because there are limited opportunities to change employers.
Staff testify before legislative committees, providing valuable insight on children's issues.
Staff tests dogs for heartworm.
Staff then analyse the data and write their conclusions.
Staff then can review submittals in electronic format.
Staff then coordinates the reviews by sending appellant's exams to the appropriate vocationalist.
Staff then determines if the lot was created legally.
Staff then distribute the items to the inmates.
Staff then duplicate the presentations and send three to each participant for review.
Staff then helps implement and coordinate care plans.
Staff then helps teachers and families work together to turn kids in a positive direction.
Staff then hold a lottery drawing to determine the final recipients.
Staff then performs preliminary survey and design work and meets with the affected property owners.
Staff then receive a full set of results and reports.
Staff then synthesize collected information into a report.
Staff then takes appropriate action to remedy identified systematic noise problems.
Staff then works with their supervisor to determine when they can telework, if appropriate.
Staff there can also supply information on current maps, local conditions, and available guides.
Staff there can demonstrate a privileged search.
Staff there can direct the student to an appropriate faculty member.
Staff there have considerable discretion in applying regulations.
Staff there report a very difficult security and supply situation in the area.
Staff therefore have telephone and e-mail access to specialists on a range of disabilities.
Staff therefore recommends final payment and project acceptance.
Staff therefore recommends the referenced project be accepted.
Staff thoroughly search the prison, but are unable to find the prisoners.
Staff trained in computer forensics are a valuable asset.
Staff travel frequently to research and treatment meetings and conferences.
Staff travelling to and from work is an area which has a knock-on effect on business.
Staff travels widely in the region, working in cooperation with local institutions.
Staff treat common ailments, provide physical and gynecological exams, and dispense medicine.
Staff tries to understand the different ways children express their feelings.
Staff truly understands the feelings a new client experiences.
Staff try hard to make the units interesting.
Staff try to be sensitive to the individual eating patterns of each child.
Staff try to behave appropriately, according to the circumstances.
Staff try to encourage a culture where students use each other for support.
Staff typically conduct tests and analyze data for drilling contractors and consultants.
Staff typically teach material related to their research specialisations.
Staff typically work three to five days on and two or more days off.
Staff understand the Southern African mining environment.
Staff understand what their own role and responsibility is.
Staff understands deadline pressures, and every effort is taken to respond quickly to all requests.
Staff understands direction and contributes ideas.
Staff understands responsibilities, tasks, and contribution to the library system as a whole.
Staff urge participants to call early in pregnancy because classes fill quickly.
Staff use an aeroplane to find kiwis sometimes.
Staff use economic forecasts to estimate the future growth of industry, traffic, and population.
Staff use establish protocols.
Staff use information.
Staff use methods.
Staff use mobile computers to follow patients into treatment areas.
Staff use mobiles for contactability, but tend to use charge cards where possible for making calls.
Staff use one set of local system commands and procedures for access to multiple databases.
Staff use only .
Staff use only.
Staff use protocols.
Staff use rocking chairs to rock children to sleep.
Staff use several international interlibrary loan networks to place requests.
Staff use some tolerance and at present the existing process seems to be working.
Staff use ten self-assessment guides containing several trigger questions.
Staff use the curriculum to plan for different ability levels and individual interests.
Staff use the same system for accessing their internal and external documents.
Staff uses a variety of methods and areas to reach the public.
Staff uses computer models to carry out discounted cash flow analyses of mineral properties.
Staff uses inventory count sheets to record the inventory manually, then quantities are keyed in.
Staff uses negative pregnancy test results as an opportunity for counseling on family planning.
Staff uses positive approaches to help children behave constructively.
Staff uses service elevators only.
Staff using personal equipment are responsible for any loss, damage or wear to that equipment.
Staff utilize a behavioral approach with a strong element of reality therapy.
Staff utilize common planning time to focus their attention on the individual needs of students.
Staff utilize role modeling, mentoring and a . . .
Staff utilize the Internet on a daily basis.
Staff utilizes accepted reviewing sources and basic lists of standard works as an aid in selection.
Staff utilizes technology for community-building announcements.
Staff varies their responses according to each child's age and abilities.
Staff View the staff roster and photos.
Staff views the leader as knowledgeable, competent, and supportive.
Staff visit clients in their homes to make sure they understand and follow medical advice.
Staff visit five schools per month to provide evaluations, technical assistance, and training.
Staff visit high school classes upon request.
Staff visits some sites on a monthly basis, others less frequently.
Staff wants to make sure that trail easements are possible to obtain.
Staff wants to offer help to the schools for the transition.
Staff wants to set up the damo program.
Staff warns the show contains some explicit dialog and lyrics, and mature subject matter.
Staff wear gloves and a gown when they plan to touch the patient or a contaminated object.
Staff wear historical costumes.
Staff wears garlic around their neck when assigned to order entry.
Staff wears Jamestown period costumes.
Staff wears minority headdresses.
Staff wears national Ukrainian dress.
Staff welcome the suggestions and support from the community in expanding our services.
Staff welcomes recommendations from the public.
Staff well being is important also.
Staff when needed make home and hospital visits.
Staff win strong endorsement for service.
Staff wishing to develop their own learning material can also get advice and support.
Staff work around that by converting the layers to shapefiles when more utility is needed.
Staff work around the clock providing the best service to all customers.
Staff work around the clock to maintain the ice surface.
Staff work closely with case management to coordinate the best possible care.
Staff work closely with employers to guarantee satisfaction with the employee.
Staff work closely with the needs and goals of each client and their family.
Staff work collaboratively on such projects and also pursue their individual research activity.
Staff work collaboratively to create a continuum of services for youth at risk.
Staff work collaboratively together, are committed and professional in theirapproach.
Staff work diligently to meet the needs of all students, including students with disabilities.
Staff work diligently to resolve complaints as quickly as possible.
Staff work hard to create a friendly welcoming atmosphere.
Staff work hard, many overwork.
Staff work intensively with the families, providing counseling and crisis assistance.
Staff work mainly full-time hours in other health services, and turnover rates are variable.
Staff work out of an office, taking referrals and traveling to respond to clients on their caseload.
Staff work regularly on the streets making contact and building relationships with young people.
Staff work together cooperatively in an atmosphere of respect and flexibility.
Staff work with county departments.
Staff work with departments.
Staff working in management and educational roles can also undertake the programme.
Staff working in the treated classrooms say there's an enormous difference.
Staff working together in one system can leverage efforts and boost efficiency.
Staff workrooms, with windows onto corridors, enable staff to monitor student activities.
Staff works as a team.
Staff works carefully in designing an effective program.
Staff works closely with discerning art collectors, the beginning buyer and corporate patrons.
Staff works closely with parents to establish treatment goals that address parental concerns.
Staff works diligently to help children communicate and gain respect for one another.
Staff works directly with families in their homes.
Staff works eight hours per day, six days a week.
Staff works eight hours per day, six days per week.
Staff works in teams to meet the needs of the residents on a twenty-four hour basis.
Staff works to accommodate families.
Staff works to ensure that all complaints receive a fair and objective investigation and hearing.
Staff works to help identify the connection between eating problems and trauma histories.
Staff works to plan, fund and construct improvements.
Staff works too much currently.
Staff works with children in both inpatient and outpatient settings.
Staff works with clients on goals identified by the individual.
Staff works with community leaders to develop vital communication links with local industry.
Staff works with parents and students to identify valid reasons for missing a day of school.
Staff works with students with disabilities to coordinate support services and resources.
Staff write, design and place the ads.
Staff writers research and write articles about each item for sale on the site.
Staffs analyze the maps to identify logical boundaries, or alternative boundaries.
Staffs are on hand to assist with research strategy suggestions.
Staffs are smaller with fewer marketing specialists.
Staffs can base programs on rural values and models.
Staffs can use the following formula in their initial coverage planning stages.
Staffs do what their bosses are interested in and what is measured.
Staffs evaporate due to better pay at state government and banks.
Staffs feels that finding can be made.
Staffs form an important part in Egyptian conceptualization of power and authority.
Staffs get smaller.
Staffs has to be paid.
Staffs have continuous access to the office via phones in classrooms and portable radios.
Staffs needs to be reminded to look around from time to time.
Staffs present the results at open houses.
Staffs report to their councils.
Staffs represent sacred trees.
Staff always are available to speak to students' classes or organizations on the above topics.
Staff always has management's ear, and management is listening carefully.
Staff always have a right to ask for time.
Staff frequently exceed expectations in meeting customer needs.
Staff frequently give talks to schools and groups on recycling, the environment and sustainability.
Staff frequently see board members with serious questions as obstacles at best, enemies at worst.
Staff often act as mediators to help resolve concerns or inquiries.
Staff often become involved in work on cartographic collections of other libraries.
Staff often do the same thing.
Staff often fear reprisal for their actions.
Staff often has neither the skills nor the budget to keep up with patches.
Staff often have databases or lists of recommended web sites.
Staff often have no idea what a drug does to the child.
Staff often hold down two or more jobs and prolonged absences create financial hardships.
Staff often leave due to illness or retirement.
Staff often leave or impose a cloak of silence upon themselves.
Staff often perform work that is sensitive, delicate or confidential.
Staff often view their role as ensuring the safety of the child.
Staff often work tirelessly until the early hours of the morning to restore water supply.
Staff sometimes experience similar treatment.
Staff usually have one day off each weekend and an evening each week.
Staff usually have to change departments and positions to move forward.
Staff usually photocopy news clippings onto acid free paper and dispose of the clippings.
Staff usually stands outside the bathroom and then checks it when the resident is finished.
Staff usually work eight hour shifts for ten days, then have four days off.
All staff accept responsibility for maintaining a good attitude towards work and change.
All staff actively participates on several campus-wide committees and events.
All staff acts as volunteer coordinators.
All staff are able to challenge discriminating attitudes and practices.
All staff are accountable for the maintenance of performance and standards.
All staff are accountable to the community.
All staff are also regularly available to answer questions or give additional help.
All staff are also responsible for directing complainants to the formal complaint process.
All staff are also subject to the Pittsburgh occupation privilege tax, deducted annually.
All staff are appropriately qualified and experienced.
All staff are available through electronic mail.
All staff are available to be involved in consulting.
All staff are available to supervise doctoral research in their specialist areas.
All staff are aware of, and implement, the policies of assessment, treatment and care.
All staff are bilingual.
All staff are bonded employees and are covered by worker's compensation insurance.
All staff are chemo certified.
All staff are committed to providing students with teaching of the highest quality.
All staff are cross trained in infusion and chemotherapy as part of the committment to primary care.
All staff are degreed execise professionals.
All staff are educators.
All staff are either qualified counselors or social workers.
All staff are eligible for prizes donated by campus departments and local merchants.
All staff are eligible to apply for education sponsorship for further education.
All staff are eligible to be nominated, either as individuals or as members of a group.
All staff are eligible to participate.
All staff are eligible to vote.
All staff are energetic, caring, and team oriented.
All staff are English-speaking and are famous for their friendly service.
All staff are entitle to buy company products at a very preferential rate.
All staff are experienced adults.
All staff are familiar with the drill and fire fighting appliances.
All staff are friendly and helpful.
All staff are friendly, kind and caring.
All staff are fully qualified and experienced.
All staff are fully qualified and most have university teaching experience.
All staff are fully qualified.
All staff are general counselors and specialists in chosen sport.
All staff are happy to help.
All staff are highly committed, hard-working and have high expectations of pupils.
All staff are highly qualified and experienced teachers.
All staff are highly qualified and trained in water safety and emergency procedures.
All staff are highly qualified, and several have international reputations in their field.
All staff are highly trained and enthusiastic about working with middle-school students.
All staff are highly trained and many have special qualifications in general practice work.
All staff are members of a functioning team within the school-wide team.
All staff are members of the association and participate equally in decision-making.
All staff are nationally qualified and experienced.
All staff are off Sundays and all major Mexican holidays.
All staff are on Outlook and faculty transition in process of requests for CDs are for home use.
All staff are part time.
All staff are professional and innovative, meeting and exceeding international standards.
All staff are qualified and trained with recognised certification from their country of origin.
All staff are qualified florists Personal service.
All staff are qualified to address a wide range of presenting concerns and have comparable training.
All staff are research active and the volume of research income has increased sharply.
All staff are responsible for all students.
All staff are responsible for completing their own weekly timesheet.
All staff are responsible for enforcing the school rules, inside and outside the classroom.
All staff are responsible for identifying potential risks.
All staff are responsible for implementation and monitoring of the policy.
All staff are responsible for locking their office windows at night.
All staff are responsible for maintaining and providing a safe, caring environment.
All staff are responsible for their own typing and filing and are trained to be health educators.
All staff are self-employed and work from home, connected via the Internet.
All staff are student affairs educators.
All staff are sympathetic to the Christian ethos.
All staff are there for the protection of the attendees and the press.
All staff are to be issued with a booklet containing safety and security guidance.
All staff are to vacate the building by that time.
All staff are under the Oath of Confidentiality .
All staff are united and work together with a common dedication to bring science to the sick.
All staff are volunteers and are scheduled two to three times monthly.
All staff are volunteers except the directors.
All staff are volunteers.
All staff are welcome and no prior registration is required.
All staff are welcome to attend .
All staff are welcome to attend.
All staff are welcome.
All staff assists on an ongoing basis as needed.
All staff attend a week long training workshop prior to the firs week of camp.
All staff attend and present papers in rotation.
All staff attend ergonomic training.
All staff attend important trainings.
All staff attend ongoing training courses so that they remain abreast of all new upgrades.
All staff attend PC enabling classes.
All staff attend relevant courses throughout the year to update their training.
All staff attend.
All staff believe that the customer is the most important entity of the company.
All staff can access their own information and submit transactions over the web.
All staff can benefit from a greater awareness of ergonomics and workstation configuration.
All staff can cope with the benches, weights, bars and aerobic equipment.
All staff can describe mission, goals and values.
All staff can expect to receive instructions covering the proposed ballot shortly.
All staff can keep an eye out for bullying.
All staff can request email, web, and instructional accounts on the local campus servers.
All staff come packed with imagination, creativity, and a true desire to work with children.
All staff continue their professional development through seminars, workshops and courses.
All staff Continue to encourage staff diversity on working parties and committees.
All staff continue to meet monthly to discuss specific topics about reading and writing instruction.
All staff contribute to the well-being of each child here at school.
All staff create templates for documents being input onto the system.
All staff employ strict measures of confidentiality to protect human subjects.
All staff employed at the station have degrees in various biological fields.
All staff employed in fixed-term contract posts are black.
All staff employed on fixed-term contracts are subject to probation.
All staff enjoy one term's paid research leave for every six terms' service.
All staff feel involved and have ownership of the change.
All staff focus on outcomes in relation to achievement, attainment, attitudes to learning.
All staff follow strict ethical standards and laws.
All staff follow the state childcare licensure procedure for hiring staff.
All staff give their time free of charge.
All staff give their time whether for administration or teaching free of any charge.
All staff give up time for extra-curricular sport, club or service activities.
All staff go on extended overnight canoe or hiking trips at least once per month.
All staff has a 'home' and that some staff work across boundaries.
All staff has access to e-mail and there is a phone in every classroom.
All staff have a deep feeling of respect for the addicted person.
All staff have a direct line with voicemail and e-mail address.
All staff have a responsibility to adhere to research policies.
All staff have a role to play in keeping clients safe and reducing the liability of the agency.
All staff have a status line on which can be checked for 'abnormal' events.
All staff have a voice.
All staff have a working knowledge of prevention as it relates to healthy lifestyles.
All staff have a working knowledge of prevention as it relates to lifestyle behavior change.
All staff have access to a shared workspace in an open environment.
All staff have access to email for rapid exchange of information.
All staff have access to technology support any where and anytime.
All staff have access to the book loan program as well.
All staff have access to the information.
All staff have advanced training.
All staff have an email address and web browsing capabilities.
All staff have an increased awareness of the potential of technology.
All staff have an obligation to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information.
All staff have appropriate security clearances.
All staff have at least two years experience styling hair.
All staff have community development and trauma counselling skills.
All staff have direct telephone lines supported by personal voice mail.
All staff have email addresses issued by the district.
All staff have e-mail, and access to the Internet.
All staff have equal and easy access to technical services information that makes their work easier.
All staff have experience working with children, and have been background checked.
All staff have expertise in recruitment and retention issues.
All staff have expertise working with young adolescents in varying ways.
All staff have extensive experience teaching children in an outdoor setting.
All staff have knowledge of nursing and midwifery students particular needs.
All staff have masters degrees and state licensed.
All staff have one day off each week to rest and renew their energy.
All staff have police experience.
All staff have small pinboards outside their offices.
All staff have specialized training in the care of older adults.
All staff have the opportunity to raise personal support.
All staff have the same mailing address.
All staff have the use of e-mail and have extensive training in technology as it is introduced.
All staff have their own email accounts at the school.
All staff have their own PC's with phone calls directed to the portfolio manager of the property.
All staff have to wear name tags.
All staff have training in diabetes care, emergency procedures, and cabin management.
All staff have various post-secondary degrees or equivalent experience.
All staff have voice mail capabilities.
All staff have voice message.
All staff having contact with a youthful offender contribute to the treatment and training program.
All staff hold consultation hours to help students individually throughout the course.
All staff hold high expectations for student learning.
All staff identify possibilities for early identification within their area of work.
All staff involved owe themselves a pat on the back.
All staff is accountable for compliance with laws and regulations which pertain to their duties.
All staff is billed separately.
All staff is courteous and attentive.
All staff is encouraged to attend when possible.
All staff is encouraged to attend.
All staff is encouraged to be active professionally.
All staff is involved in the fire and disaster drills.
All staff is licensed or cert.
All staff is linked by computer with increased speed and accuracy of information sharing.
All staff is paid and has ongoing training.
All staff is qualified and available to interpret in a wide variety of settings.
All staff is required to attend training.
All staff is required to wear a photo name badge.
All staff is trained by, scheduled by and under the supervision of FAP professional staff.
All staff is trained on the specifics of the teaching techniques used.
All staff know all the children and they work together as a team.
All staff know that the three objectives below apply to every phase of each student's experiences.
All staff know they have an important role to play and they are aware of their responsibilities.
All staff live at camp for the summer.
All staff live on site because they love it and choose to be there.
All staff live on site.
All staff live on-site.
All staff meet at or call the front desk for instructions.
All staff meet briefly each week to update projects and collaborate on solutions.
All staff meet or exceed state mandated regulations.
All staff needs to be comfortable with any new automation.
All staff needs to be informed that signing a contract means subjectivity to company's needs.
All staff needs to have time to plan .
All staff now have access to some kind of microcomputer.
All staff now have email addresses and room numbers listed.
All staff now have their own email addresses and can be contacted directly.
All staff now live off the grounds.
All staff now work within a job family, for which the key competences are fully defined.
All staff participate in additional regional trainings and staff meetings throughout the year.
All staff participate in an intensive training week prior to the summer.
All staff participate in and assist with the implementation of a set camping and trip program.
All staff participate in ongoing quality improvement monitoring.
All staff participates in teams, committees, and staff development.
All staff pay their own living costs.
All staff play a valuable role in the education of students.
All staff play an integral role in the care, supervision and treatment of each young offender.
All staff possess the ability and desire the serve as positive role models for the participants.
All staff provide counseling and hands-on instruction is offered.
All staff provide their services at no cost to the missionary or mission organization.
All staff quickly respond to phone calls, notes and visits.
All staff raise their own salaries, thereby keeping our operating costs to a minimum.
All staff receive a formal induction period as well as access to ongoing training and staff reviews.
All staff receive an excellent pension and benefit package.
All staff receive board, room, and laundry.
All staff receive in-service training.
All staff receive intensive training before working with girls.
All staff receive on-going safety and curriculum training.
All staff receive options.
All staff receive pre-camp training.
All staff receive regular training and updates on products.
All staff receive staff development in the new curricular areas.
All staff receive the same wage, whether general secretary or telephonist.
All staff receive thorough training on enforcing security policies and emergency procedures.
All staff recognize the value of each individual child.
All staff regularly attends staff development and participates in professional growth activities.
All staff remain constantly alert of the health and welfare of each child in their care.
All staff require training and briefing.
All staff resides on the property during the summer camp program, with usually one day off per week.
All staff see their job as facilitating the offender's rehabilitation.
All staff share a commitment to help the vulnerable and displaced.
All staff speak at least English, Swedish and Finnish.
All staff speak English and are able to chart on their residents daily.
All staff speak English.
All staff speak, read and write in English.
All staff speaks English.
All staff spend a day of staff training at our ropes course.
All staff spend a high proportion of their time acting as tutors and critics.
All staff systematically integrate technology literacy skills into instruction.
All staff take part in a week-long extensive training program.
All staff teach in both buildings.
All staff try hard to maintain consistency in approach.
All staff undergo an intense one-week staff training period at the beginning of each season.
All staff undertake PD in the area of catering for high achievers.
All staff use the same guidelines regardless of practice site.
All staff use the same reward and sanction syatems so there is a clear and consistent approach.
All staff use written procedures for the registration, allocation and referral of clients.
All staff utilizes and supervises volunteers.
All staff wear the company uniform.
All staff welcome.
All staff work closely with each student to see that individual guidance needs are met.
All staff work closely with the designer to assure the fabric translates well.
All staff work collaboratively with the total building staff.
All staff work directly with the programs.
All staff work eight-hour shifts.
All staff work together as a team to provide quality services to consumers.
All staff work together to teach and reinforce positive student behaviors.
All staff work very hard to ensure that campers have a safe, fun and meaningful time at camp.
All staff write for the magazine.
All staffs consist a typical knowledge, younger, specialized group fool of energy.
All staffs speak English and other languages.
Every staff has a paper.
Every staff measures a little over six feet in height.
Many staff already donate their time and skills to individual local agencies.
Many staff are able to answer questions and offer suggestions on where to search for information.
Many staff are already in place.
Many staff are also internationally and nationally recognized for their research .
Many staff are temporary, part-time and poorly trained.
Many staff avail themselves of the local take-away foods.
Many staff believe their workload is largely driven by the public and special interest groups.
Many staff feel that faculty positions are protected at their expense.
Many staff find themselves in positions where there is no chance for advancement.
Many staff have both professional and academic qualifications.
Many staff have inter-disciplinary qualifications and backgrounds.
Many staff have personal home pages which provide additional information about their activities.
Many staff have training in both economics and forestry.
Many staff now prefer to work in the Christian hospitals than government or private sectors.
Many staff refuses to go up there alone at night when the floor is empty.
Many staff see early retirement as their most attractive future.
Many staff speak English.
Many staff still keep paper registers for their own use.
Many staff still work with print materials as well.
Many staff take advantage of the excellent tuition reimbursement compensation.
Many staff utilize multicultural, cognitive and feminist, approaches.
More staff are due to arrive in the coming days.
More staff are now in the field.
More staff is added when an infant is at the safe home.
More staff is needed for evaluation and office work.
More staff is needed.
More staff means less time that customers have to wait for a refund.
More staff means more money spent on wages.
Most staff achieve healthy lifestyle.
Most staff achieve lifestyle.
Most staff advertise such hours on their doors.
Most staff already have e-mail access either with extro or their department.
Most staff also have active research interests in Malta, our main fieldwork venue.
Most staff are active researchers themselves, publishing widely in their specialist areas.
Most staff are college-age.
Most staff are courteous and helpful, but an unfortunate minority insist on rigid regimentation.
Most staff are day workers.
Most staff are generally satisfied with their computing environment.
Most staff are long term TTC employees.
Most staff are reticent to report failures.
Most staff are satisfied with the physical demands of the job.
Most staff are so dedicated and caring.
Most staff are unaware of information outside their own department.
Most staff are women, and female child molesters are extremely rare.
Most staff become experts.
Most staff bring in money with their individual grants.
Most staff create environments.
Most staff create healthy environments.
Most staff develop skills.
Most staff do jobs.
Most staff do superb jobs.
Most staff enter after gaining experience in other relevant areas.
Most staff give tests.
Most staff have books.
Most staff have computers in their homes.
Most staff have contact.
Most staff have equipment.
Most staff have experience.
Most staff have families and come from different backgrounds.
Most staff have frequent contact.
Most staff have good knowledge.
Most staff have good product knowledge.
Most staff have hearts.
Most staff have interaction.
Most staff have knowledge.
Most staff have master's degrees and have worked at the agency for many years.
Most staff have necessary equipment.
Most staff have responsibility.
Most staff have skills.
Most staff have strong interaction.
Most staff have tools.
Most staff have year experience.
Most staff is bi-linqual.
Most staff is hourly rate and can t afford child care.
Most staff make decisions.
Most staff only use one password.
Most staff perform such duties.
Most staff provide best possible care.
Most staff provide high quality information technology services.
Most staff provide information.
Most staff provide nurse care.
Most staff provide quality information technology services.
Most staff provide quality services.
Most staff seek advice.
Most staff take adequate steps.
Most staff take notice.
Most staff take significant steps.
Most staff take steps.
Most staff teach on several different modules at several levels.
Most staff use establish protocols.
Most staff work multiple seasons for the program.
Some staff add care.
Some staff admit they hoped to see more parents.
Some staff also provide papers for day schools and conferences.
Some staff also teach and are included in both the faculty and staff counts.
Some staff are able to work well together.
Some staff are also eligible.
Some staff are bilingual and interpreters are also used.
Some staff are fluent in other languages as well, including sign language.
Some staff are in offices with no windows.
Some staff are interested in working with people with chronic diseases to prevent exacerbations.
Some staff are permanently loaned university IT equipment for home use.
Some staff are resistant to change.
Some staff are responsible for maintenance, others for dissemination.
Some staff are specialist teachers working in specific areas or medias.
Some staff are very good indeed but at times there is an absence of a professional approach.
Some staff ask players.
Some staff assist grocers.
Some staff begin treatments.
Some staff believe the anonymous letter had been written by a disgruntled former employee.
Some staff can request an extension of personal leave for up to one year.
Some staff carry out analyses.
Some staff choose to do planning work or nap.
Some staff continue to ride their bicycles and park outside in City racks.
Some staff contribute to performance.
Some staff create sites.
Some staff establish status.
Some staff examine guest rooms.
Some staff fill multiple positions.
Some staff get their students to perform the assessment.
Some staff give lessons.
Some staff go site-seeing and absorb some culture.
Some staff have a list on their doors.
Some staff have attitude.
Some staff have basic philosophical differences with the program, say managers.
Some staff have better recording ability than others.
Some staff have direct dialing numbers with voice mail to ensure prompt replies to all enquiries.
Some staff have no idea they are in fact abusing the laws.
Some staff have parents.
Some staff have to work overtime or a second job to pay their bills and support their families.
Some staff have yet to finalise project topics.
Some staff help families.
Some staff involve in production.
Some staff is involved in office work, TV, or radio.
Some staff maintain habitats.
Some staff maintain their own personal preprint archives .
Some staff make letters.
Some staff never seem to be able to get along.
Some staff now work off carts or in closets and storage rooms.
Some staff offer degrees.
Some staff perform demonstrations.
Some staff perform procedures.
Some staff profiles by others as indicated.
Some staff promote animal care.
Some staff promote care.
Some staff provide lists.
Some staff provide references.
Some staff provide solutions.
Some staff receive and mark written work by email.
Some staff receive modest stipends.
Some staff report small animals.
Some staff say they are intimidated into keeping quiet about what goes on at the centre.
Some staff say they are pleased that their educational credentials are finally being recognized.
Some staff sell books.
Some staff serve guests.
Some staff sit in on the first part of the meetings.
Some staff speak English.
Some staff take possessions.
Some staff take pride.
Some staff teach stewards.
Some staff think that the debtor s codes are the same as the accounts payable codes.
Some staff wear western dress, while a couple are togged up in flamboyant galabiyyas.
Some staff work fewer than five days a week.
Some staff work with patients.
Some staffs disagree on what the deadline means, but they don t know that.
Some staffs have thirty employees, some only one.
Staffed captives are in the minority in Vermont.
Staffed displays are available for community events such as health fairs.
Staffing agencies are prone to improper behavior just like any other employer.
Staffing agencies check and test candidates, one of the key differences from job boards.
Staffing agencies offer a broad array of services to their clients and candidates.
Staffing agencies qualify for volume discounts.
Many staffing agencies have a high turnover rate.
A stag beetle is a beetle
Stag beetles are now extinct in Denmark and Latvia.
Stag beetles are quite harmless.
Stag beetles are relatively widespread in southern England.
Stag beetles are threatened by the loss of the habitats in which they live.
Stag beetles develop in the rotten wood of fallen or old trees.
Stag beetles have feathery tubes that they can extend to suck their food with.
Stag beetles spend up to six years of their life underground before they emerge as beetles.
A stag party is a party
Stag parties whoop ass over hen nights.
A stag is a deer
Stag handle and leather sheath.
Stag is a natural material and no two are identical., but they are all very well finished.
Stag is a naturally occuring material and varies in appearence from piece to piece.
Stag is popular and durable but is extra.
Stag turns to rut in the autumn.
Stag unfolds like a Chinese fan.
Stags also sport a distinctive mane while in the rut.
Stags are beers.
Stags are bucks.
Stags are cider.
Stags are deers.
Stags are investors.
Stags are people.
Stags are prized for trophy hunts as their impressive antlers can have up to eight tines.
Stags are pugnacious, fighting each other outside the rut as well as during it.
Stags are red deers.
Stags challenge each other by bel- lowing.
Stags eat little or nothing during the rutting season, and lose weight rapidly.
Stags have no flowers.
Stags represent the masculine side of the balance of nature.
Stags run wild on hill country.
Stags tend to be a much darker brown, with a scruff of hair on the front of the neck.
Stage actors are actors.
Stage actors are underappreciated in screen work, too, but the overpayment helps.
Stage actors have to tone down their performance because the cinema deals in close-ups.
Many stage actors complain of respiratory problems, including occupational asthma.
Stage combat is a dynamic component of the movement training.
Stage combat is introduced.
Stage combat is more like a dance than a real fight.
A stage crew is a crew
Stage crew is also an extra-curricular activity in which students receive half of a credit.
Stage crew takes a bow and exits in the same manner.
All stage curtains are flat black.
Stage direction is direction.
Stage direction is instruction
Stage direction is part of drama.
Stage direction is part of play.
Stage directions appear in italics and are centred.
Stage directions are absent or confusing.
Stage directions are in italics.
Stage directions are italic and full page width.
Stage directions are suggestions only.
Stage directions demonstrate awareness of audience perspective.
Most stage direction is part of drama.
A stage director is a director
Stage directors make sure the cast and crew give a consistently strong live performance.
Stage directors try to impose a sitcom-style acting that renders everything incomprehensible.
A stage door is an entrance
Most stage doors are usually right in the open, sometimes behind the building.
Stage fright can be the constant companion of the performing musician or the public speaker.
Stage fright claims the pastor and newly sober Beans.
Stage fright is a foreign concept to the girls, who are eager now to sing together.
Stage fright is a necessary ingredient of a good performance.
Stage fright is a negative term for excitement.
Stage fright is a perfect example.
Stage fright is a problem that can usually be dealt with relatively quickly and simply.
Stage fright is albums.
Stage fright is an emotional reaction which restricts physical abilities.
Stage fright is fear of feeling in front of others.
Stage fright is fear
Stage fright is fear.
Stage fright is often due simply to lack of experience.
Stage fright is only natural.
Stage fright is reduced.
Stage fright is something everybody has to handle in their own way.
Stage hands remove sheep.
Stage hypnosis does just that.
Stage hypnosis is a show where people perform acts that are used to entertain an audience.
Stage hypnosis is a unique audience participation event everyone talks about for weeks.
Stage hypnosis is an exciting blend of the power of suggestion and hypnosis.
Stage hypnosis is no different from clinical hypnosis except for one thing.
Stage larvae feed on bacteria.
Stage light is located in theatres.
Stage lights are clearly visible.
Stage lights begin to fade.
Stage lights dim.
Stage lights kindle beams through smoking desires.
Stage lighting is another good application of physically-based rendering.
Stage lighting is controlled by a switchboard operating through a flexible patching system.
Stage lighting is located in operas.
Stage lighting sets the mood for each new song and adds an aura of unity.
Stage makeup is a cosmetic of a heavier quality than normal, everyday wear makeup.
Stage makeup is very tricky for most people.
A stage manager is a supervisor
Stage managers are another integral part of any performance.
Stage managers are in charge of every aspect of the production.
Stage managers are supervisors.
Stage managers are wonderfully organized people.
Stage Managers do make coffee.
Stage Managers receive up to four units per production.
Stages of change is an element still needing to be further addressed by the project.
Stage of development becomes the criterion whereby people are selected for extermination.
Stage of development is noted.
Stages of development vary in the regions according to the planting dates.
All stages of development are hairy.
All stages of development are predaceous, feeding on mosquitoes, midges, and other small insects.
All stages of development can occur throughout the year except during the winter.
Every stage of development needs guidance to get to the next.
All stages of evolution are wonder-ful and contain their own special beauty and wisdom.
Stage one is now available.
Stage one is to be a synthetic athletic track to Olympic training standard.
Stage plays are also dreams.
Stage plays are different, no doubt about it.
Stage plays can be in any genre.
Most stage plays have to be adapted to make a screenplay.
Stage productions offer more promise, though the difficulties here are still significant.
Stage races are a quickly growing segment of the sport due to the ease of organization.
Stage races are contests of energy expenditure efficiency.
Stage readings are an important step in the development of new plays.
A stage right is a right
Stage right is an old beat-up couch.
Stage right is the side of the good, and stage left is the side of evil.
Stage right is the sound effects table.
Stage rights are part of stages.
Stage rights are rights.
Some stage rights are part of backstages.
Some stage rights are part of theaters.
Some stage rights are part of theatres.
Stage rockets use fuel.
Stage rockets use solid fuel.
Most stage rockets use solid fuel.
A stage set is a representation
Stage set includes back drop, props, lighting and sound provided by the artist.
Stage set is designed.
Stage shows are outrageous with their self abusive frontman and circus of parading musical terrors.
All stage shows are free and open to the public.
All stage theories meet the criteria to fit under the organismic umbrella.
Stage weapons can include prop guns, bladed weapons, and other items like bull whips and clubs.
Stage weight comes in twenty, thirty, and forty pound sizes.
A stage is a period
Stage acts for each night are yet to be determined.
Stage also has departments for shoes, jewelry and fragrances.
Stage also influences treatment planning and determines prognosis.
Stage announce with relay closure.
Stage can last for weeks to months.
Stage combines tumor extent, size, and grade.
Stage considers several features of the disease and is often related to survival.
Stage gives by no worm either clothe st.
Stage handle with sculptured nickel silver guard and lion head pommel.
Stage has a critical role in the selection of therapy.
Stage has a critical role in the selection of treatment.
Stage has wood floor.
Stage is a classification system used to define the extent of the disease.
Stage is a good size and level with the first row.
Stage is a good size.
Stage is a measure of discharge.
Stage is accessible to people using wheelchairs.
Stage is assigned by physical examination, x-rays, and sometimes by exploratory surgery.
Stage is covered in industrial grade, neutral gray carpet.
Stage is cued to darkness.
Stage is dedicated to the development of new works by playwrights and performance artists.
Stage is deep and slightly rounded.
Stage is elevated and the view is straightforward.
Stage is empty now always last to go.
Stage is empty.
Stage is especially important in determining the prospects of cure with surgery.
Stage is fifteen feet from the front row.
Stage is high, square and plain.
Stage is how far the tumor has spread.
Stage is lit with low light and all toys are frozen on stage.
Stage is motorized and chamber is turbo pumped.
Stage is now able to act as chat server for atlas compliant clients.
Stage is referenced to a staff gage inside the stilling well.
Stage is related to discharge by a formula based on channel and weir geometry.
Stage is set.
Stage is the depth of water in the pool created behind the weir.
Stage is the extent of the disease.
Stage is the height of the water surface above a reference elevation.
Stage is the level, in feet or meters, about some reference point.
Stage is the principal variable in determining discharge and is an excellent proxy for discharge.
Stage is the time of our own lives, of our own works.
Stage is the water level above some arbitrary point in the river and is commonly measured in feet.
Stage is unique for each tumor type.
Stage is wooden.
Stage isa period.
Stage lays out the choices simply.
Stage Left Enter dead prez, stage left.
Stage lights up.
Stage make-up is used under heavy and very intense lights.
Stage Make-Up Learn the many techniques of how makeup for the stage is applied.
Stage means how big the tumor is and how far it has spread.
Stage offers opportunities to exit, go up or down.
Stage plays available for amateur and professional performances.
Stage produce Railway before all spot until a saw.
Stage produces Threat thru a exception below most army.
Stage puppets galore.
Stage refers only to the height of the water above some reference level.
Stage refers to the extent of the cancer.
Stage refers to the extent, or the size, of the cancer.
Stage refers to the spread of the cancer.
Stage refers to the tumor's size and whether the cancer has spread to other organs.
Stage settle to a gate since confuse table tennis.
Stage shows Catch a show.
Stage shows feature members of swing-era big bands.
Stage Stop really good bookings.
Stage structured models can compute elasticity and sensativity analyses.
Stages are alarm, resistance, exhaustion, death.
Stages are available for mounting large loads or for multi-dimensional motion.
Stages are available with or without tops.
Stages are characterised by structured roles and duties.
Stages are easiest to customize.
Stages are facilities.
Stages are for a period of approximately six months.
Stages are identified by age.
Stages are located in auditoriums.
Stages are located in concert halls.
Stages are located in concerts.
Stages are located in operas.
Stages are located in shows.
Stages are located in theatres.
Stages are now on an acre basis rather than a unit basis.
Stages are now online.
Stages are part of journeys.
Stages are part of theaters.
Stages are platforms.
Stages are racing.
Stages are scenes.
Stages are travel.
Stages are universal.
Stages are used for bands.
Stages are used for drama.
Stages are used for live shows.
Stages are used for music.
Stages are used for performance.
Stages are used for play.
Stages continue, as labored transition proceeds.
Stages exist both biologically and psychologically.
Stages follow one another a simply as a hypercard stack - embryology definitely made understandable.
Stages Go forward to Grammar Layout .
Stages have effects.
Stages have more last effects.
Stages Implement the above APIs.
Stages last for few weeks.
Stages last for months.
Stages last for several months.
Stages last for several weeks.
Stages last for weeks.
Stages last for years.
Stages last from few months.
Stages last from months.
Stages last from several months.
Stages occur during third years.
Stages occur during years.
Stages plays on occasion.
Stages span million years.
Stages span years.
Stages subdivide the periods.
Stages thus provide a macro-level organization to the process.
Stages vary from forest, to dirt track to city centres in appearance.
ALL stages are absolutely necessary and good.
All stages are below monitor level.
All stages are blood-feeders and bite the skin four to five times daily to feed.
All stages are eligible.
All stages are equally important.
All stages are found on the underside of leaves.
All stages are motor driven and are supplied with the necessary hardware and instructions.
All stages are present, except in the autumn, when there are only adults.
All stages are separated by moults.
All stages are skill testing and scenario shooting.
All stages are slow moving.
All stages are straightforward and very basic.
All stages are usually longer in a first-time delivery.
All stages are venomous.
All stages are vulnerable and are eaten by trout.
All stages attack livestock and humans.
All stages burn composite solid propellant.
All stages can eat same food.
All stages can live in buildings year-round.
All stages chew leaves and stems of many kinds of plants.
All stages feed by embedding their mouth-parts into the skin of a host and taking a blood meal.
All stages feed by imbedding their mouthparts into the skin of a host and taking a blood meal.
All stages feed on potato, tomato, and related plants such as peppers.
All stages have a jumping habit.
All stages have a similar diet.
All stages have distinctive features that separate tick species.
All stages have eight legs except the six-legged larva.
All stages have the same stator exit angle.
All stages have two light, yellow-brown bands that run across their backs.
All stages including beginners welcome.
All stages including eggs are pale yellow.
All stages inhabit the same ecological niche and so maintain the same general body plan.
All stages move fast.
All stages move quickly and adults are good flyers.
All stages occur in groups on the undersides of leaves.
All stages occur on the under sides of leaves.
All stages occur primarily on the undersides of leaves.
All stages prefer to feed on dogs.
All stages suck the sap from the host.
All stages tend to feed on flowers, tender new leaves and fruit.
All stages use LOTS of parallax scrolling too.
Every stage assumes a certain degree of knowledge presumably acquired in previous stages.
Every stage contains resistor holders with corrosion resistant spring contacts.
Every stage has a problem between two different feelings .
Every stage has a problem between two different feelings.
Every stage has a specific arrangement of blocks.
Every stage has the same timeline, strategies and partnership activities.
Every stage involved in producing a book, magazine or brochure requires meticulous attention.
Every stage is illustrated and explained with screen shots and diagrams.
Every stage is seperated by red lines.
Every stage is unique and encompasses changes in the human body.
Every stage requires balancing the teacher's power with the student's emerging self-direction.
Every stage uses energy and causes pollution.
Most stages have anywhere from four to seven levels, so the game is of considerable length.
Most stages have effects.
Most stages have more last effects.
Most stages have movies with the neural tube highlighted.
Most stages have new or different objectives at the higher difficulty levels.
Most stages occur during third years.
Most stages occur during years.
Most stages require students to submit two workpieces.
Most stages span million years.
Most stages utilise or develop process engineering knowhow of the evaluator.
Some stages are applicable in a general way with all alloys of a given metal or metals.
Some stages are during the daytime, others are at night.
Some stages are too small to accommodate certain productions.
Some stages can occur only in a second host, the mosquito vector.
Some stages do have some nice music, but others are just slightly annoying.
Some stages even have treasures at the other end which can be collected for bonus scores.
Some stages follow fertilization.
Some stages have adaptive values.
Some stages have few more legs.
Some stages have legs.
Some stages have values.
Some stages occur at dusk, night, dawn and day.
Some stages occur during months.
Some stages occur during winter months.
Some stages require actual stealth tactics.
Some stages require one or all of the firearms to be reloaded after they have been shot dry.
Some stages show development.
Some stages take places.
A stagecoach is carriage
Stagecoach is a masterpiece in every respect.
Stagecoach is a provider of public transport services in the UK and overseas.
Stagecoach is in the middle of the small center.
Stagecoach purposely avoids such outbursts from the orchestra.
Stagecoach stop More than horse thieves used that particular route through Willow Springs.
Stagecoaches also pass up and down on both sides every day at equal rates.
Stagecoachs are coachs.
Stagecraft is a lot like technology class.
Stagecraft is about controlling the relationship.
Stagecraft is concerned with the technical elements of the theater.
Stagecraft is crafts.
Stagecraft is craftsmanship
Stagecraft is very hands-on and requires the use of power tools.
Stagecraft Teaches the art of producing sets and props for theatrical productions.
Staged collisions are criminal conspiracies that usually involve numerous suspects.
Staged distractions are a favorite ploy of pickpockets.
Staged evacuation is permissible if approved by the fire chief.
Staged readings are fun because they take so little preparation.
A stagehand is an employee
Stagehands are employees.
Stagehands are the unsung heroes of every concert ever seen.
Stagehands say the treadmill is still under the stage deck.
All stagehands are non-union.
A stagflation is inflation
Stagflation can also cause other distortions that put policymakers in a no-win situation.
Stagflation describes a stagnant economy bedevilled by inflation.
Stagflation hits the world, then Britain.
Stagflation is a two headed monster.
Stagflation is defined by high levels of both A. unemployment and inflation.
Stagflation is high inflation and high unemployment .
Stagflation is no longer unprecedented.
Stagflation is the most dreaded dilemma facing policymakers.
Stagflation sets in.
Stagflations are inflation.
A stagger is a gait
Stagger joints each layer and side.
Stagger joints each side.
Stagger joints similar to rows of bricks.
Stagger start times for motors, so as to minimize total energy use.
Stagger terms so that rotation occurs for only half the committee each year.
Staggers are animal diseases.
Staggers occurs when an animal's blood magnesium and calcium levels fall below normal.
Staggered backups can maximize the amount of data backed up to each tape.
Staggered databases reside appended to a file called the host file.
Staggered deliveries minimize the amount of stock on hand at any given time.
Staggered perches allow several birds to feed at once.
Staggered rows help reduce erosion on slopes by retarding run-off.
Staggered shifts can reduce peak-period trips, particularly around large employment centers.
Staggered tenures provide for some members to continue on even as others step down or move away.
Staggering bells is the first place to start.
Staggering implications suggest themselves immediately.
Staggering predictions abound over where the Internet is going.
Staggering seams is recommended for best appearance.
A staghorn coral is a coral
Staghorn corals form the forests of the reef.
Staghorn corals grow rapidly, but are easily damaged in storms.
Most staghorn varieties are very easy to grow.
Staging are discard.
Staging are recital.
Staging are travel.
Stagnant air can be fatal.
Stagnant air can increase the levels of smog and other air pollutants.
Stagnant blood is an ideal environment for bacteria to multiply in.
Stagnant chi brings a sense of malaise, a stagnation of the soul.
Stagnant clusters can render a regional economy extremely vulnerable.
Stagnant energy causes the body to malfunction.
Stagnant energy makes a room look lackluster, sometimes almost hazy.
Stagnant faith stinks, like stagnant water.
Stagnant government drains national morale.
Stagnant language is dead because it describes something which no one sees anymore.
Stagnant layers retard further evaporation of water from wet paint surfaces.
Stagnant periods happen with all jobs as well as life in general.
Stagnant ponds strain to clamber quarry walls.
Stagnant pools are a haven for mosquitoes.
Stagnant rainwater is a breeding ground for the mosquitoes that carry the infection.
Stagnant salaries are just one of many reasons behind the nurse shortage.
Stagnant urine can help bacteria grow.
Stagnant urine can set the stage for infection.
Stagnant urine promotes bacterial growth.
Stagnant water can become a breeding ground for insects and harmful bacteria.
Stagnant water can create more problems than it solves.
Stagnant water created by Eurasian watermilfoil mats provides good breeding grounds for mosquitoes.
Stagnant water created by hydrilla mats provides good breeding grounds for mosquitoes.
Stagnant water is an ideal source of infection.
Stagnant water is found in parts of it, and in others the carcasses of animals.
Stagnant water is more likely to be contaminated due to longer exposure to the plumbing materials.
Stagnant water is often a breeding ground for mosquitoes.
Stagnant water is the favorite breeding ground of mosquitoes.
Stagnant water is the key.
Stagnant water is unsuited to the plant.
Stagnant water is usually more damaging than flowing water.
Stagnant water is where the infecting mosquito aedes aegypti breeds.
Stagnant water kills plants quickly.
Stagnant water left from monsoon rains can increase mosquito activity.
Stagnant water produces the worst emissions because the decaying vegetation generates methane.
Stagnant water requires more maintenance.
Stagnant water sitting in the reservoir during the off season can be a breeding ground for bacteria.
Stagnation temperature is the conserved quantity.
Stagnation brings disease and death.
Stagnation brings on regimentation, which in turn only increases stagnation.
Stagnation causes pain, cramps, clots, bloating, etc., during the cycle.
Stagnation equals death.
Stagnation equals illness.
Stagnation is a blight and curse to any church.
Stagnation is a career killer.
Stagnation is a common characteristic of addictive love relationships.
Stagnation is associated with death.
Stagnation is associated with frustration, irritability, tension, and feeling stuck.
Stagnation is death for political parties, and old labour was stagnant.
Stagnation is death.
Stagnation is fatal.
Stagnation is inaction
Stagnation is inaction.
Stagnation is our enemy.
Stagnation is poisonous to the creative spirit.
Stagnation is sinewy here, a substance.
Stagnation is stinky.
Stagnation is the result.
Stagnation leads to complacency and a lack of vigilance, which is perhaps even more dangerous.
Stagnation occurs and the result is chronic constipation.
Stagnation occurs when all trees grow at about the same rate, then growth slows due to competition.
Stagnation only leads to boredom.
Stagnation sets in.
Stagnation settles in.
Stagnation always produces pain as a side effect.
Most stain removers are simply a cleaning agent in a water-based solution.
Stain techniques facilitate identification.
A stain is an appearance
Stain adds character to woods.
Stain adds color to intensify and bring out the beauty of the wood and grains.
Stain appears on box lid.
Stain is a way of covering up repairs.
Stain is absorbed more in less smooth areas.
Stain is almost impossible to remove from the skin.
Stain is anything that adds color to raw wood.
Stain is compatible with mass spec and has a larger linear range than silver staining.
Stain is difficult to remove.
Stain is excellent where a rustic appearance is desired.
Stain is only obvious in the head crest.
Stain just soaks into the wood nicely.
Stains add color yet can reveal the texture and grain of cedar shakes or clapboards.
Stains also aid in identification of the parasite.
Stains also appear on bathtubs, sinks and faucets.
Stains appear to be hidden within the aggregate suface.
Stains are a varied as a rainbow.
Stains are acceptable on containers as long as all residue is removed.
Stains are an unavoidable part of life.
Stains are appearances.
Stains are available in a wide range of colors.
Stains are common on fracture faces of shale fragments.
Stains are consumable products.
Stains are dyes that bind to cells Two main purposes.
Stains are dyes which react with tissue substances and routine stains show the identity of tissues.
Stains are finish.
Stains are like watercolors in that each brush stroke counts.
Stains are located in carpets.
Stains are located in rugs.
Stains are marking.
Stains are more difficult to remove the longer they remain in the garment.
Stains are no problem.
Stains are notorious for failing to maintain the same color during application.
Stains are often times specific to bind with only certain structures of the cell.
Stains are wood finishes that protect the wood from weathering and also stabilize color.
Stains become visible with age or after drycleaning.
Stains can be a problem in pots and pans.
Stains can be solid color, clear or semi-transparent.
Stains can cause permanent damage.
Stains can challenge even the most creative housekeeper.
Stains can come out.
Stains can look like inlays of exotic woods.
Stains change tooth structure, which make teeth less transparent.
Stains come in semi-transparent and solid colors.
Stains come in solid colors and they apply just like paint with a brush or roller.
Stains come out much easier when fresh.
Stains contain pigments and are used to tint the wood.
Stains disappear often with a simple cold or hand wash.
Stains do vary, so check the label first.
Stains easily wipe away with water or common fabric cleaning agents, including solvent cleaners.
Stains enhance and showcase the handsome grain for which red oak is noted.
Stains have pigments that can settle out quickly, especially in dark colors.
Stains hold on top of mesas and are more stable if pad is moved.
Stains located in the blank margins are much less serious than stains in the printed area.
Stains look different on different types of wood.
Stains mark the ceilings and walls.
Stains obscure the surface of the wood somewhat.
Stains penetrate differently around indentations.
Stains remain virtually invisible when applied for a clean natural look.
Stains Remove stubborn stains from furniture upholstery and clothes.
Stains seem to have little effect.
Stains smear the hotel hall's mint green walls and brown carpet.
Stains Use latex paint or natural pigment finishes.
Stains wipe away with a sponge and soap or cleanser.
Stains usually disappear immediately.
Any stain appearing in damp area is suspect.
Many stains are difficult to remove.
Many stains are on the surface of the grout and can be removed with sandpaper.
Many stains are water based.
Most stains are a result of drying too slowly.
Most stains are acrylic-based and offer good resistance to UV light.
Most stains are easier to remove when they are fresh.
Most stains begin to disappear within seconds.
Most stains contain water repellents and in many cases rot and mildew inhibitors.
Most stains disappear with water or solvent cleaners.
Most stains lighten in color before drying.
Some stains are available from pet stores for use as fish medications.
Some stains are impossible to remove.
Some stains are merely the residual effects of leaks that have been repaired.
Some stains are simple stains while others are differential.
Some stains are very hard to remove.
Some stains become more difficult or even impossible to remove with the wrong treatments.
Some stains contain waxes, for example, and many cleaners contain waxes and silicones.
Some stains require a medium with higher flux.
Some stains require professional treatment.
Some stains respond slowly.
Some stains show up months or even years later.
Stainable versions have to be topcoated with a nonpenetrating, heavy-body stain or gel.
Staines sees like a semi-urban area, there is industry along the river.
Stained floors are a breeze to maintain.
Stained glass abounds - even a dragonfly.
Stained glass can brighten up any home or office, plus they make great gifts.
Stained glass can bring beauty, joy and inspiration into one's life.
Stained glass can transform ordinary spaces.
Stained glass has color painted on a clear glass.
Stained glass is a craft anyone can do.
Stained glass is a distinctive medium for art.
Stained glass is a major form of the decorative arts that has an intimate link with architecture.
Stained glass is a much more versatile medium than most people realize.
Stained glass is a popular accent, often with a simple, geometric pattern.
Stained glass is an art form for an illiterate society.
Stained glass is an art form that dates back a thousand years to pre-medieval Europe.
Stained glass is applied to inside of sheets of salvaged car window glass with clear silicon caulk.
Stained glass is available in a variety of patterns and styles, from traditional to abstract.
Stained glass is available in matched sets, or in a dazzling assortment of singles and pairs.
Stained glass is both an ancient fine art and a craft.
Stained glass is covered and sections of the sandstone floor have been sawed out and removed.
Stained glass is easy.
Stained glass is elegant and easy to do.
Stained glass is expensive, but it's designed to last a lifetime.
Stained glass is featured.
Stained glass is glass
Stained glass is glass.
Stained glass is graphics.
Stained glass is like that.
Stained glass is located in churchs.
Stained glass is often used for diversity, various color options and clear glass are available.
Stained glass is ornaments.
Stained glass is produced by solu- the American contribution to the industry.
Stained glass is the art of manipulating coloured light within an architectural context.
Stained glass is used in some kinds of art .
Stained glass is used in some kinds of art.
Stained glass is, at first, a frustrating hobby requiring much patience and practice.
Stained glass looks wonderful on a computer monitor because the light comes from behind.
Stained glass remains a growing trend in quilting.
Stained glass spills uniquely fascinating patterns of colors and textures onto ceilings and walls.
Stained water is best.
Staining are soiling.
Stainless ball bearings carry vertical loads of drum.
Stainless blades stay sharp.
Stainless body prevent from rusting.
Stainless butterfly latches.
All stainless construction assures extra corrosion resistance and highest structural strength.
All stainless construction provides corrosion resistance.
Stainless couplings assure a lifetime of flawless and corrosion-free operation.
Stainless fasteners are hard and ideally suited for outdoor furniture construction.
Stainless fasteners resist corrosion.
Stainless firearms are more easy for intruders to spot in low-light conditions.
Stainless fittings are more expensive, but are the strongest and most durable.
All stainless hardware is included.
Stainless interior is easy to maintain and the grill racks go right in the dishwasher.
Stainless props can be very expensive, and reign supreme in high performance applications.
Stainless props can make HUGE differences on the right boat.
All stainless racks come with a warm satin pewter-like finish.
Stainless rivet has a stainless nail and casing and is the most common used in repairs.
Stainless roller buckles.
Stainless spokes are also available.
Stainless steel accounts for nearly two-thirds of nickel consumption.
Stainless steel are a good choice but fairly expensive by comparison.
Stainless steel are inexpensive and useful.
Stainless steel are most durable and easy to keep clean.
Stainless steel blades crush whole trays of ice cubes in seconds.
Stainless steel blades with a full-length tangs provide perfect balance and control.
Stainless steel blades with beechwood handles.
Stainless steel blades with non-stick coating.
Stainless steel blades with nylon gears.
Stainless steel blades with true-wave frosted edge.
Stainless steel can be beautiful and is less costly.
Stainless steel can conduct electricity.
Stainless steel can rust if it is in direct contact with water.
Stainless steel clamps for connecting tubing.
Stainless steel comes in many flavors.
Stainless steel comes in many grades.
Stainless steel contains chromium.
Stainless steel contains iron, nickel and chromium.
Stainless steel contains nickel .
Stainless steel contains nickel and chromium.
Stainless steel contains nickel.
Stainless steel contains significant amounts of chromium.
Stainless steel costs more and starts with flat sheets that are constructed into the shapes.
Stainless steel crowns for adults are the least desirable type of crown.
Stainless steel cutting wires are replaceable.
Stainless steel ends.
Stainless steel ensures longer life.
Stainless steel flasks.
Stainless steel gives marine durability.
Stainless steel grows and twists through blades of grass.
Stainless steel handle controls lift.
Stainless steel hanging cages with automatic watering, is best, except for young.
Stainless steel has a rough surface just after filing.
Stainless steel has characteristics.
Stainless steel has conductivity.
Stainless steel has good weldability and poses no problems during welding.
Stainless steel has physical characteristics.
Stainless steel has thermal conductivity.
Stainless steel have very good resistance to chlorides.
Stainless steel is a comparatively advance metal developed in recent times.
Stainless steel is a hardworking surface that's as easy to maintain as it is beautiful.
Stainless steel is a more resilient metal, but titanium alloy is stronger.
Stainless steel is a peculiar entity, it is very rigid in many ways.
Stainless steel is a special case.
Stainless steel is a steel alloy containing chromium and nickel.
Stainless steel is a valuable scrap material.
Stainless steel is a VERY tough metal.
Stainless steel is a very valuable commodity and is therefore almost entirely recycled.
Stainless steel is acceptable, but stay away from aluminum.
Stainless steel is alloy steel
Stainless steel is alloy steel.
Stainless steel is also a little slicker than aluminum, making clean up easier.
Stainless steel is also a tricky material to cook with.
Stainless steel is also available.
Stainless steel is also fine.
Stainless steel is an alloy of iron , low levels of carbon, and chromium.
Stainless steel is an alloy of iron and chromium, or of iron, chromium, and nickel.
Stainless steel is an alloy of iron and chromium.
Stainless steel is an alloy which contains iron and other metals.
Stainless steel is an alternate material used widely in the manufacture of table flatware.
Stainless steel is an alternate material widely used in the manufacture of table flatware.
Stainless steel is available on request.
Stainless steel is available upon request.
Stainless steel is best or powder-coated.
Stainless steel is best.
Stainless steel is better than the other metals.
Stainless steel is both more durable and easier to clean than plastic.
Stainless steel is common, but difficulty in soldering can create problems for the home constructor.
Stainless steel is considered a neutral in regards to salivation.
Stainless steel is corrosion-resistant, very hard, and resists deformation.
Stainless steel is durable, good looking and inexpensive.
Stainless steel is durable, light and leaves no metalic taste.
Stainless steel is easiest to work with but copper is also used.
Stainless steel is easy to clean.
Stainless steel is even more expensive than bronze so the material cost to begin with is very high.
Stainless steel is expensive.
Stainless steel is extremely durable and resistant to stains, scratches, tarnish and corrosion.
Stainless steel is far easier to clean than silver and the shine lasts a life time.
Stainless steel is found in kitchens and dining rooms where food is prepared and served.
Stainless steel is great for every day use.
Stainless steel is lightweight and easy to care for but conducts heat poorly.
Stainless steel is longest lasting of all three containers.
Stainless steel is made by adding chrome to the mixture of alloys in the metal.
Stainless steel is made from iron, carbon and chromium.
Stainless steel is maintenance-free, timeless and chic.
Stainless steel is much harder than mild steel.
Stainless steel is much stiffer than mild steel.
Stainless steel is much stronger than aluminum, and can consequently withstand far more abuse.
Stainless steel is non-reactive, unlike aluminum which can discolor foods cooked in it.
Stainless steel is one such material, often used in the vacuum vessel and piping components.
Stainless steel is optional.
Stainless steel is our primary metal.
Stainless steel is preferred in food handling or hospital applications.
Stainless steel is recommended.
Stainless steel is relatively neutral, but oak can produce profound flavours changes in wine.
Stainless steel is reliable in high temperatures, acidic and alkaline solutions and in solvents.
Stainless steel is reviewed here from a dermato-allergological point of view.
Stainless steel is solid steel.
Stainless steel is steel.
Stainless steel is stronger than iron, lighter than iron, and resists rusting.
Stainless steel is the best choice but hot-dipped galvanized is the most widely used and economical.
Stainless steel is the best for home brewing.
Stainless steel is the best material for equipment.
Stainless steel is the best material for spokes.
Stainless steel is the best to use.
Stainless steel is the metal most often used to encase plutonium pits.
Stainless steel is the most common use.
Stainless steel is the most durable and long-lasting of all materials and it is expensive.
Stainless steel is the most popular of the alloy steels.
Stainless steel is the most widely used surface material in food processing.
Stainless steel is the perfect metal for interior and exterior use.
Stainless steel is the preferred material for service connections.
Stainless steel is the sturdiest and easiest to clean.
Stainless steel is the way to go.
Stainless steel is tougher to bend than brass.
Stainless steel is trouble.
Stainless steel is used for all product and corrugated contact surfaces.
Stainless steel is used for critical sealing components, as well as for the high pressure rotor set.
Stainless steel is used for high Temperature cooking, medical instruments and implants.
Stainless steel is used for pharmaceutical purposes.
Stainless steel is used for the bellows, and is an option for the faces and hubs.
Stainless steel is used for the extrusion die, as most PVCs are very corrosive.
Stainless steel is used in Europe in the construction of medical ozone generators.
Stainless steel is useless in a wok.
Stainless steel is usually the lining material recommended for radioisotope hoods.
Stainless steel is versatile enough to complement virtually any kitchen decor.
Stainless steel is versatile.
Stainless steel is very pretty, especially when it's polished.
Stainless steel is virtually rust-proof.
Stainless steel is zinc free.
Stainless steel is, perhaps, the most desirable drinking water pipe material.
Stainless steel lagering tanks occupy the space below, on the ground floor.
Stainless steel locking tab for maximum grip strength, reduces tension loss.
Stainless steel looks clean, bright and efficient.
Stainless steel means added strength and corrosion resistance.
Stainless steel measuring spoons do double duty.
Stainless steel mounting and assembly hardware is provided.
Stainless steel mounting hardware is included.
Stainless steel mounting hardware is provided.
Stainless steel offers enhanced cleanliness and a very polished appearance.
Stainless steel protects the food and the cookware itself.
Stainless steel provides a good medium for chilling gin in seconds and is easy to maintain.
Stainless steel provides a superior sanitary finish.
Stainless steel provides exceptional corrosion protection.
Stainless steel recessed pocket has integral finger grip door pull.
Stainless steel relies on a stable oxide film to provide corrosion resistance.
Stainless steel riveted mail is available on special order only .
Stainless steel snap back construction.
Stainless steel spits and prongs.
Stainless steel striking plate greatly extends separator life.
Stainless steel telescoping steps drop quickly and easily into the water.
Stainless steel tops the hand-made bar and lounge tables, as well as surrounds the mirrored barback.
Stainless steel typing tray freezer racks for upright or chest freezers are also available.
Stainless steel utensils with silver plate handles.
Stainless steel vented cover is included.
Stainless steels are probably the most widely used materials for corrosion resistant applications.
Stainless steels have good corrosion resistance but are expensive.
All stainless steel makes clean up easy.
All stainless steel piping features a five year standard warranty against corrosion.
All stainless steels have a high resistance to corrosion.
Many stainless steels contain nickel.
Many stainless steels stand up better in concentrated sulfuric acid than seawater.
Most stainless steel has characteristics.
Most stainless steel has conductivity.
Most stainless steel has physical characteristics.
Most stainless steel has thermal conductivity.
Stainless studs are far superior to self-drives in almost every way.
Stainless systems have a full stainless tip.
Stainless tube prevents excessive stem distortion.
Stainless valves are a lot stronger.
Stainless valves can withstand it more.
Stainless version has commercial type stainless steel pot, lid and basket.
Stainless volume is still strong.
A stainless is alloy steel
Stainlesses are very hard difficult to cut.
Stair climbing does double duty because it strengthens legs and improves cardiovascular function.
Stair climbing improves hill running and leg power.
Stair climbing is a very good form of exercise.
Stair climbing is also a good workout for strengthening and fat burning.
Stair climbing is an excellent exercise for the quadriceps and hip extensor group of muscles.
Stair climbing is another.
Stair climbing is excellent.
Stair climbing is extremely difficult.
Stair lift is available, please seek ushers for assistance.
Stair lifts can operate on one of two types of power sources, either battery or electric-powered.
Stair lifts come equipped with many different features.
Stair rails are of black walnut.
Stair treads are cork.
Stair treads are in good condition.
A stair is support
Stair climbing on a large set of stairs is an interval workout, which burns unwanted fat faster.
Stair continues to gain a following.
Stair isa device.
Stair running in a stadium or high rise is another possibility.
Stairs account for three times more injuries to children under age five than do toys.
Stairs allow easy access to the cab, where the controls are labeled and explained.
Stairs allow people to get safely down onto the beach.
Stairs appear frequently in dreams as a symbol of movement and advancement toward a goal.
Stairs are a big obstacle, just like the little curbs.
Stairs are a critical part of the the deck design and construction process.
Stairs are a good cardiovascular exercise.
Stairs are a little easier today, however.
Stairs are also an occasional problem.
Stairs are always a faster option as opposed to an elevator.
Stairs are always accessible for exiting the building.
Stairs are an exception because the aged persons normally give up climbing up and down.
Stairs are an exception.
Stairs are available for movement between office floors of the building.
Stairs are available to provide access from stage to orchestra pit at seating level.
Stairs are easy to find.
Stairs are for cops.
Stairs are fun but handrails kick ass.
Stairs are inanimate objects.
Stairs are just about everywhere.
Stairs are located in apartments.
Stairs are located in buildings.
Stairs are located in cars.
Stairs are located in cellars.
Stairs are located in garages.
Stairs are located in gyms.
Stairs are located in hotels.
Stairs are located in houses.
Stairs are located in staircases.
Stairs are no longer poetic.
Stairs are oak treads with painted risers.
Stairs are okay if taken one at a time.
Stairs are one example.
Stairs are particularly risky.
Stairs are pretty clear.
Stairs are right there, ready for use, free.
Stairs are safer when equipped with anti-slip treads, approved handrails and adequate lighting.
Stairs are stairways.
Stairs are steep and easily catch one's toes.
Stairs are steeper.
Stairs are the most treacherous things.
Stairs are the only option in getting into the restaurant.
Stairs are the place where most deaths and serious injuries happen in the home.
Stairs are to the aft deck.
Stairs are totally out of the question.
Stairs are used for climbing.
Stairs are used for climbs.
Stairs are within code.
Stairs become a newfound area to put things, and items start to be hung from the ceilings.
Stairs begin and end the addition, anchoring and fronting the academic quadrangle and campus edge.
Stairs can also support customized edges by projecting to objects such as walls and polylines.
Stairs can be dangerous for youngsters.
Stairs can be dangerous.
Stairs can be difficult or impossible.
Stairs can be one of the more challenging aspects of a deck-building project.
Stairs cause a desire to climbs.
Stairs come in many different shapes and sizes.
Stairs connect each floor.
Stairs create additional shading impacts and concentrate foot traffic.
Stairs create an environmental hazard for many people, regardless of structural dimensions.
Stairs curve upward to the dining room, which is small but with an open, spacious feeling.
Stairs descend to the right and the left.
Stairs down are to the right at the next junction, past the first door on the right-hand side.
Stairs extend after clearing an offstage obstruction.
Stairs feature self supporting wood stringers and landings.
Stairs Find a stairway.
Stairs frighten many parents.
Stairs go up to the roof terrace.
Stairs have (part) sections.
Stairs have good lighting without glare.
Stairs lead down from the balcony to the open flat plain of the town's margins.
Stairs lead down into the dark caves.
Stairs lead down there from the courtyard.
Stairs lead down to a room with a single bed and washing machine.
Stairs lead down to an office, laundry and a wine cellar.
Stairs lead down to seating and lecture area.
Stairs lead down to the crypt which once held the bones of the saint.
Stairs lead down to the lagoon and a dock.
Stairs lead down to the main east - west spine corridor.
Stairs lead from one story to the other.
Stairs lead from the entrance hall to the second floor.
Stairs lead from the first floor to the roof top sun terraces.
Stairs lead from the first level to the basement Auditorium, and to the second floor.
Stairs lead from the lower level down to the nearby beach and excellent snorkeling.
Stairs lead from the spacious dining terrace to a lower sun-terrace and continue right to the beach.
Stairs lead through a penetration in the ceiling to a bifurcated entry to the second level.
Stairs lead through dark passages, down to dungeons deep under the Earth.
Stairs lead to a galleried bedroom with single beds.
Stairs lead to a mezzanine area with a bar, a seating area and a gallery.
Stairs lead to an upper level hallway and a full bath and two bedrooms.
Stairs lead to both building entrances.
Stairs lead to second floor galleries.
Stairs lead to the beach.
Stairs lead to the cave entrance above the overhang.
Stairs lead to the common area with BBQ, community pool and large garden.
Stairs lead to the front of the theater.
Stairs lead to the large flat roof which offers spectacular views.
Stairs lead to the roof that is roped off around the perimeter.
Stairs lead to the roof, with views of the mountains and to the sea.
Stairs lead to the shrine in the head.
Stairs lead to the top, where the bells remain silent.
Stairs lead to the upper floor as well as to the basement.
Stairs lead to the upper sun deck.
Stairs lead up from here, and the walls change from gray to red.
Stairs lead up from the living room to the bedroom level.
Stairs lead up to a mezzanine in the loft which serves as a third bedroom.
Stairs lead up to a mezzanine with more tables draped in red on white tablecloths.
Stairs lead up to a sleeping loft with a queen size bed and a second bathroom.
Stairs lead up to the hostel and the bar next door.
Stairs lead up to the next floor.
Stairs lead up to the third floor roof deck which is built to support a hot tub and roof garden.
Stairs lead up to the third floor.
Stairs lead up toward the mountain, where the majority of the town's population lived.
Stairs leading to an upper level add an extra dimension as well as an alternative acting area.
Stairs leading to the bridge are easy to ascend.
Stairs now offer angled risers.
Stairs now support sloping risers, another top item on the wish list.
Stairs provide access to the beach area.
Stairs provide access to the cab where most controls are identified.
Stairs provide easy access to or from the creek.
Stairs provide easy access to the paved path around the lake.
Stairs provide easy pool access.
Stairs provide safe and easy access to stage, and handrails provide the area with a safe enclosure.
Stairs represent a change in walking conditions for humans.
Stairs require proper returns on the handrails.
Stairs retain the wrought iron railing with oak banisters, a counterpoint to the old with the new.
Stairs run along both sides of the section.
Stairs run from SL to near center upstage.
Stairs separating the kitchen and living areas lead to the more confined and private bed chambers.
Stairs suddenly seem twice as long.
Stairs Take the second archway on the right to access the stairs.
Stairs often cost slightly more than flat installations.
All stairs vary so please indicate stair measurements.
More stairs lead up to the next floor with more patrolling guards.
Some stairs are part of abbeys.
Some stairs are part of architecture.
Some stairs are part of barns.
Some stairs are part of buildings.
Some stairs are part of bungalows.
Some stairs are part of cafes.
Some stairs are part of castles.
Some stairs are part of cathedrals.
Some stairs are part of churches.
Some stairs are part of convents.
Some stairs are part of coops.
Some stairs are part of cottages.
Some stairs are part of cowsheds.
Some stairs are part of farmhouses.
Some stairs are part of garages.
Some stairs are part of greenhouses.
Some stairs are part of hospitals.
Some stairs are part of hotels.
Some stairs are part of houses.
Some stairs are part of inns.
Some stairs are part of kennels.
Some stairs are part of ladders.
Some stairs are part of manors.
Some stairs are part of monasteries.
Some stairs are part of mosques.
Some stairs are part of observatories.
Some stairs are part of palaces.
Some stairs are part of pubs.
Some stairs are part of restaurants.
Some stairs are part of rinks.
Some stairs are part of skyscrapers.
Some stairs are part of stables.
Some stairs are part of staircases.
Some stairs are part of temples.
Some stairs are part of theaters.
Some stairs are part of theatres.
A staircase is an artifact
Staircase adapts to any stage.
Staircase isa artifact.
Staircases are located in apartment buildings.
Staircases are located in buildings.
Staircases are located in cellars.
Staircases are located in houses.
Staircases are located in mansions.
Staircases are located in schools.
Staircases are straight or winding.
Staircases are used for climbing.
Staircases are used for climbs.
Staircases are used for exercises.
Staircases go nowhere.
Staircases have (part) readsides.
Staircases have (part) sections.
Staircases have (part) stairs.
Staircases play an enormous role in Hitchcock's films.
Staircases replace escalators.
Some staircases are narrow or have steep ascents.
Some staircases are part of abbeys.
Some staircases are part of architecture.
Some staircases are part of barns.
Some staircases are part of buildings.
Some staircases are part of bungalows.
Some staircases are part of cafes.
Some staircases are part of castles.
Some staircases are part of cathedrals.
Some staircases are part of churches.
Some staircases are part of convents.
Some staircases are part of coops.
Some staircases are part of cottages.
Some staircases are part of cowsheds.
Some staircases are part of dairies.
Some staircases are part of farmhouses.
Some staircases are part of farms.
Some staircases are part of garages.
Some staircases are part of greenhouses.
Some staircases are part of hospitals.
Some staircases are part of hotels.
Some staircases are part of houses.
Some staircases are part of inns.
Some staircases are part of kennels.
Some staircases are part of manors.
Some staircases are part of monasteries.
Some staircases are part of mosques.
Some staircases are part of observatories.
Some staircases are part of palaces.
Some staircases are part of playgrounds.
Some staircases are part of pubs.
Some staircases are part of ranches.
Some staircases are part of restaurants.
Some staircases are part of rinks.
Some staircases are part of skyscrapers.
Some staircases are part of stables.
Some staircases are part of temples.
Some staircases are part of theaters.
Some staircases are part of theatres.
A stairway is an artifact
Stairways allow access to the yard area from the deck area.
Stairways also can be a problem.
Stairways are a necessary evil, second only to bathrooms in incidence of accidents.
Stairways are about the most dangerous.
Stairways are carpets and well-handrailed between the decks.
Stairways are generally about three feet wide, enclosed by fireproof walls.
Stairways are hard to design around.
Stairways are located in houses.
Stairways are located in office buildings.
Stairways are natural separators.
Stairways are part of buildings.
Stairways are particularly hazardous for the elderly.
Stairways are steep.
Stairways are structurally sound and provide excellent protection against falling debris.
Stairways are the same.
Stairways are to be kept uncluttered with the treads in good shape.
Stairways are to remain open at all times.
Stairways are used for escaping fire.
Stairways are windings.
Stairways become labyrinth, passage to amorous alcoves.
Stairways become rooms and storage areas.
Stairways connect each level which can be sealed off from the other by metal hatches.
Stairways have handrails in good condition.
Stairways have steps.
Stairways lead downward, alongside meticulously arranged gravel and colorful flowerbeds.
Stairways lead nowhere.
Stairways lead to the lower visitor areas.
Stairways lead to the upper two floor levels.
Stairways leap into space because of endless calculations.
Stairways Make sure that stairs are safe, uncluttered and in good repair.
Stairways pose threats as well.
Stairways succeed long corridors with uniform doors.
Stairwell doors are all one-hour fire rated.
A stairwell is a well
Stairwells allow troublemakers to hide and to come and go undetected.
Stairwells are excellent hiding places for predators.
Stairwells are horrible places to be alone and the perfect crime spot.
Stairwells are located in apartment buildings.
Stairwells are located in houses.
Stairwells are located in tall buildings.
Stairwells are structurally sound and offer protection from debris.
Stairwells are used for climbing.
Stairwells are used for stairs.
Stairwells are wells.
Stairwells can be traps as well as a way to save time or get some exercise.
Stairwells have stairs.
All stairwells contain emergency lighting.
All stairwells discharge directly to the outside of the building at the street level.
All stake holders are part of the process.
A stake is a share
Stake allows ground or post mounting.
Stake pikes as they mature.
Stake points at a desired elevation.
Stake stays tight to wire.
Stake turns as pounded in, preventing pull outs.
Stake wobbly stems.
Stakes add little weight.
Stakes also directs the institute's Local Government Seminar for Teachers.
Stakes are available for outside rat stations.
Stakes are better.
Stakes are big in international franchising.
Stakes are divided into wards .
Stakes are divided into wards.
Stakes are high and bargaining is tough.
Stakes are high both for politicians and for technology companies.
Stakes are high for all concerned.
Stakes are high for both companies.
Stakes are high for several reasons.
Stakes are high in the channel management game.
Stakes are high in the sometimes arcane statistical fight.
Stakes are high on both sides.
Stakes are high, in that a positive report can help a candidate into the front row for membership.
Stakes are high, indeed The stakes are stratospheric.
Stakes are high.
Stakes are higher .
Stakes are metal and strong enough to be placed into hard, somewhat rocky soil.
Stakes are much higher.
Stakes are part of pools.
Stakes are posts.
Stakes are right for all bankrolls.
Stakes are shafts.
Stakes are very high for the two parties.
Stakes can also be high for schools.
Stakes can be live or dead.
Stakes define perimeter and elevations in green shell.
Stakes help support the stem and protect the seedlings from rodent or bird damage.
Stakes indeed are very high.
Stakes indicate new perimeter.
Stakes indicate perimeter of new green.
Stakes Is High .
Stakes made of plastic or plastic-coated steel are available in various heights and colors.
Stakes provide substrate for filter-feeding animals that remove phytoplankton from the water.
Stakes roadbeds for reconstruction.
Stakes work just the same in a multi-player game.
Stakeholder analysis can radically change design acceptance criteria.
All stakeholder groups deserve a place at the table.
All stakeholder interests are different, but they all interrelate, too.
A stakeholder is a neutral
Stakeholders accept our high standards.
Stakeholders agree on trusted sources of objective data.
Stakeholders also have an interest in how the projects are planned.
Stakeholders also provide input into the administration of the product certification program.
Stakeholders also recognize that communication is key.
Stakeholders are all the groups of people who are affected by a product's success or failure.
Stakeholders are also concerned about the next generation of farmers.
Stakeholders are also important clients.
Stakeholders are also more likely to support changes which they have helped to shape.
Stakeholders are any interest with a stake in the consequences of the decision.
Stakeholders are aware of state-level efforts at developing educational standards .
Stakeholders are aware of the complexities of the change process .
Stakeholders are everywhere.
Stakeholders are human.
Stakeholders Are Identified and what values are at stake.
Stakeholders are much different from stockholders.
Stakeholders are neither stupid nor impotent.
Stakeholders are neutrals.
Stakeholders are the faculty who implement and the students who use instructional technology.
Stakeholders are the people who have a vested interest in the outcome of the project.
Stakeholders are vital to the success and growth of an organization.
Stakeholders assume collective responsibility for future direction of the domain.
Stakeholders become fiercely vocal and, if possible, force action.
Stakeholders can also include employees, people in the community, and politicians.
Stakeholders can also include regulatory agencies and community organizations.
Stakeholders can also provide information to the evaluation through their relevant peak bodies.
Stakeholders can also work directly with their elected officials.
Stakeholders can ensure and control optimal use of metadata and compliance to standards.
Stakeholders can experiment and tune their systems.
Stakeholders can provide some of the best information about the effect on law office processes.
Stakeholders come to agreement on the best way to go forward by finding common ground.
Stakeholders comprise local citizens and local and regional businesses.
Stakeholders conceptualize environmental issues differently.
Stakeholders create standards and thus the seeds of conflict are sown.
Stakeholders define the overlap between environmental and economic issues and recommend changes.
Stakeholders define the time and space circumstances covered by the decision.
Stakeholders develop their views with discovery.
Stakeholders express their interest in the resource via use conditions .
Stakeholders have a greater sense of ownership or interest in their issues.
Stakeholders have access to all levels of the process where their data is utilized.
Stakeholders have ample opportunities to communicate with and across constituencies.
Stakeholders have an interest in what happens as a result of the firm's activities.
Stakeholders have been organized, the community is fired-up, and the planning process begins.
Stakeholders have hard-won views they are dying to share.
Stakeholders includes customers, employees, communities, regulatory authorities and owners.
Stakeholders know what national standards are and how they're being set .
Stakeholders make their presence felt through the decisions of consumers, bankers and stockholders.
Stakeholders meet at least quarterly.
Stakeholders operationally prioritize elements of quality.
Stakeholders participate in a process designed to reform current principles.
Stakeholders play different roles based on their particular interest and information needs.
Stakeholders report satisfaction with the quality of the service.
Stakeholders represent different interests.
Stakeholders review and iterate the terms and taxonomy.
Stakeholders review newly entered artifacts with existing artifacts.
Stakeholders review the planning process.
Stakeholders say Colorado River Park can serve a lot of different needs.
Stakeholders see the software come to life before their eyes.
Stakeholders share responsibilities for restorative justice through partnerships for action.
Stakeholders share responsibility for restorative justice through partnerships for action.
Stakeholders stay involved in the process.
Stakeholders surface and understand issues by analyzing the prioritization poll.
Stakeholders surround a project like planets in the solar system.
Stakeholders There are many stakeholders in marine transportation safety.
Stakeholders typically are interested in both kinds of data.
Stakeholders typically focus on themselves, or their children, or loved ones.
Stakeholders typically personify particular business perspectives on the project.
Stakeholders understand and support the three programs of national science standards.
Stakeholders use and promote our services.
Stakeholders use the database in different ways.
Stakeholders value riparian vegetation for different reasons.
Stakeholders vary in both their demand for and valuation of different ecosystems services.
Stakeholders view the benefits they receive as the return on assets held in stewardship.
Stakeholders view the growth potential for intercity bus service as limited.
Stakeholders write user stories.
All stakeholders agree that prevention is a shared responsibility.
All stakeholders are accountable for making standards-based education work.
All stakeholders are aware of exam content.
All stakeholders are aware of promising prevention strategies .
All stakeholders are aware of the factors that influence alcohol and other drug use .
All stakeholders are equal.
All stakeholders are involved in preparing young people of Fort Worth for tomorrow s jobs.
All stakeholders are welcome to attend.
All stakeholders are welcome to review a copy of the school improvement plan.
All stakeholders can use the same language and data format.
All stakeholders can view project information in their Web browsers.
All stakeholders contribute to funding and policy making.
All stakeholders demonstrate collaborative qualities and attitudes .
All stakeholders get one vote for the candidate that is running for a board or council seat.
All stakeholders get one vote for the candidate that is running for a board seat.
All stakeholders have a say in planning a building, including maintenance and security personnel.
All stakeholders have a vested interest and an equal voice in the process.
All stakeholders have an active role in decision making.
All stakeholders know the general format of the exam.
All stakeholders participate as equal partners.
All stakeholders warrant the opportunity to participate in program management and implementation.
All stakeholders work collaboratively to support learning.
All stakeholders work together to bring about change.
All stakeholders work together to influence policy changes at the local and state level.
Many stakeholders are interested in adopting market-based approaches to habitat conservation.
Many stakeholders have the predominant role of advisor.
Many stakeholders have to be considered, such as school boards and the parent community.
Many stakeholders support reducing sulfur to ultra-low levels.
Most stakeholders do feel that retail choice in inevitable.
Some stakeholders are under-represented, namely youth and elderly.
A stakeout is surveillance
Stakeouts can display stored bitmap images, as well as live or captured camera images.
Stakes races are the highest levels of competition at the track.
Staking peonies is a good idea, especially if they tend to flop over by mid-summer.
Staking plants is sometimes required, especially is grown in partial shade.
A stalactite is a cylinder
Stalactite isa shape.
Stalactites are cone-shaped rock formations that form on cave floors.
Stalactites are cylinders.
Stalactites are formed by a slowly dripping solution of calcium carbonate mixed with other minerals.
Stalactites are iceclelike pendants of dripstones hanging from the cave ceilings.
Stalactites are icicle-like formations on the roof of caverns.
Stalactites are one of the many cave formations.
Stalactites are part of caves.
Stalactites are speleothems which form on the ceiling of a cave.
Stalactites are usually of calcite, and hang from the ceiling of cave passages.
Stalactites cascade from above like the frosted breath of hidden gods.
Stalactites cling tight to the ceiling of caves.
Stalactites decorate the ceiling.
Stalactites droop from on high, jabbing through the darkness.
Stalactites form an impressive backdrop along the left side of the fall.
Stalactites form by mineral rich water dripping from the cave ceiling.
Stalactites form from the ceiling down.
Stalactites form on the roof of a limestone cave.
Stalactites grow down from the cave ceiling, while stalagmites grow up from the cave floor.
Stalactites grow from the ceiling down.
Stalactites grow from the ceiling of a cave.
Stalactites hang from the ceiling and stalagmites form from the ground up.
Stalactites hang from the ceiling and water drips in the darkness.
Stalactites hang from the ceiling.
Stalactites hang from the soaring ceiling and stalagmites stand like totem poles.
Stalactites hang tight to the ceiling.
Stalactites point down from the mouldy roof like daggers, somehow defying gravity.
Stalactites suspend from cave roof tops as well as stalagmites.
Stalactites usually form from slow drips.
Some stalactites are part of caves.
Some stalactites are part of grottos.
A stalagmite is a cylinder
Stalagmites are always solid.
Stalagmites are cylinders.
Stalagmites are located in caves.
Stalagmites are mounds or tapering columns that rise up from the cave floor.
Stalagmites are part of caves.
Stalagmites are similar columns that grow from the cave's floor.
Stalagmites are the columns, which rise from the floor of the caves.
Stalagmites are the largest formations.
Stalagmites are the things that grow up.
Stalagmites build with distinct mounds and ridges on their way toward the ceiling.
Stalagmites can be one to three cups high.
Stalagmites form on the floors of some caves.
Stalagmites grow from the floor of limestone caves.
Stalagmites grow from the floor of the cave.
Stalagmites grow from the floor up.
Stalagmites grow on the cave floor beneath dripping stalactites.
Stalagmites grow only when the weather is warm and there is ample rain.
Stalagmites grow up from the floor of the cave from water that has dripped down.
Stalagmites grow up from the floor where mineral laden water drips from above.
Stalagmites only form if the cave floor is undisturbed by animals or flowing water.
Stalagmites rapidly turn into corallite crust formations which are hollow inside.
Stalagmites usually have a broader base and a blunter tip than the stalactites.
Stalagtite stoicism is bred deeper than the bone.
Stale air greets the wanderers as the one-eye flips the boulder from the entrance.
Stale air is eliminated from the bottom of the lungs.
Stale air is removed from kitchen, bathrooms and laundry areas.
Stale air remains trapped in the lungs, preventing the needed exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Stale air rises through a ventilator in the coach roof and also through the mast.
Stale beer attracts the slugs and they drown.
Stale beer is always a pleasant odour.
Stale bread makes the best french toast.
Stale cases are the hardest to make.
Stale cheese spread and cigarettes.
Stale chips are worthless.
Stale content undermines the best page design.
Stale feelings circle back and forth, Until they lose their magic worth.
Stale information detracts from the entire Web site.
Stale links are a bear.
Stale links are lame.
Stale sites are death .
Stale sites raise red flags.
Stale turnover is smallest.
Stale urine is called fual , or graith in Scotland.
Stale water can still cause a reduction in water consumption.
Stale water is always much safer than straight tap water.
A stalemate is a tie
Stalemates also result in a draw.
Staley professionals are eager to roll up their sleeves and get to work.
Stalk borer is a pest to corn and occasionally soybeans.
Stalk borers are an occasional pest of corn in Nebraska.
Stalk borers have one generation per year.
Stalk borers tunnel into corn stems above the soil surface or climb into the whorl.
Stalk borers tunnel into the aboveground portion of the corn plant.
Stalk borers tunnel into the above-ground portion of the corn plant.
Stalk destruction reduces survival.
A stalk is a material
Stalk is more rounded than flat.
Stalk is similarly hairy.
Stalk is tall with blue bell shaped flowers.
Stalk is tall with blue bell-shaped flowers.
Stalk is the filament, anther is the sac of pollen.
Stalk is usually one and a dalk to six feet tall with a tight inflorescence at the top.
Stalk is usually one and a half to six feet tall with a tight inflorescence at the top.
Stalk isa material.
Stalk isa stuff.
Stalk rot .
Stalk rot causes stalks to become weakened, so they fall over from wind, rain or snow.
Stalk rot developing from a crown infection.
Stalk rot diseases are a major threat.
Stalk rot fungi usually enter through the roots or through insect injuries.
Stalk rot organisms can then invade weakened and dying plant tissues.
Stalk rot phase is most important.
Stalk rot symptoms developing from European corn borer tunneling site.
Stalk rot's the main reason.
Stalks absorb enough water.
Stalks absorb water.
Stalks also appear to function to obtain nutrients from the water.
Stalks are barren.
Stalks are blue green in color.
Stalks are crimson red, shading a little to green on inside.
Stalks are gaits.
Stalks are highest in nitrate content, followed in order by leaves and grain in decreasing amounts.
Stalks are hunts.
Stalks are pale and marked in brown.
Stalks are pursuits.
Stalks are small in diameter or have a large surface area per unit of weight.
Stalks are square or five or six-sided, woody, and up to six or more feet tall.
Stalks are straight, tender and glossy in appearance.
Stalks are stunted.
Stalks are succulent and require considerable time to dry.
Stalks are thick and heavy, but tender without strings.
Stalks are yellow, large and thick without strings.
Stalks can also occur due to natural maturity of the plants.
Stalks can grow up to ten feet tall.
Stalks can hold a stunning amount of water.
Stalks change and become rice.
Stalks contain hentriacontane, taraxerone, taraxerol, b -sitosterol, and betulin.
Stalks fill in the empty spaces under the trophies.
Stalks have a very coarse like texture almost bumpy.
Stalks have crunchy texture.
Stalks have grooves.
Stalks have growth.
Stalks have leaves.
Stalks have one branch and three buds.
Stalks have production.
Stalks have seed production.
Stalks have structures.
Stalks have texture.
Stalks make plants.
Stalks produce alternate leaves.
Stalks produce flowers.
Stalks produce grain.
Stalks produce green leaves.
Stalks produce leaves.
Stalks produce seeds.
Stalks produce shape flowers.
Stalks provide delicious food.
Stalks provide enough food.
Stalks provide food.
Stalks reach height.
Stalks serve functions.
Stalks serve same functions.
Stalks support flowers.
Stalks support large leaves.
Stalks support leaves.
Stalks support solitary flowers.
All stalks starts at the same point of the shoot axis.
Any stalk rot can result in wilting and death of the plants.
Most stalks absorb enough water.
Most stalks absorb water.
Most stalks have crunchy texture.
Most stalks have grooves.
Most stalks have growth.
Most stalks have leaves.
Most stalks have production.
Most stalks have seed production.
Most stalks have structures.
Most stalks have texture.
Most stalks make plants.
Most stalks produce alternate leaves.
Most stalks produce flowers.
Most stalks produce green leaves.
Most stalks produce leaves.
Most stalks produce seeds.
Most stalks produce shape flowers.
Most stalks provide delicious food.
Most stalks provide enough food.
Most stalks provide food.
Most stalks reach height.
Most stalks serve functions.
Most stalks serve same functions.
Most stalks support large leaves.
Most stalks support solitary flowers.
Some stalk rot pathogens attack the plant early in the season while others attack late.
Some stalks contain juice.
Some stalks contain milky juice.
Some stalks contain pollen.
Some stalks contain spores.
Some stalks have flavour.
Some stalks have tips.
Some stalks soak in water.
Stalked ciliates are a type of protozoa that can be branched or unbranched.
Stalked ciliates are also capable of swimming freely.
Stalked ciliates are usually an indication of a stable activated sludge operation.
A stalker is a footer
Stalkers affect their victims lives in the same way.
Stalkers are another modern danger.
Stalkers are especially problematic for popular stars.
Stalkers are everywhere, and they are getting more and more organised.
Stalkers are hunters.
Stalkers are often masterful at terrorizing their victims.
Stalkers are often relatively indiscriminate.
Stalkers are pedestrians.
Stalkers are predatory criminals that encircle their prey and test their vulnerability.
Stalkers are usually harmless individuals who are infatuated with their victim.
Stalkers can be either male or female .
Stalkers can be either male or female.
Stalkers can be the ex-boyfriend, the estranged or divorced spouse or the unknown mystery person.
Stalkers can be very charming, persuasive, and intimidating.
Stalkers can be very persistent, especially domestic violence stalkers.
Stalkers can be white or black, rich or poor, employed or unemployed.
Stalkers can get sophisticated in the manner they deliver their threats.
Stalkers can many times materialize into serial predators.
Stalkers come from every soci-economic and educational background.
Stalkers display an obsessive personality.
Stalkers don t stop stalking because someone is nice.
Stalkers hate going out with a bad shot.
Stalkers have to be able to get in and out quickly.
Stalkers ignore the wishes of their victim and repeatedly overstep their boundaries.
Stalkers intimidate, harass, terrorize and control victims through various activites.
Stalkers prey on weak, vulnerable-looking people.
Stalkers range in age from teenagers to retirees.
Stalkers target public figures or celebrities, children, and sometimes even complete strangers.
Stalkers tend to be sophisticated and generally engage in long term conduct.
Stalkers tend to fall into two distinct categories.
Stalkers try to collect as many stones as possible without being caught.
Stalkers usually do.
Every stalker is different.
Many stalkers feel lightweight wellingtons fit the bill.
Many stalkers have a history of failed relationships.
Many stalkers suffer from delusions.
Most stalkers are men, but women stalk, too.
Some stalkers prey on students by E-mail.
Some stalkers slash tires, vandalize homes and threaten their victims with weapons.
Stalking are chasings.
Stall interiors are chew proof.
Most stall vendors accept cash only.
A stall is a compartment
Stall isa room.
Stalls allow farmers to provide individual care and feed for each calf on a regular basis.
Stalls are a non-event, and have to be encouraged.
Stalls are adjustable to various sizes with eight foot floor to ceiling clearance.
Stalls are allocated based on date entry is received by secretary.
Stalls are an important part of every safe landing.
Stalls are available after dark on a first come first serve basis.
Stalls are available for horses that are ill.
Stalls are available for shows and also for overnight boarders.
Stalls are available for student's horses.
Stalls are available on location.
Stalls are available.
Stalls are booths.
Stalls are clean, require no bedding and provide an economic use of space.
Stalls are compartments.
Stalls are farm buildings.
Stalls are gentle.
Stalls are good, pizza coupon on the floor.
Stalls are limited.
Stalls are located in barns.
Stalls are located in bathrooms.
Stalls are located in markets.
Stalls are located in public bathrooms.
Stalls are located in public restrooms.
Stalls are located in restrooms.
Stalls are malfunctions.
Stalls are obstructions.
Stalls are part of stables.
Stalls are part of stalls.
Stalls are seating.
Stalls are small, cramped.
Stalls are still there for the cows.
Stalls are straight ahead, and recovery with power is fairly quick.
Stalls are twice as bad as objections.
Stalls are used for horses.
Stalls are used for reads.
Stalls are very gentle and always broke straight forward.
Stalls are very gentle, with no tendency to drop a wing.
Stalls cause the screen to shake and the plane to make shuddering sounds.
Stalls enable producers to monitor sows individually and control their feed intake.
Stalls fail because of no lunge space, poor neck rail placement, lack of cushion.
Stalls have (part) bases.
Stalls have (part) ceilings.
Stalls have (part) doorways.
Stalls have (part) floors.
Stalls have (part) room light.
Stalls have (part) sections.
Stalls have (part) walls.
Stalls offer everything from exotic foods to T-shirts, pottery and a land lottery.
Stalls offer local handicrafts and hair braiding, and tents on the beach feature massage treatment.
Stalls offer pomelos, pastries and other festive fare.
Stalls sell everything from fruit and veg to clothes and electrical goods.
Stalls sell handicrafts as well as food.
Stalls selling each good seem to concentrate in their own specific areas of the market.
Stalls tend to occur more easily and the recovery takes longer.
Stalls vary from clothing to hardware to jewellery to music to plants.
Stalls vary in size.
All stalls are full care and include cleaning and turn-out.
All stalls are outdoor and limited.
All stalls are outside on hardstanding.
All stalls have a baked on powder coated finish in gunmetal gray.
All stalls have automatic waterers.
Every stall has an open front so that each horse can see one another and feel a part of the herd.
Many stalls display bogus street-trading licences.
Many stalls specialise in bootleg music cassettes.
Many stalls surely appear in a place of festival.
Most stalls are part of stables.
Most stalls have openings above the front and side wall partitions for ventilation.
Some stalls are open until early in the morning to cater to regular customers.
Some stalls are open until late in the morning to cater for regular customers.
Some stalls just specialize in fish, others in poultry.
Some stalls specialize in sending Dutch bulbs overseas.
Some stalls stay open into the early evening.
Stalling are shelterings.
Stallings continues the tradition of fine singing with enough swing to stir the soul.
Stallings definitely knows something about winning on the collegiate level.
Stallings downplays the settlement s impact on boating.
Stallings drains three in corner off inbounds pass.
Stallings feels it is important to continually study the game.
Stallings has anew bank building going in.
Stallings has good taste, after all.
Stallings has no problem with the favorite's role.
Stallings has one of the greatest personalities in all of baseball.
Stallings has six newbies.
Stallings is a consultant, lecturer and author on data communications and networking topics.
Stallings is a robust, hard-swinging, entertaining singer.
Stallings is a student of the finer points of squash.
Stallings is a wonderful author.
Stallings is formidable.
Stallings is one of just three incumbents left on a council that has six new faces.
Stallings is only one tragicomic symptom.
Stallings makes a living as a house painter.
Stallings offers a wide range of housing types and styles.
Stallings owns one of the best distance track records by a West Texas boys high school runner.
Stallings resigns soon afterward.
A stallion is a male horse
Stallion has offices in Australia, USA and Germany.
Stallion has offices in USA and Australia.
Stallion has offices in USA Germany and Australia.
Stallion has offices in USA, Germany and Australia.
Stallion Shuttling Is there a future .
Stallion throws black colts.
Stallions are a whole other ball game.
Stallions are also dangerous.
Stallions are always harder to fence than mares or geldings.
Stallions are available on site.
Stallions are available to outside mares.
Stallions are capable of achieving a high level of discipline and training.
Stallions are easier to work on in a veterinary clinic or neutral site.
Stallions are either solitary or they live in groups of two or three.
Stallions are extremely dominant and full of energy and play.
Stallions are hormone driven and can be dangerously powerful creatures.
Stallions are horses.
Stallions are located in fields.
Stallions are male animals.
Stallions are more likely than mares to be solitary, especially during the rut season.
Stallions are often misunderstood and given bad press.
Stallions are part of horses.
Stallions are rambunctious.
Stallions are solitary and very territorial.
Stallions are unable to breed until they have gained control of a herd.
Stallions are unusually temperamental and unpredictable, particularly around mares in season.
Stallions are very territorial about their own personal space.
Stallions are welcome only if they consistently act like gentlemen.
Stallions are, by far, the most enthusiastic equine practitioners of the flehmen posture.
Stallions breed When naked sluts are loose.
Stallions can come to try and herd mares away, but there is no guarantee of success.
Stallions compete with one another to lay claim to a harem.
Stallions defending a territory are dominant but tolerate subordinate males.
Stallions differ in the viability and progressive motility of their stored sperm.
Stallions differ in their attitudes toward collection due to personality traits and libido.
Stallions do it Deeper.
Stallions examine nasal and genital areas of other asses for scent information.
Stallions exhibit a proud boldness through a well-arched crest.
Stallions fight for dominance in the herd in order to reproduce.
Stallions have a large effect on the horse population, so stallion testing is essential.
Stallions have a moderate crest.
Stallions have a reduced sperm production.
Stallions have but one X chromosome, which passes to their daughters.
Stallions have lots of problems that can identified and treated.
Stallions have no mammary structures at all.
Stallions live peacefully in bachelor herds in the wild and in natural management settings.
Stallions make a high-pitched alarm call or snort to alert herd members to danger.
Stallions standing at each farm are cross linked to their respective pedigree pages.
Stallions tend to bite more often than geldings.
Stallions tend to have a more fully developed crest than either a mare or gelding.
Stallions tend to pass on their talent for handling the turf or the mud.
Stallions vary in how they react to foaling mares.
Stallion usually walk behind.
Stallions usually display acute signs of colic, and a cool, enlarged testicle on one side.
All stallions are very oral and like to nibble and bite on anything available.
All stallions stand with a live foal guarantee with return the next year.
Every stallion has two names, the sire's name and the dame's name.
Every stallion has two names, the sire's name and the dam's name.
Most stallions rely on hay to meet forage needs because breeding studs are housed individually.
Most stallions tolerate the procedure quite well.
Some stallions also have a higher conception rate in a pasture mating program.
Some stallions become distracted or less interested in breeding as the season progresses.
Some stallions bite a lot, so a protective leather neck wrap is put on their mares.
Some stallions do very well in one brand and horrible in another.
Some stallions hate to breed maiden mares.
Some stallions just have a low fertility.
Some stallions seem to outsmart even veterinary science.
Stalwart lighthouses punctuate our journey throughout the day.
Stalworth consultants work aggressively to meet project deadlines and exceed client expectations.
Stamen are bright red when in bloom.
A stamen is a reproductive structure
Stamen isa plant part.
Stamens alternate with the petals.
Stamens are numerous and attached to the rim of the hypanthium.
Stamens are numerous and tangled together.
Stamens are numerous, sometimes coherent in bundles.
Stamens are of considerable importance in classifying plants.
Stamens are often pink.
Stamens are part of flowers.
Stamens are separated into anthers, which produce pollen, and filaments.
Stamens are subequal in length.
Stamens are ten with bright orange anthers.
Stamens are the male parts and carpels are the female parts.
Stamens are the male reproductive organs of flowers.
Stamens are the male reproductive parts of flowers.
Stamens are the most conspicuous part of the flower.
Stamens are the part of the flower that produces pollen.
Stamens are the pollen producing structures.
Stamens are the same size of the petals or shorter.
Stamens become Corinthian columns, butterfly scales stun with their remarkable mosaics.
Stamens consist of filament.
Stamens consist of long filament.
Stamens contain pollen.
Stamens contain viable pollen.
Stamens have (part) anthers.
Stamens have (part) sections.
Stamens have filament.
Stamens have hairy filaments and yellow anthers.
Stamens mature before ovary.
Stamens possess anthers.
Stamens produce male sex cells in the pollen grain.
Stamens produce microspores that later develop into pollen grains that contain male gametophytes.
Stamens produce pistils.
Stamens produce pollen grains, which contain two sperm cells, while carpels contain the egg cells.
Stamens produce pollen pistils.
Stamens produce pollen.
Many stamens are near the base and branching pistils are near the top of the flower.
Most stamens consist of filament.
Most stamens consist of long filament.
Most stamens contain pollen.
Most stamens contain viable pollen.
Most stamens have filament.
Most stamens produce pistils.
Most stamens produce pollen pistils.
Most stamens produce pollen.
Some stamens are part of anemones.
Some stamens are part of angiosperms.
Some stamens are part of blossoms.
Some stamens are part of bluebottles.
Some stamens are part of buds.
Some stamens are part of carnation.
Some stamens are part of catkins.
Some stamens are part of daisies.
Some stamens are part of dicotyledons.
Some stamens are part of florets.
Some stamens are part of flowers.
Some stamens are part of helianthuses.
Some stamens are part of marigolds.
Some stamens are part of monocots.
Some stamens are part of orchids.
Some stamens are part of poppies.
Some stamens are part of snapdragons.
Some stamens are part of snowdrops.
Some stamens are part of sunflowers.
Some stamens are part of vanillas.
Some stamens are part of wildflowers.
Some stamens become concern.
Some stamens consist of slender stalks.
Some stamens consist of stalks.
Some stamens contain anthers.
Some stamens emerge from middles.
Some stamens produce grain.
Some stamens produce pollen grain.
Some stamens surround green carpels.
A stamina is endurance
Stamina isa strength.
More stamina means stronger hits.
Staminal filaments connate.
Staminate flowers appear singly or in clusters of two to three at the base of a short, green branch.
Staminate flowers are generally tetramerous, but there is variability.
Staminate flowers are home in naked catkins developing from leaf axils of the previous year.
Staminate flowers are male flowers, having stamens but no functional female parts.
Staminate flowers develop in groups of three at each bract.
Staminate flowers fasciculate and petaliferous, pistillate flowers solitary and apetalous.
Staminate flowers form short clusters and pistillate flowers are crowded into spherical heads.
Staminate flowers have two rings of five stamens each borne on a stalk.
Staminate flowers occur, in which the gynoecium is very small, but the stamens are of normal length.
Staminate heads have all male flowers.
Staminate inflorescences are axillary clusters of two to eight flowers on current year's spurs.
Staminate plants tend to flower up to one month earlier than pistillate plants.
Staminate plants tend to have yellow flowers that quickly fade after pollen release.
A stammerer is a speaker
Most stammerers can speak perfectly well, and manage to do so most of the time.
A stamp album is an album
Stamp albums come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Stamp catalogs list the retail value of a stamp at the time when the catalog is published.
Stamp catalogue is basically the price list of a dealer.
Every stamp catalogue shows an estimated value for every stamp it lists.
Stamp clubs are another place to get stamps.
A stamp collecting is a collection
Stamp collecting becomes easier, which allows more concentration on the hobby.
Stamp collecting can be a business, an art form or even a topic of conversation.
Stamp collecting can be fun and educational for kids.
Stamp collecting is a disease, and it can become terminal.
Stamp collecting is a great hobby.
Stamp collecting is a great past-time for a kid who's stuck in bed, and it's educational, too.
Stamp collecting is a hobby.
Stamp collecting is also highly educational.
Stamp collecting is one of the most popular hobbies in the world.
A stamp collection is a collection
Stamp collections can consist of dozens or sometimes thousands of the small bits of paper.
Most stamp collections take a hefty beating when sold to a dealer.
A stamp collector is a collector
Stamp collectors are a cross section of our society.
Stamp collectors are happy, too.
Stamp collectors are philatelists.
Stamp collectors become conspiracy theorists overnight.
Stamp collectors gather twice monthly to discuss stamps, trade, and sell.
Stamp collectors have many sites to choose from.
Stamp collectors place special value on specimens well centered with extra wide margins.
Stamp collectors unite to trade and sell.
Stamp collectors use special tools and materials to protect their collectibles.
Any stamp collectors are welcome to attend a meeting.
Every stamp collector uses a stamp catalog.
Many stamp collectors are quite knowledgeable fans of the arts.
Many stamp collectors save only used stamps.
Most stamp collectors are catalog shoppers.
A stamp dealer is a dealer
Stamp dealers sell millions of dollars' worth of stamps and supplies annually.
Many stamp dealers send out stamps on approval.
Stamp design is for illustration purposes only.
Stamp designs keep changing.
Stamp designs vary.
All stamp designs are relevant to the islands themselves.
A stamp duty is a tax
Stamp duties are also significant.
Stamp duties are bad taxes.
Stamp duty has the effect of discouraging speculative purchases of assets by decreasing liquidity.
Stamp duty is also payable on conveyances including transfer of property from an estate.
Stamp duty is an obstacle both to trading up and to trading down.
Stamp duty is an outdated transaction tax that has no place in a modern interconnected economy.
Stamp duty is calculated by reference to the subject matter of the transaction.
Stamp duty is chargeable on a lease.
Stamp duty is payable on hiring arrangements by the owner of the goods hired.
Stamp duty is payable on the total purchase price including any part deferred for later payment.
Stamp duty is payable on the total purchase price no matter how many people are buying the property.
Stamp duty is payable on the value of the land and building as at the date of the contract of sale.
Stamp duty is payable when the agreement is signed.
Stamp duty varies from state to state.
Stamp hinges are thin rectangular pieces of paper which are used to hold stamps in an album.
Stamp hinges are used by stamp collectors to put postage stamps onto the pages of  the stamp album.
Stamp of approval is viewed as important to other programs, agencies on campus.
Stamp seals suggest private ownership.
Stamp shows are another great place to enjoy the hobby.
Stamp shows are another way of collecting rare or hard to find stamps.
A stamp is a category
Stamp are except either four hence rule fly tying how tos.
Stamp badges with arrival date, time automatically generated, incremental serial numbers.
Stamp can accomplish more with a slight facial expression than many actors with volumes of dialogue.
Stamp collecting supplies are easily attainable from a number of sources.
Stamp depicts a map of the U.S. and a lamp.
Stamp designs onto the center of the pillow, stamping over the painter's tape.
Stamp designs over the finished background.
Stamp hold Three along cloud under some knife sharpening equipment otherwise stored through the car.
Stamp is affixed on the picture side of the card.
Stamp leaves around the flowers.
Stamp leaves close to sunflower image.
Stamp looks wistful for a second.
Stamp now has four pickoffs in the past four games.
Stamp prepare Creature on few tear through several passenger.
Stamp proverbce Distance beyond an fashion among any examination.
Stamp realizes the impact of the Internet in the classroom.
Stamp says with a laugh.
Stamp seize toward whatever skill yet enter vacation spots.
Stamp transfer a precise layer of material.
Stamp walk beside most rupp snowmobiles.
Stamps also are available at selected town clerks' offices.
Stamps are a popular souvenir.
Stamps are a problem.
Stamps are a time-tested method of asserting property and commerce rights.
Stamps are a way of prepaying for postage.
Stamps are about history.
Stamps are also available at some book shops.
Stamps are also unique and collected by philatelists all over the world.
Stamps are also very popular as gifts, as stamp-collecting is a popular hobby in China.
Stamps are also welcome.
Stamps are another inexpensive and colorful keepsake.
Stamps are authentic and in mint condition.
Stamps are available at post offices, bookstores and kiosks.
Stamps are available at post offices, bookstores and paper shops, kiosks, railway and bus stations.
Stamps are available at post offices, in stamp machines outside post offices, or in shops.
Stamps are available at the post offices and tobacconists.
Stamps are available from a stamp machine located next to the mailroom.
Stamps are available from hotels, slot machines and post offices.
Stamps are available from many hotels as well.
Stamps are available from post offices and many shops and stores.
Stamps are available from post offices and shops.
Stamps are available from post offices and tobacconists.
Stamps are available from post offices as well as many newsagents and service stations.
Stamps are available from post offices, book and paper shops, stations and hotels.
Stamps are available from the gift shop or the mobile gift cart.
Stamps are available from the post office and all front desks.
Stamps are available from tobacconists as well as post offices.
Stamps are available in classic motifs but their seasonal and holiday stamps are exceptional.
Stamps are available in post offices , open usually open from approx.
Stamps are available in the gift shop .
Stamps are available in thousands, yes thousands, of patterns and pictures.
Stamps are available to come and go from the event.
Stamps are available to the congregations on consignment.
Stamps are available via email offers and auction.
Stamps are cheaper than bullets and can be more effective.
Stamps are classes.
Stamps are colour or black and white scand before shipping.
Stamps are deductible.
Stamps are delicate pieces of paper and they are easy to ruin.
Stamps are dies.
Stamps are easy to tear when separating from the sheet.
Stamps are especially helpful.
Stamps are everywhere and feature something of interest to virtually anyone.
Stamps are far easier to conceal in a letter than currency.
Stamps are fascinating.
Stamps are flexible to curve around most surfaces.
Stamps are fun and informative.
Stamps are located in cabinets.
Stamps are located in desks.
Stamps are located in drawers.
Stamps are located in mail.
Stamps are located in suitcases.
Stamps are machines.
Stamps are non-refundable.
Stamps are now available.
Stamps are of commercial quality and are mounted on solid wooden pads with wooden handles.
Stamps are often available at front desks of hotels and motels and at selected newsagents.
Stamps are often available at front desks of hotels and motels and at selected retail outlets.
Stamps are often available at hotel and motel reception areas and selected newsagents.
Stamps are only available to registered and bonded businesses.
Stamps are part of batteries.
Stamps are postages.
Stamps are preferable.
Stamps are rather limited.
Stamps are small and beads are sometimes represented only sketchily.
Stamps are small, and it takes many to make a good collection.
Stamps are still in the original envelopes.
Stamps are symbols.
Stamps are used for postages.
Stamps are valid during the calendar year in which they are sold and throughout the following year.
Stamps are, in essence, a gift certificate.
Stamps become a permanent part of that document.
Stamps Buy postage online.
Stamps can be miniature works of art, treasured keepsakes, and rare collectibles.
Stamps celebrating the Olympics continue to be popular with the American public.
Stamps chart a nation's future.
Stamps code on bar to indicate alloy and heat number.
Stamps come in different size rolls and sheet configurations.
Stamps come in perforated sheets.
Stamps come packaged in clear poly bag with index card to show design.
Stamps commemorating mathematical congresses often use eye-catching figures to draw attention.
Stamps cost what they cost.
Stamps is an internet only business.
Stamps is our business, our only business.
Stamps is stamps and business is business.
Stamps issued during Israel's first year tell an interesting story.
Stamps look more like a personal letter.
Stamps make adding information to a note that already exists in the Newton a breeze.
Stamps make any letter or piece of paper special.
Stamps never expire.
Stamps pose choke hazard.
Stamps reflect history.
Stamps reflect the culture and personalities of a nation.
Stamps shell data on cartridge, using rubber stamp or stamping machine.
Stamps shell data on tubes, dips tubes in molten paraffin, and packs tubes in crates.
Stamps work .
Stamps work better than metered mail.
All stamp kits shown to the left includes an ink two color dauber.
All stamps are as described.
All stamps are authentic and in mint condition.
All stamps are available.
All stamps are in excellent condition.
All stamps are in fine or better condition.
All stamps are in fine to very fine condition and in complete sets except where described otherwise.
All stamps are in mint condition.
All stamps are original and in mint condition.
All stamps are private, non-commercial, hand stamped use only.
All stamps are saleable including flag, commemoratives, foreign and high monetary value.
All stamps are unmounted perforated mint unless stated.
All stamps can be custom made as a rubber stamp, pre-inked, or self inking stamp.
Many stamps do illustrate both a microscope and a microscopic subject.
Many stamps have acid gums.
Many stamps portray the country's king or queen.
Most stamps also contain the name of the person or subject portrayed.
Most Stamps show pictures of people and places from around the world.
Some stamps are historical, while others make social statements.
Some stamps are very valuable.
Some stamps have one perf.
Stamped approval is required.
Stamped designs show up best on colored bars.
Stamped holes make mounting easy.
Stamped kits are different.
Stamped kits are often baby designs.
Stamped knives are lightweight.
Stamped mail is likely to get opened faster than metered mail.
Stamped signatures are unacceptable.
A stampede is a group action
Stampede is still in a beta release stage.
Stampedes are what people pray for.
A stamper is a workman
Stamper takes hundreds of pills to combat chronic fatigue, nausea and diabetes.
Stampers are located in cabinets.
Stampers are pedestrians.
Stampers are workmans.
Stampers focus on different aspects of the art.
Stampers use large drawers to hold paper, small drawers for stamps and ink.
Some stampers prefer to lay the stamp face up on the table and apply the pad to the stamp.
Stampings are shaping.
Stamplynx Home Pick a subject.
A stance is a position
Stance is narrower than a full shot.
Stance is narrower than for a full swing.
Stance is next.
Stance is well balanced due to a strong skeleton.
Stance isa posture.
Stances are generally high, and steps natural.
Stances are natural, toe to heel, without wasted motion or major body shifting.
Stances are positions.
Stances are upright and natural, with the feet normally being no wider than shoulder width.
All stances obviously involve tensions on both the insides and the outsides of the legs.
All stances start from here.
Every stance can be 'short cut'.
Every stance is an attitude.
A stanchion is a post
Stanchions are in mounted on very strong bases and can support substantial loads.
Stanchions are posts.
Stanchions are the posts that support the lifelines.
Stanchions circle a vast open core.
Some stanchions are two-piece affairs with separate bases and upright posts.
Stand density affects growth.
Stand water increases likelihood.
A stand is support
Stand is black painted wood.
Stand is turned and painted.
Stand lists a few does and don'ts.
Stands appear brownish or scorched immediately after a season of defoliation.
Stands are albums.
Stands are available for sale or can be returned after the event at no charge.
Stands are available in a variety of styles and finishes.
Stands are available in round, square or hexagonal base designs.
Stands are available with and without lockable cabinets and drawers.
Stands are available with or without drawers.
Stands are avalable, but are difficult to obtain.
Stands are books.
Stands are both forested and non-forested.
Stands are custom built to order.
Stands are defense.
Stands are easier to get than with the common crimson clover.
Stands are especially vulnerable because the fungus spreads from tree to tree through the roots.
Stands are excellent.
Stands are extensive in northwestern Wyoming.
Stands are furniture.
Stands are generally good.
Stands are good and weed control is adequate.
Stands are good.
Stands are improved, plants are healthier, and overall crop performance is improved.
Stands are just outside the baggage claim.
Stands are located in markets.
Stands are more dense than can be supported given limited water and soil nutrients.
Stands are now denser leaving less room for ingrowth into the lower diameter class.
Stands are often small.
Stands are only for genuine art works, no mass manufactured, imported or antique goods.
Stands are part of ballparks.
Stands are part of stadiums.
Stands are poor and much of the wheat is dying.
Stands are poor, plants appear sickly, and leaves wilt and die.
Stands are positions.
Stands are pretty much on the right field side of stadium.
Stands are quite heavy.
Stands are skippy and plant height and width is highly variable in many fields.
Stands are slow to develop from seed.
Stands are still even.
Stands are stops.
Stands are tables.
Stands are universally good, color dark, and the plants well rooted.
Stands are vegetation.
Stands are very uneven in most areas.
Stands are vinyl coated and metal upright is nickel plated.
Stands become thin as infected plants die.
Stands can last for many years if managed to allow natural reseeding.
Stands can represent transition zones between two types.
Stands cause stands.
Stands Check back soon for complete details or visit our downloadable literature section.
Stands come in a semi-flat black enamel finish.
Stands entering the winter with elevated crowns are likely to suffer above average winterkill.
Stands extend over more than four million ha.
Stands fill up early on the best race nights.
Stands generally fare poorly in hot, dry weather.
Stands look good and yields are anticipated to be average to above average.
Stands look good, although plants are yellow and stressed.
Stands look very good, and few pest problems have been reported.
Stands mat on ends to form cylinder or positions mat around circular form.
Stands protect from the worst excesses of the weather.
Stands provide cover to mammals such as moose and snowshoe hares.
Stands provide cover, nesting sites, and food for many species of birds and mammals.
Stands provide thermal cover for white-tailed deer, moose, and black bear.
Stands ramrod straight.
Stands range from the average style to a one shaped like a sleigh.
Stands starting and ending on roads double their movement.
Stands watch to observe behavior of captured mammals.
Stands often create microclimates.
Stands usually change as site conditions change.
Stands usually regenerate following synchronized dieback of the canopy cohort.
Stands usually support a number of different species.
All stands are canvas-covered with velcro closures.
All stands are preset.
All stands come in either clear or black.
All stands have an x-ray monitor feedback loop to assist in keeping the gage constant.
All stands use the same set of display scripts.
Many stands also offer freshly pressed hot and cold cider.
Many stands come complete with belts or harnesses.
Many stands have chronic mortality despite normal precipitation.
Most stands also have food plots to enhance deer nutrition and increase antler growth.
Most stands are at the kernel milk stage.
Most stands are excellent.
Most stands are field checked and their characteristics described.
Most stands are in the shade most of the day.
Most stands are now overmature with little or no recruitment due to heavy ungulate browsing.
Most stands have large, creamy white heads of Florida-grown cauliflower.
Most stands have plenty of Florida-grown green beans.
Most stands initiate from some kind of disturbance.
Most stands look good, except for some fields with seedling disease problems.
Most stands look very good.
Some stands are already in place.
Some stands are more useful than others, which leaves the game a little unbalanced.
Some stands are thin due to the dry conditions during planting.
Some stands cost thirty million dollars.
Some stands have picnic spots.
Some stands have top plates with holes that provide for spikes.
Standard abbreviations are in the undergraduate bulletin.
Standard abbreviations are preferred.
Standard accessories allow any household surfaces to be cleaned.
Standard accessories store in a convenient zip-top pouch.
Standard accommodation is a twin room with w.c.
Standard accommodation is either family or residential.
Standard accommodation is in double rooms, but singles are also available.
Standard accommodation is similar in effect to a make-up test.
Standard accommodations are double occupancy or bunkroom accommodation.
Standard accommodations are two people per room.
Standard accommodations offer single rooms arranged in a flat with one other room.
Standard account features The standard account is for users with more advanced needs.
Standard accounts are for a single user only.
All standard accounts have a setup fee equivalent to one month's fee.
All standard accounts offer two months free with annual prepayment.
Standard accumulators are for use with petroleum base fluids.
Standard actions are add, delete, replace.
Most standard administrations last two to three hours.
Standard advertisers appear in lower tier.
Standard advertisers appear in only subcategories.
Standard advertising is done through the mass media.
Standard advice is wrong.
Standard agents are available that model most common deployment activities.
Standard agreements are available.
Standard agreements are now in use by most academic institutions in North America.
Standard algorithm is used without edge enhancement.
Standard aliases dominate all other types of directory mapping.
Standard amenities are a single sinks and bath-shower combos.
Standard american diets lack nutrients.
Standard analysis is offered free of charge.
Standard answer depends on fossil record as noted earlier.
Standard answers are wrong.
Standard antacids neutralize stomach acid.
Most standard antidepressants are no more effective than light therapy.
Standard antifreeze is deadly to humans and animals.
Standard appeals are the only type of appeals heard by Contractors.
Standard applicants are of normal health status.
Many standard applications appear here.
Standard architecture requires a schedule telling the processor the order of tasks.
Standard arms adjust up and down with a button and width wise with a screw wheel.
Standard arms are height adjustable and include oversized, urethane, tear drop shaped armrests.
Standard assessment scales for elderly people.
Standard attire is black.
Standard backdrops are eight feet high.
Standard backers are white or brown.
Standard baits employ wooden stakes and cardboard or paper as carriers for the toxins.
Standard bar comes with the wide plates and thick pads.
Standard bar eats, generally speaking.
Standard barrels are available from most skirmish sites who service and repair AEGs.
Standard batteries deteriorate quickly in cold weather.
Standard batteries weigh less but last for only about an hour.
Standard battery has short lifespan.
Standard bearers care for the banner when the group travels.
All standard bedrooms have a wash hand basin.
Some standard belts have capacity.
Standard bench is made of pine-beetle hole knotty pine.
All standard benefits apply.
Standard billing is by credit card.
Standard bindings support all-mountain riding styles, from beginners to core riders.
Standard blocks are available for straight walls, corners and lintels.
Standard blue indicates a non interactive behavioral state.
Standard boards review outline format.
Some standard books have CD-ROM or floppy disk supplements.
Standard bottles limit baby to a sucking motion using only their lips on the nipples.
Standard bowls are small, ideal for a short smoke.
Standard boxes come either bare aluminum or alodined gold.
Standard brands are in every major dept store.
Standard breadboard is made with a bunch of nasty chemical compounds.
All standard breeds are available.
Standard bubblers provide precursors for reaction.
All standard builds are limited to the carpet color and design currently on hand.
Standard buttons control the dialog box itself.
Standard bypass is optional.
Standard cabins are available during the summer months only.
Standard cabins are more rustic but cute.
Some standard cabins have wider lower berths and some have double lower berths.
Standard cabinets have doors similar in style to our instrument lids.
Standard cable is shielded with foil and aluminum braid.
Most standard cables are Molded, with thumbscrews.
Standard caliper is easy to operate.
All standard camera makes available.
Standard candles are celestial objects with known luminosities.
Standard canoes are fiberglass or other material.
Standard canvas deteriorates after a few years.
Standard captions are limited to text and restricted to either the bottom or top of the screen.
Standard cars cost less, so the insurance is lower.
Standard card faces with classic automobile images on card backs.
Standard card faces with contrasting cats on the card backs.
Standard card faces with racing train images on card backs.
Standard card faces.
Standard cards are one-sided with red and black or all black printing on white vellum paper.
Standard care includes watering, fertilizing, protecting against pests and diseases, and pruning.
Standard care is a treatment option that has been proven effective and is currently being used.
Standard care is supportive and directed toward specific complications.
Standard cases are UV light protected with rich, tan, colorfast material.
Standard category is an interior room with no window.
Standard CDs are bulk packaged on spindles without jewel cases unless jewel cases are requested.
A standard cell is a cell
Standard cells are a popular design style that makes layout generation easy.
Standard certificates are valid for five years and are renewable for additional five year terms.
Standard chains display all the listed contracts.
Standard chairs steer by the front wheels, which caster like shopping carts.
Standard characteristics allow for full penetrating tone quality.
Standard charge applies on longer-distance services.
Standard charge applies on other routes.
Standard charge is to be determined by the benefits paid by each municipality.
Standard charges apply.
Standard checklists help assure complete and efficient information gathering.
Standard chemotherapy has effects.
Standard chemotherapy has little effects.
Standard chemotherapy is added to directly attack tumor cells.
Standard chemotherapy is used by cancer patients.
Standard chemotherapy is used by patients.
Most standard chemotherapy has effects.
Most standard chemotherapy has little effects.
Most standard chemotherapy is used by cancer patients.
Most standard chemotherapy is used by patients.
Standard choices are less expensive than special items.
Standard class has a buffet car and food cart.
Standard classes are available and customized classes can be created.
Standard classes exist for wrapping primitive values inside of objects.
Standard classes have weekly two-hour sessions for six to twelve weeks.
All standard classrooms have four student data outlets and a TV outlet.
Standard cloning is when the DNA of an animal is inserted into an egg from the same species.
Standard closure is a zipper.
Standard clothing is light, tropical, and casual.
Standard clutch is included in prices.
Standard coasters provides mobility.
Standard coating is an industrial baked enamel.
Standard coils are just circular wire with no special properties.
Standard coins are about the size of a dime.
Standard collision pays for damages regardless of who is at fault.
Standard color is a black housing with white numbers.
Standard color is black but other colors can be custom ordered.
Standard color is black for matching any outfit.
Standard color is black.
Standard color is Black.
Standard color is blue, custom colors on request.
Standard color is blue.
Standard color is bronze, other colors available, white, gray, black.
Standard color is brown.
Standard color is chocolate brown.
Standard color is dark green though others can be specified.
Standard color is gloss black.
Standard color is gray, also available in blue.
Standard color is gray.
Standard color is green roof with white walls.
Standard color is green.
Standard color is grey hammertone baked enamel.
Standard color is grey.
Standard color is highway yellow.
Standard color is navy blue.
Standard color is purple.
Standard color is red.
Standard color is safety yellow.
Standard color is silver.
Standard color is white.
Standard colors are available in most garments.
Standard colors are black or white gelcoat fiberglass.
Standard colors are black or white.
Standard colors are black, bright white, and off white.
Standard colors are black, red, orange, brown and mustard.
Standard colors are black, white and natural, with custom colors available.
Standard colors are black, white and yellow.
Standard colors are black, white, and silver.
Standard colors are black, white, beige, navy blue, gray, and spruce green.
Standard colors are black, white, hunter green and bronze.
Standard colors are black, white, navy blue, royal blue, and teal.
Standard colors are blue frames with yellow, teal or blue safety tubes.
Standard colors are blue, beige, red, green and black.
Standard colors are blue, red, white, black, gray, brown and green.
Standard colors are bronze or clear anodized with optional painted shelters offered in any color.
Standard colors are brown and white.
Standard colors are gray and brown, can produce any custom color per order.
Standard colors are gray, brown, and cedar.
Standard colors are grey millstone and canyon black, with a choice of custom colors.
Standard colors are light grey and white.
Standard colors are medium gray, light gray and sand.
Standard colors are natural, ivory, linen, black, mode brown, peridot, olive, lavender, bronze.
Standard colors are normally in stock.
Standard colors are olive drab or gray.
Standard colors are red and black.
Standard colors are red or blue, for other colors see price list.
Standard colors are red, green, blue, yellow and white.
Standard colors are red, green, blue, yellow, white, black, dark orange, teal and light grey.
Standard colors are red, green, gold, blue and white.
Standard colors are red, white, or blue.
Standard colors are red, yellow and flo-yellow.
Standard colors are solid orange and ringed orange and white.
Standard colors are white and orange.
Standard colors are white characters on green background, white on blue, or black on white.
Standard colors are white outside.
Standard colors are white, almond, black, light gray, and brown.
Standard colors are white, black, gray, teak, weathered teak, oak redwood and green.
Standard colors are white, navy blue, blue, red, green and yellow.
Standard colors are yellow, black, orange, green, blue, white, and manila.
Standard colors have standard names.
All standard colors are available for use in the Matte Series.
All standard colors are available.
All standard colors are solid or trapped using process color inks.
Standard colour is black.
Many standard combinations are available.
Standard commands exist for creating arcs, circles, ellipses, lines and polylines.
All standard commands are in the temple except for panning views and the pause key.
Standard commission is paid to either recognized brokers or agencies only.
Standard commission is paid to recognized brokers and agencies only.
Standard commission is paid to recognized brokers only.
Standard commission is paid trecognized brokers only.
Standard commissions are available to advertising agencies.
Standard competition consists of performing predetermined commands within a specified drill area.
Standard compiler switches.
Many standard compilers are available.
Standard concentrations are automatically uploaded to minimize method maintenance time.
Standard conditions apply of course as per fax form .
Standard conditions can vary but are usually near ambient conditions.
Standard conditions vary by the industry and specifying authority.
Standard configuration allows for mission equipment and two pilots.
Standard configuration allows for mission equipment plus equipment operators and one or two pilots.
Standard configuration allows for mission equipment, two pilots, and one equipment operator.
Standard configuration allows for the mission equipment, two pilots, and one photographer.
Standard configuration has the three drivers wired parallel with an L-pad for each driver.
Standard configuration includes an optical link to the computer and on line barcode scanning.
Standard configuration is all sections solid.
Standard configuration is created and customer-specific features are added.
Standard configuration is tilt on left and lift on right.
Standard configuration provides seating for one pilot and six passengers.
Standard configurations allow connections only around their perimeters.
Standard configurations are readily available.
Standard configurations have availability features as part of the configuration.
Standard connection interfaces for the physical connection of equipment.
Standard connectors make cabling installation simple and cost-effective for the user.
Standard construction is with a cedar bottom and cedar slide-lift out tray.
Standard construction offers melamine interior finish.
Standard content holds standard items such as messages.
All standard content is available with sound.
Standard contracts offer a fixed royalty rate and a fixed royalty, or percentage.
Standard contracts specify the general terms and conditions under which power is to be purchased.
Standard contractions are acceptable.
Standard control is foot switch.
Standard control valves is a stack type with relief valves supplied loose for remote mounting.
Standard convention is four lines maximum.
Standard convention is to use all lowercase file names.
Standard cookies offer minimal relief but are very limiting in the amount of data they can store.
Standard costs vary from student to student because each student is an individual case.
Standard cottages are available during the summer months only.
Standard courses are available for either half-day introductions or full day intensive courses.
Standard courses are color coded for easy reference, as listed below.
Standard courses spend only the first days, or less, on mastering the alphabet.
Standard coursework is reinforced through realistic, case-study based project work.
Standard cover is perforated for use with fuel.
Standard covers are for letter or legal size inserts.
Most standard cruises are inexpensive.
Standard cubbies sold by major manufacturers are effective and attractive.
Standard cuffs are relatively narrow in width and are cylindrical in shape.
Standard cultures can take several days.
Standard curves fit most china cabinets.
Many standard curves occur as sinusoidal spirals.
Standard databases divide the data up into records of fields.
Standard data is as fundamental as standard ammunition or fuel.
Standard deductions are also on the rise.
Standard deductions are high enough that less than one out of three taxpayers itemize deductions.
Standard deductions are take from each check, except for independent contractors.
Standard delivery is approximately one to two weeks from date of purchase.
Standard delivery is assumed.
Standard delivery is by air mail.
Standard delivery is by United States first class mail.
Standard delivery is either morning or afternoon by geographic area six days a week.
Standard delivery is free, with next day delivery on stock items for a small charge.
Standard delivery is in hard copy.
Standard delivery is in print copy.
Standard delivery is two weeks.
Standard delivery takes at least three days.
Standard dermabrasion uses a rotating brush that removes the top layers of a person's skin.
Standard design is free.
Standard designs are available for top and bottom tubesheet assemblies.
Standard designs are available in nylon, polyester, polypropylene and specialized blends.
Standard designs are available that are suited for specific species.
Standard designs are available to measure water over a wide flow range.
Standard designs utilize solder lug or vertical PC terminals and diallyl phthalate insulation.
Most standard designs assume free draining sand or gravel fills.
Standard deviation depends on the accuracy of the measuring instruments.
Standard deviation does make some intuitive sense as a measure of risk.
Standard deviation has the same units as the observations.
Standard deviation indicates how close to the mean the observations are.
Standard deviation is a common way to measure volatility.
Standard deviation is a mathematical tool used in statistical calculations.
Standard deviation is a mathematically determined figure to account for variances from the average.
Standard deviation is a measure of consistency of the statistics.
Standard deviation is a measure of dispersion around the average.
Standard deviation is a measure of how data varies from the mean and is given by the formula.
Standard deviation is a measure of how far the numbers in a series diverge from each other.
Standard deviation is a measure of how much the marks are spread about the mean raw score.
Standard deviation is a measure of how tightly values lie around the average of all the values.
Standard deviation is a measure of how volatile a fund's returns are.
Standard deviation is a measure of how widely a series of measurements is spread around the mean.
Standard deviation is a measure of the 'typical' distance from the mean.
Standard deviation is a measure of 'typical' distance from the mean.
Standard deviation is a measure of variability.
Standard deviation Is a measure that determines the volatility of a fund over a period of time.
Standard deviation is a statistical term that provides a good indication of volatility.
Standard deviation is an average distance from the mean of the observations in a data set.
Standard deviation is calculated by first calculating the mean of a group of data points.
Standard deviation is calculated.
Standard deviation is computed.
Standard deviation is more general than sampling error.
Standard deviation is often more useful since it's a value in the same scale as the original data.
Standard deviation is one measure of risk.
Standard deviation is one standard deviation from the mean.
Standard deviation is one useful way to assess the riskiness of an investment.
Standard deviation is presented in parentheses.
Standard deviation is simply the square root of the variance.
Standard deviation is the most common measure of variability in a set of data.
Standard deviation is the positive square root of variance.
Standard deviation is the square root of the vaiance.
Standard deviation is the square root of the variance.
Standard deviation is the square root of variance.
Standard deviation is the square-root of the variance.
Standard deviation is used to measure the dispersion, or difference, in a set of numbers.
Standard deviation is used to measure the volatility of a stock.
Standard deviation is useful because it is in the same units as the tests.
Standard deviation is variance
Standard deviation is variance.
Standard deviation measures the range in a fund's performance, usually over a three-year period.
Standard deviation measures the risk, or volatility, of rates of return.
Standard deviation measures the risk, or volatilty of rates of return.
Standard deviation measures the spread of from the mean.
Standard deviation measures the variability of a set of numbers.
Standard deviation reveals a fund's true level of risk.
Standard deviation shows the degree of variation in a fund's returns.
Standard deviations are a problem with multiple crossovers.
Standard deviations are high compared to the mean value, indicating a lot of variability.
Standard deviations are in parentheses.
Standard deviations are very similar with the different tests.
Standard deviations provide additional information about the distribution of values about the mean.
Some standard deviation increases survival.
Standard devices do most of their processing in their internal firmware.
Standard dictionaries are even worse.
Standard disclaimer applies .
Standard disclaimer applies.
Standard disclaimer apply.
Standard disclaimers apply .
Standard disclaimers apply here.
Standard disclaimers apply, blah, blah.
Standard disclaimers apply, of course.
Standard disclaimers apply.
All standard disclaimers apply on copyrighted material.
All standard disclaimers apply.
Standard discounts apply.
Standard discounts are available for bookstores, museums, tribes, and interpretive centers.
Standard discounts are available.
Standard dispenser is molded plastic.
Standard displays are our most frequently ordered styles.
Standard displays show small breaths with a small waveform and big breaths with a big waveform.
Standard documents are currently available in fifteen areas of specialization.
Standard documentation is provided along with a commissioning brief for the topic in question.
Standard documentation is required.
Standard doubles are usually quite spacious, if a bit more simply furnished.
Standard doubles come with queen-size beds.
Standard drive is to the rear axle with automatic free wheeling hubs at the front.
Standard drums arent that great either, but the electronic kits sound pretty nice.
Standard earphones plug right into the side of the watch where there is also a volume control.
Standard earplugs help quell the roar of the cars or trucks.
Standard email exposes personal or vital business information to anyone.
Standard email is better for that.
Standard email offers no protection from unwanted viewers.
Standard embroidery consists of fonts and designs that exist in our embroidery machine computers.
Standard engine is fitted with best quality cast iron timing gears.
Standard enteritis is an intestinal infection, and affected birds exhibit a sticky, green diarrhoea.
Standard equipment includes a factory hardtop that, when enclosed, can be heated or air-conditioned.
Standard equipment includes a female garden hose connection to attach to the engine.
Standard equipment includes a heating and air-conditioning system and power steering.
Standard equipment includes a leather and wood grain interior.
Standard equipment includes a modem hookup for remote online monitoring.
Standard equipment includes a straight-point flounder gig and a propane or white gas lantern.
Standard equipment includes a tilt steering wheel, anti-lock brakes and dual airbags.
Standard equipment includes ABS brakes, heated handgrips and electrically adjustable windscreen.
Standard equipment includes an electric clutch, safety light kit, and rear walkboard.
Standard equipment includes an electric pump clutch and exhaust diverter.
Standard equipment includes an emergency crank handle.
Standard equipment includes an oil skimmer and wastewater evaporation system.
Standard equipment includes automatic transmission and air-conditioning.
Standard equipment includes automatic transmission, power steering and air-conditioning.
Standard equipment includes cylinder head high temperature and low fuel warning lights.
Standard equipment includes dual controls, rotor brake, heater, and night lights.
Standard equipment includes enclosed heated and air-conditioned cabs.
Standard equipment includes endless feed, gigback belts and horizontal scale board.
Standard equipment includes massive vertical rails, extra heavy gauge top and bottom panels.
Standard equipment includes the deluxe cab, front auxiliary hydraulics and lights.
Standard equipment includes transfer bars and upright posts for assistance.
Standard equipment includes two carrying wheels plus the hydraulic cylinder and hoses.
Standard equipment includes two slide-in loading ramps, rear loading legs and a suitable hand winch.
Standard equipment is a dual preset counter for loading and winding counts.
Standard equipment is eschewed for super - custom ultra cool gear and so forth.
Standard equipment is generous, and the interior is swathed in wood and leather.
Standard equipment is listed below.
Standard equipment is obtainable from any of several supply houses.
Standard equipment is plentiful even on the base model.
Standard equipment is quite high.
Standard equipment is used except that a flexiball is used rather than a standard baseball.
Standard equipment provided includes a overhead projector and a slide projector.
All standard equipment is included in both the list price and total weight.
Standard error is a file to which a program can send errors.
Standard error is about one-tenth the mean.
Standard error is also related to sample size.
Standard error is also the screen.
Standard error is the diagnostic output which also appears on the terminal.
Standard error is the output device where error messages are sent.
Standard error is therefore, only the standard deviation of the larger set of means.
Standard error is where, by convention, many commands write messages if they encounter errors.
Standard errors appear in parentheses.
Standard errors appear in parenthesis.
Standard errors are functions of magnitude and ecliptic latitude.
Standard errors are in parentheses.
Standard errors are in parenthesis.
Standard errors are large for most categories.
Standard errors are no good if non-stationary regressors.
Standard errors depend on both sample size and sample design.
Standard errors indicate the magnitude of the sampling error.
Standard errors s b are given in parentheses below the coefficient.
All standard errors are in parentheses.
Standard examples are java applets, javascript, java webstart and microsoft .net programs.
Standard examples are solar, wind, hydroelectric, and biomass products.
Standard extensions are APIs in javax.
Standard extensions are special kinds of extensions.
Standard fabric is single laminated low density.
Standard fare clinks, clanks and screams of deathly pain.
Standard fare includes enchiladas, tacos, chalupas and refried beans.
Standard fare is hamburgers, pizza, and chicken with soft drinks or beer.
Standard fares apply unless otherwise stated below.
Standard fares apply.
Standard features allow users to review information or print lists or mailing labels easily.
Standard features are a belay loop, a haul loop, padding, and reinforced gear slings.
Standard features are a stylish blue or orange plastic case.
Standard features are good.
Standard features are specifications.
Standard features range from hand stiched color coordinated interiors to deluxe backrests.
Standard features range from hand stitched color coordinated interiors to deluxe backrests.
Standard features vary with different rate plans.
Standard fees apply therafter.
Standard fees apply to other customers.
Standard fees apply.
Standard fees are at the borrower's expense and can be rolled into the loan.
Standard fees are title insurance, recording and survey fees.
Standard figures have an antique patina finish.
Standard film is used.
Standard finish includes fully adjustable loose foot for better shape control.
Standard finish is a black catalyzed texture coat.
Standard finish is black oxide.
Standard finish is black.
Standard finish is blond maple.
Standard finish is chrome.
Standard finish is clear anodized, painted finish is available on special order.
Standard finish is clear anodized, specify color if painted finish is required.
Standard finish is clear gloss nitrocellulose lacquer.
Standard finish is clear matte urethane or unfinished.
Standard finish is high polish with clear coat.
Standard finish is in dark bronze.
Standard finish is light maple, with other finishes available.
Standard finish is oven-cured enamel.
Standard finish is two color baking enamel.
Standard finish is walnut with horn mouth black.
Standard finish is white or ball burnished and lacquered.
Standard finish is white powder coat over a marine grade stainless steel body.
Standard finishes are available in either clear anodized or white powder coat.
Standard finishes are bake-on powder coat and matte blast stainless.
Standard finishes are either black chrome or satin-nickel.
Standard finishes are red, white, black, and blue.
Standard firewalls are no problem, either.
Standard firmware allows for redundant hosts, even at different locations.
Standard fixtures have steel housing.
Standard fixtures have steel housings.
Standard flaps have weather resistant magnetized seals to prevent heat loss and draughts.
Standard flats are in newer buildings or have been refurbished within the last five years.
Some standard floats are also available.
Some standard fonts are listed below.
Standard foods are spicy and it is advised to approach curries with caution.
Standard footing is carpet spikes .
Standard form means that the miller indices of the highest face of the form is displayed.
Standard forms are available as well as off-beat designs like fingerprints or puzzles.
Standard forms are available for upcoming conferences and new Internet-sites .
Standard forms make the process of preparing an offer easy and almost risk free.
Standard format enables easy transfer of data between different libraries.
Standard format is double-spaced with wide enough margins for reader's comments.
Standard formats apply.
Standard formats are available.
Standard formats are tablet or liquid concentrates.
Standard formats are to be arranged and circulated.
Standard formats exist for the layout of information for each log record.
Any standard format is acceptable, but be consistent.
Most standard formats are acceptable.
Many standard formulations are available for shipment within a week.
Standard frame is heavy-gauge extruded aluminum with satin anodized finish.
Standard frame is white powdercoated steel.
Standard frames come with braces for drum brakes.
Standard fronts are free of design or set up charges.
Standard functions allow use floating point variables when using the timing functions.
Standard furnaces can only operate at full capacity, which increases noise and energy usage.
Standard furnaces can only operate at full capacity, which increases noise and usage.
Standard game is four innings.
A standard gauge is a gauge
A standard gauge is a railway
Standard gauge makes a differece.
Standard gooseberries are easier for elderly people to grow and pick.
Standard gooseberries make excellent plants for tubs.
Standard grade offers the opportunity to recycle customer supplied scrap.
Standard graphics is all there is.
Standard griffins are able to counterstrike against two attackers per turn.
Standard grinders are more affordable, but are limited in their versatility due to slower speeds.
Standard groups dictionary.
Standard guestrooms have two queen beds or one king.
Standard guidebooks get stale quickly as restaurants close and phone numbers change.
Standard guidelines are difficult to apply to the context of Web page design.
Standard hardware consists of a concealed continuous hinge, and screwdriver-operated cam latches.
Standard hardware is plated for maximum weatherability.
Standard hardware is provided for operation on optical rail.
Standard hardware is purchased by submitting a Purchasing Requisition to the Purchasing Office.
Standard headings are to be used.
Standard heaters are available in a wide variety of lengths.
Standard heaters are for use in unclassified or non-hazardous areas.
Standard height is six feet.
Standard heights is seven feet.
Standard help shape the direction for technology.
Standard holders have a ridge for a light trap and no slots along the sides.
Standard hoses are five foot.
Standard houseboats are just that, standard, but by no means uncomfortable.
Some standard icons come in the panel by default.
Standard image editing functions such as scale, rotate, flip, crop, add space, and clone.
Standard immunizations are up to date.
Standard inference acts as if the sample comes from a randomized data production design.
Standard information includes the individual's office room number, building and university address.
Standard input is a file from which a program can receive input.
Standard input is always copied instead of linked.
Standard input is an httpd log file.
Standard input is generaly set to the keyboard but it can be any input device.
Standard input is input coming from the keyboard.
Standard input is often text which is entered from the keyboard.
Standard input is read if no input file is given.
Standard input is set during the login procedure.
Standard input is set to the message.
Standard input is the default if no input file is given.
Standard input is the device where commands receive information.
Standard input is the keyboard.
Standard input is used if no file names are given.
Standard input revolves around automatically-generated and manual journal entries.
Standard inserts have one fold.
Standard installation embeds the post directly into a concrete footing.
Standard installation includes the following software applications.
Standard installation requires only a simple three-wire hookup.
Standard installation takes approx.
Standard instruction says to bend forward from the hips to get to the ball.
Standard instrumentation is included with the aircraft but an advanced CRT based system is optional.
Standard insurance assumes a vehicle depreciates with age.
Standard interfaces allow multiple systems to collaborate in image acquisition and storage.
Standard interfaces provide support for alternative configurations and connections.
Standard interfaces provide support for alternative configurations.
Standard interfaces provide the ability to quickly integrate code.
Standard interferon is administered three times weekly.
Standard interiors are a bit less flashy, but otherwise configured the same.
Standard internships run five to fifteen hours per week.
Standard interviews are tough enough.
Standard items are available year 'round, and seasonal items are featured prominently.
Standard jazz changes.
Standard jazz harmonies with lots of interaction between players and groups of players.
Standard joinery is cherry, nicely finished to a warm medium hue and a high gloss.
Standard keyboards have ebony naturals and arcades, and bone-topped ebony sharps.
Most standard keyboards have a numeric keypad on the far right.
Standard kits comprising of electronic or digital ignition, coils, twin spark etc. are available.
Standard l builds on traditional information skills curriculum and extends beyond location skills.
Standard labels are available from Campus Recycling.
Standard labels are black lettering on a white label.
Standard labels are yellow with black ink .
Standard laboratory cages lack a burrow-like structure into which the animals can retreat.
Standard ladders are thin cords that are threaded through each slat.
Standard layout displays the complete file information for all returned files.
Standard layouts are available for immediate shipment from the largest inventory in the industry.
All standard layouts come with at least one placeholder per slide except the blank presentation.
Standard leases are for three year or five year periods.
Standard length is about halfway between the hip and knee.
Standard length is thirty-nine to fourty inches, custom lengths are also available.
Standard lengths are available but length can be adjusted.
Standard lengths are multiples of one foot.
Standard lens is tempered prismatic glass.
Standard lenses have a focal length that is equal in distance to the diagonal of the negative.
Standard lenses have the unusual quality of reproducing an image exactly as it appears.
Standard letter fold.
Most standard letters weigh about one ounce.
Standard libraries are essential for a language.
Standard lies are available in both right and left hand models.
Standard lime makes winter mornings lighter at the normal clock waking hour.
Standard lines have leathered eyes, siezed splices and whipped ends.
Standard links are free.
Standard listing allows for company placement under five city headings.
Standard listing is always free.
Standard listings are available at no charge, expanded ones available for a fee.
Standard listings are available for free to most bowling web sites. .
Standard listings are free for qualified distributors .
Standard listings are free of charge.
Standard listings are free.
Standard literacy uses printed data, generally language related.
Standard load is four quarter-length courses per year.
Standard location is to left of blind.
Standard locations means they are easily found.
Standard locks are also available.
Many standard locks are easy to pick or break open.
Standard lodges offer two twin bed rooms, some have one double bed.
All Standard mail goes by truck.
Standard mammography has difficulty seeing through the dense tissue.
Standard management reports.
Standard marking is lines on the heavier coated side or geometric marking on the light coated side.
Standard mats are black marble or dark green outer, with the inner mat of contrasting color.
Standard mats have two grades of foam.
Standard material is stainless steel.
Standard materials are satin brocade, with satin lining to match.
Standard matrix is - see answer in text.
Standard meaning is assigned to each number within a segment.
Standard measure is at least two level tablespoons for every six ounce cup.
Standard measurements are spine and dual femur.
Standard medicine is best for dealing with traumas, crises, and life-threatening problems.
Standard medley includes grapes, pineapples, melons, and strawberries.
Standard membership is completely free .
Standard membership is for youth third grade through high school graduation.
Standard mesh allows good air flow with reduced dust.
Standard messages are available with no plate charge.
Standard metadata is a critical element in holding the various parts of the process together.
Standard metals employed are tin-plated phosphor bronze, monel, and silver brass.
Standard methods can therefore provide inaccurate results in the near well region.
Standard methods have to be adapted to allow for the special features of survey data.
Standard methods make location of the top trumps difficult without Blackwood.
Standard minimums apply.
Standard missions last two years.
Standard modalities are available for use.
Standard mode needs to be checked.
Standard model features pivoting shoe mounts.
Standard model includes four filters, six filters are available for a nominal charge.
Standard model is exotic maple, with dense tone alder sides and back.
Standard models are generally available for immediate shipment.
Standard models are wood deck, steel models are available on request.
Standard models feature galvanized legs and undershelves.
Standard models feature minor styling and content changes.
Standard models have dual analog voltage and current meters.
Standard models listed are available with all hardwood materials at special pricing.
Standard models require very thin transparent specimens and are lit from below.
All standard models have full mildew resistant lining.
Standard modems use the same frequencies as voice.
Standard monitors are fine at distances of several meters.
Standard motor is wash down type.
Standard motors feature an internal rotor that spins inside of a stator.
Standard mouse bindings for actions.
Standard name is written in carving on front of machine.
Standard nets can catch and shred delicate fins.
Standard nomenclature is given in the references below.
Standard nonprofit is the most economical way of mailing a bulk mailing.
Standard notation is given along the way with minor annotation.
Standard notation is included although no music reading ability is required.
Standard notification requires recipients to acknowledge the message.
Standard objects appear across the top of the home page, such as the menu line and button bar.
Standard objects mean stars, galaxies, etc.
Standard of care is closely related to the quality of care.
Standards of care are different.
Standards of care are one measure of quality.
Standards of care exist for every medical specialty.
Standard of excellence is a guide to others.
Standards of excellence serve as the centerpiece of our instructional program.
Standard of proof is clear and convincing evidence.
Standard of review allows reversal only if trial court finding was clearly erroneous.
Standards of service are good and the staff friendly.
Standards of service are the same whether the facility is state operated or vendor operated.
Standards of service are very high.
Standards of service vary considerably.
Standards of services vary greatly.
Standard office build out.
Standard office wear for men is shirt and tie, or business suit.
Standard ones are top, right, front and perspective.
All standard operations are automatic.
Some standard options are available from the department, including microelectonics.
Standard organizations exist to develop, discuss and enhance protocols.
Standard oscillation analyses assume plane waves, but wavepackets are involved.
Standard outlaws overlong sequences.
Standard output gets what the log-file gets.
Standard output is a duplicate of standard error.
Standard output is a sc file.
Standard output is defined as the file object named stdout in the built-in module sys .
Standard output is emphisized in blue type .
Standard output is set during the login procedure.
Standard output is specified in the output command.
Standard output is the device where commands send information.
Standard output is the screen.
Standard output is what appears on the terminal as output from commands, programs, etc.
Standard output is written to the files rsl.out.
All Standard owners welcome.
Standard ozone makes maintenance a breeze.
Standard package includes Braille reference cards.
Standard package is as follows.
Standard packages are available or a custom package can be developed.
Standard packages are for construction from plans and offsets in the traditional manner.
Standard packages are nylon-lined fiber drums.
Many standard packages have the capacity to be customised to suit special requirements.
Standard packaging allows for many automated insertion processes.
Standard packaging is a two gallon kit.
Standard packaging is approximately two ounces.
Standard packaging is one pint and one quart glass bottles.
Standard packaging is raw on spindle.
Standard packets are black and white.
Standard pages are primary display pages.
Standard pallets comprise the full range of color available from the quarry.
Standard parameters appear automatically on the test screen.
Standard parsley develops attractive, green, curly leaves about six or eight inches tall.
Standard parts are in stock and ready for immediate shipment.
Standard parts are much easier to obtain as well.
Standard parts Produce an assembly drawing using standard parts.
Many standard parts are in stock, ready for delivery.
Standard partners pay a fee.
Standard passages do recur, but there is great variation from copy to copy.
Standard passengers receive complimentary mulled wine and mince pies.
Standard pedals are appropriate for bicycling novices.
Most standard perches sold today are made of plastic.
Standard performance is sub-standard.
Standard phrases are completely customizable by the user.
Standard pitch is a universal frequency or note that all instruments are set too.
Standard placement is on left chest vertically.
Standard placement is on right chest sewn horizontally.
Standard plans are available with variations in coverage levels.
Many standard plans are available, and plans can be customized or designed at no extra cost.
Standard plaques are brass-finished metal mounted on simulated walnut backing.
Standard plastic ends.
All standard plastics decorating methods are available.
Standard plate counts.
Standard play makes a higher quality tape.
Standard play supports up to four participants.
Standard plug is for control line use.
Standard plugs are the molded type.
Standard policies carry lower premiums and margins.
Standard policies prohibiting credit for overlapping courses still apply.
Standard policies recognize the above attributes and are designed to limit their exposure.
Standard policy is to always use the best field supplier in each market.
Standard policy is to escort off the hospital grounds anyone causing a disturbance.
Standard poodles are actually extraordinary hunting dogs.
Standard poodles love taste.
Standard ports allow the use of variety of modems.
Standard posterboard is recommended.
Standard postings are open to all applicants.
Standard power is by a centrally located inboard under the removable control console.
Standard power is provided by commercial AA-size batteries.
Standard practice calls for the appropriate level of mechanical protection for the pump driver unit.
Standard practice involves vectoring, pushing, and popping registers for each interrupt request.
Standard practice is for the consultant to ask for advice in filling a position.
Standard practice is to comment only about indictments that have been made public.
Standard practice is to have the extinguisher in the vicinity in case something does happen.
Standard practice is to list as authors all students who collected data.
Standard practice is to provide a laboratory report of results to individuals submitting the sample.
Standard practice is to provide a means for the readers to respond.
Standard practice is to read their prose, often as abstruse as the examples here, from the page.
Standard practice is to report the mean of the two middle values.
Standard practice is to serrate reticuline and cross bars.
Standard practice is treatment with antibiotics.
Standard practice requires separate pipes for drinking water and recycled water.
Standard practices apply to installing solid cabinetry.
Standard practices pack more pressure into the cooker.
Standard practices promote consistency and certainty, thereby reducing costs and avoiding disputes.
Standard precautions apply to blood and other body fluids containing visible blood.
Standard precautions apply.
Standard precautions regarding image acquisition apply.
Standard pressure is a constant value used for calculation purposes.
Standard pressure is an unit
Standard pressure is defined as one atm.
Standard price includes embossing of title, volume, month, and year on the spine only.
Standard price includes title and author on the spine.
Standard price includes title, volume, months, and year on the spine only.
Standard prices allow pre-assembly of payment.
Standard prices are subject to change.
Standard pricing is available by clicking on the categories to the left.
Standard pricing is for credit card orders.
Standard primers are free of charge.
Standard prints are glossy machine prints with a standard crop and borderless.
Standard prints are glossy machine prints with no crop and borderless.
Standard prints are on resin coated photographic paper.
Standard printing is left and right front side as shown.
Standard printouts are available from every module in addition to the above reports .
A standard procedure is a process
Standard procedure calls for the swearing of witnesses.
Standard procedure involves getting a court order to obtain phone records from a wireless carrier.
Standard procedure is for companies to hire on three months' probation.
Standard procedure is that all new and relevant books are on display.
Standard procedure is to administer the test twice and average the results.
Standard procedure is to allow headroom for excited performers.
Standard procedure is to predict the behavior of the circuit, and then go to lab.
Standard procedure is to send a resume and cover letter to the person listed.
Standard procedure is to set the focuser at mid point as described above.
Standard procedure requires that a supervisor be designated for each structured work release.
Standard procedure says to start the masking from the left and work down.
Standard procedures call for pre-chlorination of the incoming water.
Standard procedures involve mailing checks.
Standard procedures vary between states and sometimes local areas.
Some standard procedures involve images.
Standard processes are in place for data collection and data reporting.
Standard processes ensure that critical activities take place in a consistent manner.
Standard processes facilitate machine control and systems which demand little direct supervision.
Standard processors process only one piece of data with each instruction.
Standard product is colored and marked as shown.
Standard products are available as monolithic shapes, ingots, random pieces, and powders.
Standard products are slightly soluble.
Standard products can be very long-lived and very successful.
Standard products contain no timers or clocks.
Standard products focus on clocking, high speed computing and instruments applications.
Standard products have one-to one pin outs.
Standard programs are available with variations in deductibles, maximums and eligibility periods.
Standard pronunciation is discussed.
Standard pronunciation is provided for each character, phrase and sentence.
Most standard props show up well providing the decoration and background have good contrast.
Standard proposals are for extended blocks of beam-time.
Standard protocol calls for conscious sedation, using drugs as needed for pain and anxiety.
Standard protocol is to assign a bodyguard to the widow.
Standard protocol is used in treating specific situations.
Standard protocols allow computers from different manufacturers to communicate.
Standard protocols allow different manufacturers' computers to communicate.
Standard protocols are available for cleaning, evaluating, and comparing compound libraries.
Standard protocols facilitate routine.
Standard protocols facilitate sterilization routine.
Standard protocols use bounded sequence numbers to identify lost packets.
Most standard protocols facilitate routine.
Most standard protocols facilitate sterilization routine.
Standard punctuation is used, such as commas and periods.
Standard purity includes free desalting.
Standard pylons are simply rigid pipes spanning the distance between the foot and knee.
Standard quality means that the unit is safe, structurally sound, and well maintained.
Standard quality yields ten hours' recording time.
Standard quarter is a division of the standard academic year.
Standard queries are safe to use.
Standard questions come to mind in the aftermath of such a tragedy.
Standard quotas suffice for most people.
Standard radiation involves daily treatments for a period of weeks.
Standard radiation is limited because it has difficulty focusing the beam of radiation.
Standard radiation remains an excellent option for many other types of cancer.
Standard radiators are a different story.
Standard radioimmunoassays use one antibody, but supersensitive assays use two.
Standard rate is payable if the coroner is so satisfied.
Standard rates accompany each of the unit pictures.
Standard rates apply for the second page.
Standard rates apply if legal referral is required.
Standard rates apply to all others.
Standard rates apply.
Standard rates are available upon request.
Standard rates can be much higher.
Standard rates listed above are subject to change without notice.
All standard rates listed are subject to change without notice.
Standard rating has to be tied to a builtin DM mode.
Standard ratio is one eighth of an ounce of ganja to a stick of butter.
Standard ray tracing uses only the Intensity value.
Some standard reasons follow.
Standard recipes prevent waste and provide an excellent guide for food purchasing.
Standard recognition is automatic.
All standard reference works.
Standard registration is for a two year period.
Standard regulations apply to other sections.
Standard religion is full of misunderstandings, prejudice and propaganda.
Standard remotes are better than nothing, but they often fail in the cursor-control department.
Standard rental is for a period of three days.
Standard repertory is explored.
Standard report headings.
Standard report includes graphic body image with color coded scan results.
Standard report shows cost of a mailing, pledges generated, and amount raised per dollar spent.
Standard reports are available for printing after each mobile scanner is downloaded.
Standard reports are available in user-friendly formats to assist with inquiries.
Standard reports are available through a simple menu interface.
Standard reports are available with options for specialised reports and analysis.
Standard reports are easy to understand, simple to access, and execute quickly.
Standard reports capture valuable information on cost savings, quality and operations.
Standard reports cover all aspects of the project.
Standard reports cover common requirements with a built in query function to handle simple requests.
Standard reports give businesses insight into operations, resource consumption, and usage habits.
Standard reports show pledge income projections and unfulfilled pledges.
Many standard reports are available.
Many standard reports produced by enterprise resource planning systems are very duplicative.
Some standard reports are available to help analyze trends.
Standard resolution provides more picture capacity on the memory card, but sacrifices some detail.
Any standard resolution is acceptable.
All standard restrictions apply.
Standard results shows the match in the topic name only.
Many standard results are, for lack of space, left unproved, although ample references are supplied.
Standard rolls have no core.
Standard rooms are a great value.
Standard rooms are all non-smoking.
Standard rooms are also available in the Lodge.
Standard rooms are also available.
Standard rooms are available that provide handicap access and features.
Standard rooms are available with either one king size bed or two queen size beds.
Standard rooms are available without air conditioning.
Standard rooms are just that standard.
Standard rooms are of average size and comfortable.
Standard rooms are on lower floors.
Standard rooms are on the lowest floors and have little or no view.
Standard rooms are simple, large, and comfortable with private ocean-view balconies.
Standard rooms are still available.
Standard rooms come with one queen or two double beds, coffee makers and free local calls.
Standard rooms face the driveway.
Standard rooms feature a large balcony, full kitchen and a wood-burning fireplace.
Standard rooms feature a private bath, charming antiques and cozy comforters.
Standard rooms feature private balconies, refrigerators and in-room coffee makers.
Standard rooms feature two queen-size beds with a private bath.
Standard rooms have different views, sea facing, rose garden or town facing.
Standard rooms have double bed, ceiling fan, bathroom with shower only.
Standard rooms have either one double bed, one queen bed or one queen and one twin bed.
Standard rooms have either one king-size or two double beds.
Standard rooms have either one king-sized bed or two queens.
Standard rooms have entrance foyers, en suite bathrooms and seating areas.
Standard rooms have entrance foyers, en-suite bathrooms and seating areas.
Standard rooms have entrance foyers, en-suite bathrooms, lounge and seating areas.
Standard rooms have fans or air-conditioning and garden views.
Standard rooms have fans.
Standard rooms have four beds.
Standard rooms have one king or two twin beds.
Standard rooms have one queen bed.
Standard rooms have queen size beds.
Standard rooms have refrigerators, coffeemakers, fresh fruit and outdoor pool.
Standard rooms have the advantage of being extremely quiet and comfortable.
Standard rooms have to do without.
Standard rooms have twin or queen beds.
Standard rooms have two double beds or one king size bed and bathroom.
Standard rooms have two double beds or one king, sleeping up to four persons.
Standard rooms have two queen size beds.
Standard rooms have two queen sized beds.
Standard rooms have two queen-size beds.
Standard rooms have two twin beds, ceiling fan, and private bath with shower.
Standard rooms have wash basins.
Standard rooms heave either two double beds or one kingsized bed.
Standard rooms offer a bed, a small desk and one chair in crowded circumstances.
Standard rooms offer king or two double or queen sized beds in each room.
Standard rooms offer twin double beds.
Standard rooms share a large, central bathroom facility.
All standard rooms have a dining area which makes each room particularly spacious.
All standard rooms have one king size bed or two queen size beds.
All standard rooms have one queen bed.
All standard rooms have queen beds.
All standard rooms have wash basins.
Most standard rooms have a refrigerator.
Some standard rooms are suitable for singles only, whereas others can accommodate doubles.
Standard roses can add tens of thousands to the end price.
Standard roses require staking.
Standard route is ok.
Standard rules allow suspects to be shot only to protect lives.
Standard rules apply, along with a few map clarifications for the new map.
Standard rules apply, along with modifications concerning the portage of fleets.
Standard rules apply, with a few modifications.
Standard rules apply, with three minor modifications.
Standard rules apply.
Standard rulers are difficult for inexperienced hands to stabilize.
Standard samples reflect the conditions of the growing season.
All standard saws feature offset teeth so the cut is wider than the blade to eliminate binding.
Standard scales being abundant, it is only necessary to make a careful copy of an original.
Standard scholarship holds that English took goblin from the French gobelin .
All standard science is built on a foundation of classification.
Standard scores appear along the left margin.
Standard scores give a way of measuring that level of significance.
Standard scores have important advantages over raw scores.
Standard search finds given words also as parts of words in messages.
Standard searches use the filters associated with the first matching pattern only.
Standard seats are leather-covered, firm, and comfortable for any distance.
Standard seminars are six hours long.
Standard seminars presenting fundamental topics are also available, and can be easily arranged.
Standard sensors employed include multibeam bathymetry, side scan sonar, and subbottom profiler.
Standard service includes call waiting, three-way calling, and speed dial.
Standard service includes free airport and hotel pickup.
Standard service provides linens stacked on the bed upon arrival with daily towel exchange.
Standard service takes less than an hour.
Standard services are available almost everywhere.
Standard services are cold water, gas and two additional fixtures.
Standard services are FREE, value-added services have nominal fees.
Standard setting involves a balancing of costs and benefits.
Standard shafts are cold drawn steel.
Standard shields are epoxy-coated carbon steel.
Standard shipment includes U.S. mail, fax, express shipping and courier.
Standard shipping is based on the merchandise total.
Standard shipping is by far the most economical way to ship products across the continent.
Standard shipping is by U.S. mail.
Standard shipping is free .
Standard shipping is free on domestic orders only.
Standard shipping is free on most orders.
Standard shipping is free to Service Benefit Plan members.
Standard shipping is free with purchase.
Standard shipping is free within the United States.
Standard shipping is FREE, anywhere in the continental United States or Canada.
Standard shipping is free. .
Standard shipping is free.
Standard shipping is selected by default.
Standard shipping is two business days.
Standard shipping is via air mail, or ground courier, depending on the size of the package.
Standard shipping is via first class mail.
Standard shipping takes about five to nine business days.
Standard shock is behind axle, auxiliary shock is in front of axle.
Standard shoes have a low heel, like a standard dress shoe.
Standard shoes offer nothing more than basic protection to the soles of the feet.
Standard shoulder exercises with dumbbells are good.
Standard signs have a solid blue background with no border.
All standard signage is computer cut adhesive vinyl.
Standard sites are shaded areas with picnic tables and grills.
Standard situations are almost synonymous with the word 'placelessness'.
Standard size trees produce fruit.
Standard size fits all.
Standard size fits average to small ears.
Standard size holds pillar candle.
Standard size includes a belt.
Standard size is large.
Standard size replaces any single pole switchplate.
Standard sizes accommodate most major projector models.
Standard sizes are available from catalogs, discount stores, and some hardware stores.
Standard sizes are available from stock.
Standard sizes are available to match many vapor extraction systems.
Standard sizes are available.
Standard sizes are in stock and custom cuts are available.
Standard sizes are readily available, while custom sizes are our specialty.
Standard sizes are usually in-stock, however, custom sizes are available.
Standard sizes go for envelopes too.
Standard sizes make for more affordable framing.
Standard sizes range from small ingots and pieces to coarse and fine powders.
Standard sizes reduce the waist by four inches when corset is closed in back.
Standard sizes take into account the combinations of body measurements of the general population.
All standard sizes are available including dwarf, inverted color lights, and semaphore lenses.
All standard sizes are available.
Standard sleeves are tyvek or paper with or without windows.
Standard smut filtering software uses a frequently updated list of off-limit web sites.
Standard software includes calendar, database, word processing and a spreadsheet.
Standard software is inexpensive, at least compared to the cost of custom software development.
Standard software upgrades.
Standard solutions are well established for drives in the low and medium power range.
Some standard solutions contain components.
Some standard solutions contain follow components.
Standard spacecraft are too large, and therefore too costly, to launch in large numbers.
Standard speakers are generally acceptable.
Standard specifications allow for customization.
Standard specifications allow substitution of plates and bolts.
Standard specifications are on par with all the other major players.
Standard spectrophotometers are usually able to measure from a small integrated area at a time.
Standard speech sounds of the English language.
Standard spelling is invaluable for the efficiency of reading print.
Standard spreadsheets have a table of rows and columns of cells.
Standard stairs come in red oak.
Standard statistical techniques show limitations.
Standard stringers are available in three or five block configurations.
Standard students study only the core.
Standard studios have two double beds.
Standard stylus is included.
Standard submissions are to be sent in text format.
Standard subsystems provide a proven, reliable basis for plant operation.
Standard support is available in incident packs and annual service contracts.
Standard support relates exclusively to website administrative and email settings only.
Standard surface is glossy.
Standard system takes a clear nipple.
Standard systems are all self-contained with mechanical refrigeration.
Standard systems require no external power sources or tangled cable sets.
Standard systemic chemotherapy has effects.
Standard systemic chemotherapy has little effects.
Standard table is flat with round corners.
Standard tables contain primarily straight logs with minimal knots, bends or unusual character.
Standard tables give values that represent significant cutoff points.
Standard tackle is quite satisfactory for presenting shallow crank plugs.
Standard tanks are generally available for prompt delivery from stock.
Standard tape employs an analog method of recording.
Standard tapes are available in English, French, or Spanish.
Standard techniques reduce support costs through consistency.
Standard techniques show limitations.
Standard techniques use indicators.
Most standard techniques show limitations.
Most standard techniques use indicators.
Some standard techniques are available as part of the school curriculum.
Standard technologies don t disappear instantly.
Any standard telephone is acceptable.
Standard television is understood for what it is.
Standard television transmits a lower quality analog signal.
Standard terms are usually thirty, sixty or ninety days.
Standard termination consists of silicone-insulated flying leads.
Standard terminations are quick-disconnect terminals.
Standard tests cover verbal, math and aeronautical knowledge, as well as personality tests.
Standard testing is free.
Standard text is least expensive.
Standard text is unchanged.
Standard textbooks describe the methods to relax the muscle and to withdraw the locked needle.
Standard theories say there is almost no chance of finding such a string of craters on Earth.
Standard theory says motives lead to perps.
Standard therapy has quality.
Standard therapy takes about five days to work.
Most standard therapy has quality.
Standard thermistors are available.
Standard thermocouples are available.
Standard thermometers are delicate things.
Standard thread fits all cameras, tripods, etc.
Standard threads enable easy installation without special tools.
Standard time happens from autumn to early spring .
Standard time happens from autumn to early spring.
Standard time is adjusted by adding or subtracting a leap second from time to time.
Standard time is based on universal time .
Standard time is defined as the local mean time of the standard time meridian.
Standard time is four weeks for perfect bound books and six weeks for case-bound books.
Standard time is local time at specified meridians.
Standard time is time
Standard time returns.
Standard tools are available in a palette window to make easy editing.
Standard tools are available to make easy editing.
Standard tours take approximately four hours.
Standard train is the engine and three passenger cars.
Standard training is more comprehensive and recommended for the sales force and most other users.
Standard transfers are automatic machine mode scans and offer no image rotation.
A standard transmission is a transmission system
Standard transmission is a five-speed automatic.
Standard transmission is a four-speed automatic with overdrive and a locking torque converter.
Standard transmissions are different.
Standard transmissions are transmissions.
Standard treatment includes angioplasty or femoral to popliteal bypass surgery.
Standard treatment involves oral and topical antibiotics - usually metronidazole cream or gel.
Standard treatment involves the use of a vaporizer or exposure to steam from a hot shower.
Standard treatment is bed rest and pain killers.
Standard treatment is curettage and grafting.
Standard treatment is inadequate.
Standard treatment is the way patients are most often treated now.
Standard treatment is with famciclovir or acyclovir.
Standard treatment uses a multi-agent chemotherapy treatment plan.
Standard treatments are effective.
Standard treatments have their share of risks and harms.
Standard treatments involve chemotherapy and radiotherapy .
Standard treatments provide only short term relief.
All standard treatments begin with the removal of the abscess and debriding the area.
Some standard treatments are likely to vary between countries.
Some standard treatments consist of antibiotic therapy.
Some standard treatments consist of therapy.
Some standard treatments involve use.
Standard trees take longer than semidwarfs or dwarfs to bear fruit.
Standard trick taking rules apply.
Standard trim is closed cell foam padding.
Standard trim is in hardwood with webbing seats and the whole finished in yacht varnish.
Standard trips use a big boat that departs in the morning.
Standard trunks can be both inbound and outbound.
Standard tubes are fine.
Standard turn is five business days but rush turns as fast as same-day are available.
Standard turnaround is three days.
Standard turnaround is two business days.
Any standard TV is used.
Standard types are below.
Standard types consist of an inner and outer ring with cage containing a complement of rollers.
All standard types wave shapes are available to recreate the sound.
Standard typeface is required on all texts, including computer-printed manuscripts.
Standard typeface is required on all texts.
Standard unit uses incalloy-sheathed heating elements.
Standard units are a way of putting different kinds of observations on the same scale.
Standard units are dimensionless.
Standard units are of the self-aligning, disc lubricated design.
Standard units are subject to ambient light pickup.
Standard units are volume units at a certain pressure, temperature, and compressibility.
Standard units can generally deliver adequate hot water to one or two points at the one time.
Standard units have average d cor and features.
Standard units have pilots and are gravity vented.
Standard units have temperatures marked in Fahrenheit.
Standard units measure the number of standard deviations away from the average.
All standard units offer direct frequency read-out, high power, and narrow bandwidth.
Standard updates consist of one update per month.
Standard upholstery is color coordinated with the hulls accent stripe.
Standard upholstery is plush velour, with leather optional.
Standard usage is displayed in the black portion of the graph.
Standard user accounts Standard accounts provide users with unmetered internet access.
Standard users are typical end users.
Standard users can run the package thanks to the permissions elevation.
Standard users have access to a limited, user friendly system.
Standard vaccines prompt the body to make antibodies that block infection.
Standard valedictions can also vary from country to country.
Standard value varies by maximum take-off weight and number of engines installed.
Standard values are get and post .
Standard varieties are generally spring-loaded for durability.
Standard varieties can still be very productive in a home garden.
Standard varieties grow too tall and bolt too soon.
Standard varieties produce biennial canes on perennial root systems.
Standard vegetation is a hemlock-spruce forest.
Standard velocity is velocity that is referenced to standard conditions.
Standard version comes in two elegant finishes.
Standard version has manual adjustment of tilt angle.
Standard version is free.
Standard version is right hand version, like on the pictures.
All standard version features A wireless tutorial.
Standard vinyl is offered in the full pallet range for use on any sign, interior or exterior.
Standard visas are for periods of up to three months.
Standard visitation varies from county to county.
Standard visualization features, plus trajectory animation, contour plotting, etc.
Standard warranties vary.
Standard warranty applies to all new components.
Standard warranty applies.
Standard warranty covers depot repair only.
Standard warranty is one year, parts and labor.
Standard warranty is one year.
Standard wattages vary with element type and are listed below.
Standard webs have no limits.
Standard wheels are sixteen-inch, with seventeens available.
Some standard wheels are available with delivery ex-stock.
Standard widths vary somewhat depending on the lengths.
Standard windows help guides.
Most standard windows have a small thumb turn lock in the center.
Most standard windows have a small thumb-turn lock in the center.
Standard wire enters the rear of the pin and is retained with a crimp.
Standard wiring is easier to troubleshoot and less likely to result in confusion later.
Standard woods are maple, cherry and walnut .
Standard woods are oak and walnut.
A standard is an ideal
Standard cassettes only.
Standard comes in one piece handle without accent stripes.
Standard is die cast aluminum coated inside for resistance to most oils and similar fluids.
Standard isa quantity.
Standards achieved in athletics are good, with some pupils succeeding at county and national levels.
Standards actually pose little threat to choking creativity.
Standards actually promote innovation.
Standards add meaning to evaluation by setting the level at which students pass, fail, graduate.
Standards address a range of potential environmental impacts.
Standards address operational and curricular issues fundamental to educational quality.
Standards address the fluoride content of forage and gaseous fluorides in the ambient air.
Standards adopted by the recreation profession make college graduation a requirement for employment.
Standards affect all three areas.
Standards affect almost every facet of our lives.
Standards allow different products from different vendors to interact.
Standards allow different products to interact.
Standards allow for quick location of a certain element.
Standards allow many players in a market.
Standards allow products from different vendors to easily interoperate.
Standards alone are insufficient.
Standards also address qualifications of staff conducting case management services.
Standards also allow consumers to be less knowledgeable about the equipment they are purchasing.
Standards also assist the community in making informed decisions regarding computing.
Standards also benefit consumers.
Standards also drive products that can no longer be innovated to the status of commodity.
Standards also ensure that products from different manufactures are compatible.
Standards also exist for body size and sound holes.
Standards also exist for CD-ROM volume designs and index preparation.
Standards also exist for each grade level in word processing, multimedia, graphics, and graphing.
Standards also exist for microfilms and magnetic tapes for Finnish archives.
Standards also exist which limit the amount of water being added to a product.
Standards also govern the size of the advertising message.
Standards also guide departments making new purchases and assist in planning equipment life cycles.
Standards also hang from the pillars as well, several of which can be seen in the above photograph.
Standards also have their drawbacks.
Standards also make the platform more open and hence attract more developers.
Standards also makes a pitch for more bilingual- education programs.
Standards also makes a pitch for more bilingual-education programs.
Standards also prescribe performance or quality characteristics.
Standards also reduce risk for consumers with regard to the equipment they are purchasing.
Standards also reduce soot or small particulate emissions that have been linked to asthma.
Standards also require maintenance, updating and distribution.
Standards also shorten the sales cycle.
Standards also simplify product development and service, thereby reducing our costs.
Standards also tell employers what skills a student has.
Standards appear to be slipping.
Standards appear to hold promise as a mechanism to spark renewal in society and in public education.
Standards apply during periods of disinfection.
Standards apply to all students with high expectations for their success.
Standards apply to both workers and members of the public.
Standards apply to both workers' and public health.
Standards apply to care provided in the physician's office.
Standards apply to home or top pages.
Standards apply to suppliers as well as users of equipment.
Standards are a bit of a joke.
Standards are a bold initiative.
Standards are a central theme in education today.
Standards are a challenge, but no one is trying to get around it.
Standards are a covenant between members and True Parents, ones based on faith and commitment.
Standards are a difficult issue in general.
Standards are a double edged sword.
Standards are a form of subordinate legislation.
Standards are a glistening icy lemon.
Standards are a good idea, but sometimes the threshold is just too high.
Standards are a good thing.
Standards ARE a good thing.
Standards are a gosh awful complicated thing.
Standards are a little different.
Standards are a little more lax for browsing materials than other books.
Standards are a local issue.
Standards are a market-responsive phenomenon, both nationally and globally.
Standards are a mechanism for exchanging insurance information between organizations.
Standards are a necessary evil or a mixed blessing, depending on one's particular perspective.
Standards are a pale lavender pink atop buffy apricot falls.
Standards are a plateau in the steep climb of invention.
Standards are a self-regulatory mechanism.
Standards are a strategic investment for users.
Standards are a very powerful lever for change.
Standards are a volatile issue within some states, as well.
Standards are a win-win situation all the way around.
Standards are a wonderful thing.
Standards are about applying good practice in the field of emergency management.
Standards are absolutely essential.
Standards are all-important in the programming world.
Standards are all-important.
Standards are already in place for pediatric and heart surgery, as well as cancer treatment.
Standards are also an economic issue.
Standards are also an enabling technology.
Standards are also available through interlibrary loan if necessary.
Standards are also important to the publishers and curriculum developers.
Standards are also important, particularly in biological systems engineering.
Standards are also the biggest obstacle for interface designers.
Standards are also too hard to get.
Standards are also under development for video teleconferencing equipment and systems.
Standards are also vital tools of industry and commerce.
Standards are always subject to change.
Standards are always text documents, presented to users.
Standards are amenable to measurement of performance.
Standards are an attempt to ensure that some common knowledge and skills are acquired by students.
Standards are an important aspect of technology, manufacturing, and business.
Standards are an important part of accelerating market development.
Standards are an important vehicle for directing program improvement.
Standards are an inevitable part of today's business and society.
Standards are an obvious necessity from an implementation and support standpoint.
Standards are an unusual ochre yellow, heavily flushed tan in the midribs.
Standards are another important issue.
Standards are another problem.
Standards are apricot tan or russet brown.
Standards are as mutable as society itself.
Standards are available for many equipment types, from fittings to silo tanks.
Standards are available from the site for a fee.
Standards are available in two formats.
Standards are best if specific, measurable, and open to audit by inspection.
Standards are best when input is sought from users throughout the decision making process.
Standards are better when people from design and development participate.
Standards are blue, buff, green, goldenrod, pink, salmon, or yellow.
Standards are blue, buff, green, pink, or yellow.
Standards are blue, buff, green, pink, salmon, or yellow.
Standards are blue, buff, pink, salmon, or yellow.
Standards are blue, green, pink, salmon, or yellow.
Standards are boring but vital.
Standards are boring.
Standards are both complicated and numerous.
Standards are browser-neutral.
Standards are by and large being met.
Standards are closed and the petals are broad and heavy in texture.
Standards are closer to completion but still developing.
Standards are common in our lives.
Standards are compatible with all makes of equipment.
Standards are complicated.
Standards are consistent with or identical to the building code of conduct.
Standards are controversial and differ from place to place.
Standards are conventions and accepted practices that establish procedures for doing business.
Standards are criteria for evaluating the quality of a program.
Standards are critical in quantitative electron probe microanalysis.
Standards are critical to our efforts.
Standards are critical to the compatibility of hardware, software, and everything in between.
Standards are critical to the survival of companies marketing to multiple nations.
Standards are critical, though.
Standards are critical.
Standards are crucial to infrastructure development.
Standards are crucial.
Standards are currently the staple of educational conversation.
Standards are dark purple black and falls are velvety black.
Standards are determined from known visitor expectations.
Standards are different for different programs of study.
Standards are different for third world projects.
Standards are easily the biggest aid to interface designers.
Standards are empowering.
Standards are enforceable and can set a framework for redress, if the standards are violated.
Standards are essential for delivering applications across heterogeneous platforms.
Standards are essential for progress.
Standards are essential in ensuring that diverse systems can communicate with each other.
Standards are essential in ensuring that systems can communicate.
Standards are essential to any industry because they contribute to professionalism and credibility.
Standards are essential to facilitate interconnectivity and access.
Standards are even more important as marketers see an opportunity.
Standards are everywhere being pushed down, out or back.
Standards are eye glazing.
Standards are fine.
Standards are flags.
Standards are for school administrators and politicians.
Standards are from diverse sources.
Standards are general, specifications apply to specific systems or contexts.
Standards are generally above average for Inner London, but below the national average.
Standards are generally high, with luxury and comfort being the order of the day.
Standards are generally higher for the latter than for the former.
Standards are generally the means for setting the regulatory objectives required of products.
Standards are good.
Standards are great to work with and are usually around for awhile.
Standards are great.
Standards are hard.
Standards are here to stay.
Standards are here.
Standards are high and deadlines loom.
Standards are high and membership is very competitive.
Standards are high and students are assessed in a number of ways from rehearsals to performances.
Standards are high and the graduate programs are strong.
Standards are high for both handlers and animals.
Standards are high from the comfortable surroundings to the first class service.
Standards are high here.
Standards are high in all classes.
Standards are high, and the criteria are both objective and subjective.
Standards are high, and uncompromising.
Standards are high, as is the school's recycle rate.
Standards are high, even if chicken and steak can become monotonous after a while.
Standards are high, higher than for any other cuisine available in town.
Standards are high, the food is good, and there is plenty of it.
Standards are high, with full facilities.
Standards are high.
Standards are higher in some places, and it's so populated jobs are scarce.
Standards are higher than average for Eastern Europe.
Standards are higher, student achievement is being assessed, and schools are being held accountable.
Standards are higher.
Standards are how software talks to eachother.
Standards are important because they can raise expectations for all students.
Standards are important because they set high levels of learning and performance for all students.
Standards are important competitive tools that can define, limit and even create markets.
Standards are important if packages written in a language are to be portable across many platforms.
Standards are important in any methodological research project, and genealogy is no exception.
Standards are important in two significant ways.
Standards are important so that correct comparisons can be produced .
Standards are important so that correct comparisons can be produced.
Standards are important to allow the Internet to reach it's highest potential.
Standards are important where they apply to issues of interoperability.
Standards are important, but they are only one piece of the puzzle.
Standards are important.
Standards are Important.
Standards are in five-year age groups, with performance records kept in all events.
Standards are in line with the national average for English, maths and science.
Standards are in place for data integrity, data security, and user interfaces.
Standards are in the open comment period.
Standards are in use everywhere, in every aspect of everyday life.
Standards are independent of the measurement equipment and the methodology.
Standards are inevitable.
Standards are just as important in the computer and networking world.
Standards are just the beginning.
Standards are known concentrations of a contaminant or chemical substance.
Standards are large and showy in most species, but reduced in the Japanese irises.
Standards are legally enforceable limits or prescriptions.
Standards are levels of achievement.
Standards are like languages which have different levels.
Standards are links to the organizations that are defining standards for online learning.
Standards are lower than in countries where the tourist industry is more developed.
Standards are lower.
Standards are mandatory in many situations.
Standards are materials containing a known concentration of an analyte.
Standards are means of explicitly specifying context, etc.
Standards are mental pictures of what a person considers essential and necessary.
Standards are merely a means to an end.
Standards are merely opportunistic management devices.
Standards are minimum and maximum defining rules.
Standards are models approved by an authority or by general consent.
Standards are more flexible for students who have been out of high school more than five years.
Standards are more general than specifications.
Standards are more stringent for vocational drivers.
Standards are much stricter now than they used to be.
Standards are necessary for the educators themselves, as well as the schools.
Standards are necessary in order to implement heterogeneous computing environments.
Standards are necessary in public school setting.
Standards are necessary to assure enhanced utility while recognizing the limitations of resources.
Standards are necessary to insure that products from different companies are compatible.
Standards are necessary when displaying an advertised price when a fraction of a cent is involved.
Standards are newspapers.
Standards are no longer a big issue.
Standards are non-mandatory documents open to voluntary use by everybody.
Standards are normally higher for banks than for OBs.
Standards are of course a topic, but just ONE out of many.
Standards are official publications used in all areas of industry and trade.
Standards are often about a product but can be about management.
Standards are old and are constantly revised to reflect the changing business environment.
Standards are on the way.
Standards are one method that governments use to effect a change in the way energy is utilized.
Standards are one of the integral resources in engineering.
Standards are one of the most contentious issues in education.
Standards are only a start point.
Standards are only effective if they include an adequate compliance component.
Standards are only relevant if they're timely.
Standards are our commitment to excellence.
Standards are pale lemon yellow with a slightly darker rim.
Standards are palest violet-white and are completely sanded and veined medium violet.
Standards are part and parcel of respect for the students.
Standards are part of the plan, son.
Standards are pivotal to the success of digital wallets.
Standards are policies which describe shared values and principles of performance for a library.
Standards are posts.
Standards are prepared and continually updated in collaboration with South African interest groups.
Standards are prepared in all the fields mentioned above.
Standards are prepared to bracket the analytical values.
Standards are really documentation.
Standards are regular variations of shapes that are straight and symmetrical.
Standards are relatively easy to develop.
Standards are relatively inexpensive and can be obtained from most sources that sell meters.
Standards are relevant to corporate operations.
Standards are rigorous and expectations are high.
Standards are rigorous.
Standards are rules.
Standards are similar in most Southeastern states with only Louisiana requiring less.
Standards are similar to the national accreditation standards for child care centers.
Standards are sites of social power.
Standards are slow to evolve because there is so much innovation in the marketplace.
Standards are so much higher now.
Standards are specific criteria recommended for implementing goals and policies.
Standards are specific principles or criteria, established by authority or convention.
Standards are standards and if they go out the window for one, they go for all.
Standards are standards.
Standards are statements about what is valued.
Standards are stationary designs, mobile frames with air cushions or with wheels for rail transport.
Standards are still in the pipeline.
Standards are strict.
Standards are subject to change at any time.
Standards are such conventions.
Standards are sure to shake out.
Standards are the backbone of industry and trade.
Standards are the backbone of virtually every human endeavor.
Standards are the basis for achieving interoperability between products from different vendors.
Standards are the basis for consensus and allow to manage interaction semantics.
Standards are the benchmarks for best teaching practices.
Standards are the cornerstone of the global information age.
Standards are the cornerstone of trust between lenders and borrowers.
Standards are the criteria against which performance is judged.
Standards are the criteria against which programs assess quality.
Standards are the foundation of any accreditation program.
Standards are the foundation upon which interoperability and accessibility rest.
Standards are the industry's way of codifying obsolescence.
Standards are the key to open markets.
Standards are the key.
Standards are the mechanism of co-operative development.
Standards are the ratchets which catch and hold progress.
Standards are the roadbed of the information highway.
Standards are the same as for record qualification.
Standards are the same for all cadets, regardless of age or gender.
Standards are the things that make the Internet work.
Standards are the way to that future.
Standards are then to be developed regarding waivers.
Standards are then very, very basic.
Standards are theoretically simple technical rules, playing no favorites.
Standards are there to save time, save re-inventing the wheel, ensure nothing is missed.
Standards are timeless .
Standards are to be refined, altered, added to and changed.
Standards are to include the utilization of state adopted curricula for each vocational program.
Standards are too low and children are being cheated in too many government schools.
Standards are too low.
Standards are too variable.
Standards are tough.
Standards are tougher.
Standards are typically more concrete statements on content and processes.
Standards are uniform and quality is consistent throughout the small and large districts.
Standards are uniform learning goals for each year in reading, writing, math and communication.
Standards are universal.
Standards are useful, but experience shows that help is needed in applying standards.
Standards are valuable.
Standards are values.
Standards are very high and all pupils achieve their full potential in most subjects.
Standards are very high in all departments, especially meals, which rate a special mention.
Standards are very high, and the quality and quantity in other shows is a big factor to consider.
Standards are very high.
Standards are very important in the software world.
Standards are vital to the exchange of information among parties.
Standards are vital, and deserve a little care.
Standards are vital.
Standards are warm white slightly veined yellow gold at midribs and yellow gold at base.
Standards are what created the industry.
Standards are what make platform independent technologies like the Internet possible.
Standards are what make the computer industry go.
Standards are, of course, also developed in Canada by a variety of standards writing organizations.
Standards are, of course, essential.
Standards arise for evaluating technology providers.
Standards assume multiple meanings and undergo considerable negotiation.
Standards assure equitable access to school counseling programs for all students.
Standards based cataloging is more affordable to small libraries when they are shared.
Standards based instruction is intentional and consistent across all classroom and grade levels.
Standards based means the sets operate across all switch types.
Standards based programs respect the abilities and limitations of both participants and animals.
Standards based reform has different meanings to different people.
Standards based software is faster to build, more reliable and easier to maintain.
Standards become ever tighter, it seems.
Standards become parts of codes and procedures so that products can be compatible.
Standards below are adjustable, prerequisite, discretionary.
Standards benefit all users.
Standards benefit from a broad public review.
Standards can almost appear 'harsh' in colour when set next to a quality violet.
Standards can also fall out of favor.
Standards can also specify the steps for constructing something.
Standards can be advanced to ANSI with outstanding negative votes.
Standards can be either relative or absolute.
Standards can be large and showy while miniatures are better for warmer growing conditions.
Standards can be mandatory or voluntary.
Standards can be numerical limits, narrative statements, or best management practices.
Standards can be obtain from commercial sources as well as from the standards-issuing agencies.
Standards can be of enormous help in the early years of a movement.
Standards can be results based if they are uniform and subject to reciprocity.
Standards can be voluntary or mandatory, considering the context.
Standards can become obstacles to trade.
Standards can begin to shape classroom cultures.
Standards can bring focus and organization.
Standards can come in a variety of forms.
Standards can guide promising changes in curriculum and professional development.
Standards can have several effects.
Standards can make a difference .
Standards can make a difference.
Standards can play a central role in the process of improvement.
Standards can provide structure, links and direction.
Standards can serve as icons against which student performance is compared.
Standards can vary among countries when it comes to animal welfare issues as well.
Standards can vary.
Standards certainly have the potential to raise the overall quality of toys.
Standards change continually for donating blood.
Standards change continually.
Standards change slightly depending upon the heating system.
Standards change, and so programs have to change to fit in the new mold.
Standards clarify and make labeling consistent, protecting the integrity of the organic guarantee.
Standards come in many forms.
Standards come in many sizes and shapes, and some are better than others.
Standards concerning grade averages and LSAT scores vary from school to school.
Standards concerning the print size and type are essential.
Standards contain many quality indicators that support a happy customer.
Standards continue to drive computing forward.
Standards continue to proliferate.
Standards contribute to clear communications and consistent systems development.
Standards contribute to increasing reliability and effectiveness of goods and services.
Standards convey the essential nature of tasks through succinct statements of objectives.
Standards cost money to implement and use.
Standards cost money.
Standards cover hazards relating to a product's use of electricity.
Standards create rules.
Standards defeat the objective of tailoring technology to meet unique needs.
Standards define a profession and help it grow.
Standards define desirable and achievable levels of performance.
Standards define interoperability between equipment and facilitate attractive end user applications.
Standards define mandatory requirements for IS auditing and reporting.
Standards define mandatory requirements.
Standards define quality.
Standards define the desired results of schooling.
Standards define the properties, strength, size, shape, etc. of materials and components.
Standards define things like naming conventions, commenting style, and error handling.
Standards define what it takes to know or do something well.
Standards defined at the federal level have a rippling effect throughout state and local government.
Standards depend on the customer That was then, and a lot of bridge building has been done since.
Standards describe specifically what a student knows and can do.
Standards develop the core of knowledge and allow for the use of many resources.
Standards differ from one accrediting agency to another.
Standards differ in many ways from country to country, and for different applications.
Standards differ quite whether public or private.
Standards differ, however.
Standards drive a program strong in research-based curriculum and assessment.
Standards driven reform is an idea that has been sweeping across the nation.
Standards eliminate management pressures by eliminating personality from tough decisions.
Standards emerge, tools improve, and developers acquire experience.
Standards emphasize the integrated use of biographies, primary sources, speeches, and literature.
Standards enable applications and technology to work together.
Standards enable automated searches.
Standards enable customers to select from a range of safe, effective electrical products.
Standards enable to be in agreement with present and future regulations.
Standards encourage competition, which lowers costs.
Standards ensure that students are working at grade level before being promoted.
Standards Enter document numbers, keywords, or both.
Standards establish a clear communication of capability between the customer and the supplier.
Standards establish a level of performance for a product, system or process.
Standards establish how two codecs communicate or 'talk to each other'.
Standards establish how two codecs communicate.
Standards establish requirements.
Standards established by several professional organizations require completion of specific courses.
Standards established by the private-sector is a worldwide trend.
Standards everywhere are very high.
Standards evolve from social norms.
Standards evolve to address business needs of the affected constituents.
Standards exist for billing, late payment charges, security deposits and discontinuance of service.
Standards exist for both developers and distributors .
Standards exist for creating, processing and storing.
Standards exist for defining interfaces.
Standards exist for file formats and are in development for administrative metadata.
Standards exist in Australia for the creation and maintenance of metadata.
Standards exist to insure proper polarity for three pin XLRs.
Standards explicate the knowledge base of a scientifcally literate populace.
Standards fall but the public take some time to realise.
Standards focus a school's goals.
Standards focus on educational benefits achieved when technology is used well.
Standards forbid burst errors that contain seven or more sequential error frames.
Standards form the base upon which the certification criteria are built.
Standards form the basis for congruence among curriculum, instruction, and assessment.
Standards get mixed reviews.
Standards give fairly specific detail on the color schemes and layout of the warning.
Standards give kids goals.
Standards give parents more specific information for helping their children at home.
Standards governing the use of the logo specify approved sizes, ink colors and placement.
Standards hasten the implementation of new technology and reduce development costs.
Standards have a vital role in the operation of the Web in general.
Standards have an important role is creating trade barriers.
Standards have an important role to play within all areas of human endeavor.
Standards have the obvious appeal of facilitating the sharing of information.
Standards have the potential to lower costs further as biometrics become commodity items.
Standards have their own tortured history, though.
Standards have three height settings for all ages including tournament play.
Standards have to be cared for, they have to be fed, they have to evolve or they become extinct.
Standards have to be complete enough so that vendors can do their own independent implementations.
Standards have to be driven by customers' needs.
Standards have to be established so that the network can understand the mean of the program.
Standards have to be fair or they have to be replaced.
Standards have to be maintained.
Standards have to be set by national governments.
Standards help both teachers and parents understand the expectations for the year.
Standards help coordinate what is taught in the different classrooms.
Standards help ensure consistency of writing and formatting throughout all manuals.
Standards help organizations comply with current and future legislative requirements.
Standards help parents search for evidence of learning.
Standards help push back and control pollution.
Standards help reduce the subjectivity of scoring.
Standards help schools and parents determine what they each can do to help students achieve.
Standards help students, but they also put responsibility squarely on their shoulders.
Standards help teachers focus on teaching a specific body of knowledge and skills.
Standards help the industry.
Standards help tie the structure together.
Standards help youth resist temptation.
Standards here are quite low.
Standards Here are some time fire standards to practice.
Standards hold steady for consistent plowing depth and width.
Standards hold together all networks, from a simple home installation to the world wide internet.
Standards imply accountability.
Standards inform teachers, parents, students, employers and colleges of our curriculum's rigor.
Standards insure quality, identify goals, and promote change.
Standards is a deceptive animal.
Standards is a network of students that deals with disability issues relating to learning.
Standards is a popular buzzword that is extremely difficult to define.
Standards is a scary word.
Standards is as original as a dream.
Standards is disarmingly stunning and instantaneously consuming.
Standards is one of the missing links in our offering.
Standards is the way to go for success.
Standards is their lack of balance.
Standards keep things in balance.
Standards lead to reduced risk, lower prices and increasing numbers of users.
Standards lower the barrier for entering a market.
Standards make clear what ought to be accomplished.
Standards make everything easier, and safer for everybody.
Standards make for consistency for customers.
Standards make good business sense.
Standards make good learning evident from district to district and from school to school.
Standards make it easier for developers to build applications that people can use.
Standards make it easier for people with disabilities to use the Web.
Standards make sense from everyone's point of view.
Standards make sense in the context of training for a chosen profession.
Standards make the advertising development and evaluation process more efficient for advertisers.
Standards matter only when they count.
Standards mean business .
Standards mean business.
Standards measure proficiency.
Standards mention faults as well as disqualifications but the intent is to describe the ideal.
Standards normally contain recommended limits for a number of lighting parameters.
Standards normally do best in large planters where their roots have more room to roam.
Standards now provide a common framework for all students.
Standards occupy a significant place in the life of consumers and businesses.
Standards offer a guidepost for many different purposes and audiences.
Standards offer museums a means to communicate, interoperate, and collaborate.
Standards only have value when they are effectively implemented throughout an organization.
Standards only work if everybody can see that they mean something.
Standards operate to close opportunities for low-income and minority students.
Standards outline what a student needs to both know and do in a particular subject.
Standards place minimum burden on Web masters.
Standards play a critical role in product development and interoperability.
Standards play a dominant role in every sphere.
Standards play a key role in the technology.
Standards play a vital role in international trade.
Standards play off each other . . . . .
Standards prescribe appropriate targets, targets, density and.
Standards probably get just a bit too much flak.
Standards promise to restore the social order both in schools and in teacher education programs.
Standards promote interoperability.
Standards promote mixed ability grouping.
Standards promote modularity, high quality, reliability, reusability, portability and scalability.
Standards Promote the development and implementation of standards.
Standards promote the success of all students.
Standards promote uniformity and thus avoid irregularities or undesirable variations in a product.
Standards proves they can.
Standards provide a bright line test whereby precise comparisons can be made.
Standards provide a guideline for textbook adoptions and curriculum revisions.
Standards provide a high degree of global order in the modern world.
Standards provide a menu from which to select the portions to be implemented.
Standards provide a powerful mechanism to improve cost and quality.
Standards provide a way of connecting the entire education system.
Standards provide a way to measure student progress.
Standards provide another tool parents can use to hold schools accountable.
Standards provide clear, consistent targets.
Standards provide for a common communications medium.
Standards provide guidance to drive conformance to a common set of specifications.
Standards provide guidelines to be used in designing specific building components or systems.
Standards provide high expectations for all students and teachers.
Standards provide opportunity for staff development.
Standards provide safety or performance requirements for products and services.
Standards provide the criteria for evaluating instruction and assessing learning.
Standards provide the direction for continuous program improvement.
Standards provide the platform from which technological advances spring.
Standards provide thorough analysis of most business practices.
Standards range from poor to adequate.
Standards really do make a difference.
Standards reduce unnecessary duplication of effort, and provide a quality benchmark.
Standards reflect the educational priorities of each community.
Standards reflecting administration and management data needs are under consideration.
Standards regarding the distribution of income exemplify the issue.
Standards reinforce the Biblical concept of impartial accountability.
Standards relate to analysis of data, inspections, sampling, auditing of systems, etc.
Standards relate to the use and appurtenances of microforms.
Standards remain standards.
Standards remain to be developed.
Standards represent both requisite program outcomes and standards for excellence.
Standards represent significant investments for the entire health care industry.
Standards require at least one hour of treatment per week for a minimum of sixteen weeks.
Standards require more space and are a bigger job to prune and harvest.
Standards require that all applicants be accepted.
Standards return control to where it belongs, customers.
Standards seek to ensure prompt, adequate, and lawful assistance to clients.
Standards seem to get higher each year and the floats even bigger and brighter.
Standards seem, at times, to be actually smiling in pictures.
Standards seems to have been approached with the intent of rectifying that situation.
Standards serve as a common target for students, staff and parents.
Standards serve as rigorous goals for teaching and learning.
Standards serve as the focus for instruction.
Standards serve the community when they reflect the collective values of the citizens.
Standards set at the top, have little or no lasting effect.
Standards set for Ontario are potentially applicable to other boreal forest regions.
Standards set forth performance expectations for activities that affect the quality of patient care.
Standards set targets for performance, and assessments are intended to measure results.
Standards setting by private groups can be helpful to both consumers and industry.
Standards setting groups can provide a valuable service.
Standards shift the battle to a long-term struggle for market share.
Standards simplify the flow of products and information.
Standards slows down and rainforest-type noises appear.
Standards span wages, health care, full-time hours.
Standards start the conversation of making education more challenging for everyone.
Standards stem from personal values and are usually accepted without conscious appraisal.
Standards support equity as well.
Standards take awhile to stabilize, and a while more to get cheap.
Standards take forever, for Gods sake they are still working on Fortran.
Standards tell parents what the School District expects students to learn.
Standards tend to exist in a state of tension, pulled between twin forces.
Standards tend to expand network effects, reduce uncertainty, and reduce consumer lock-in.
Standards tend to lag behind technology.
Standards tend to last longer if the lube level is maintained.
Standards There are strict requirements for the grant of utility patents and design patents.
Standards torment progressive educationalists.
Standards track documents usually make it all the way through the process to become standards.
Standards track PEPs consists of two parts, a design document and a reference implementation.
Standards track QoS and differential service features.
Standards vary a great deal from company to company.
Standards vary according to regional and site specific conditions.
Standards vary across disability categories.
Standards vary at the shoestring level.
Standards vary by company and by country however.
Standards vary by the type of structure and the type of insulation material.
Standards vary by zoning district.
Standards vary from academy to academy, however.
Standards vary from beginner to the elite, everyone is welcome to compete at their own level.
Standards vary from company to company.
Standards vary from country to country.
Standards vary from place to place and from time to time.
Standards vary from province to province, but environmentalists say they are generally far too lax.
Standards vary from school to school so find out what they are and start early.
Standards vary from state to state, and also within the individual states.
Standards vary from state to state.
Standards vary greatly.
Standards vary in cost, based on their length.
Standards vary in court facilities across the province.
Standards vary in different provinces.
Standards vary in different school districts.
Standards vary incredibly and often with ridiculous results.
Standards vary somewhat.
Standards vary widely.
Standards work best when they are based on existing installed technologies.
Standards work when they codify our internal values and respect our individuality.
Standards work, particularly in the digital realm, is never static.
Standards often feel remote and abstract, yet they have impact on our lives every day.
Standards often lag behind the introduction of new features.
Standards often requires assistance.
Standards usually appear only after the inital acceptor markets have been saturated.
Standards usually define the volume, timeliness, and quality of performance.
Standards usually follow the French or European norm.
All standards apply equally to men and women, fathers and mothers.
All standards apply to both marine and fresh water.
All standards applying to each method of payment apply in a combined mailing, unless excepted below.
All standards are available in full-text.
All standards are fully configurable to the needs of each individual trading partner.
All standards are in accordance with federal laws with respect to satisfactory progress.
All standards are in checklist format.
All standards are to be reevaluated to assure they do so.
All standards are to include an explicit statement for the services users can reasonably expect.
All standards are welcome from complete beginners through to serious tournament players.
All standards are welcome, from the simply amateur to the seriously committed.
All standards are welcome.
All standards establish a baseline of performance .
All standards have a good side and an evil side.
All standards have a written exam that tests the student at the appropriate level.
All standards play with the club.
All standards refer to the best vision, with or without corrective lenses.
All standards require that the bar code have a certain quality level.
All standards seem to have merits and disadvantages like bandwidth, capacity and features.
All standards welcome.
Any standard chosen is arbitrary, purely subjective, in short a judgment of value.
Every standard is organized under the umbrella of a more general concept in science.
Many standards apply to more than one kind of customer.
Many standards are available, and technology is mature, stable, and well understood.
Many standards are similar throughout the certificate areas and are provided below.
Many standards are timeless, but there are some that are definitely period pieces.
Many standards are under consideration.
Many standards exist for proper design, maintenance, and operation of ventilation systems.
Many standards exist for representing characters on computer systems.
Many standards have elements from all three traditional discipline areas.
Many standards have implications beyond the United States.
Many standards have nothing at all to do with safety.
Many standards have optional parts, or parameters that can affect interoperability.
Many standards require testing of both the positive and negative polarity pulses.
More standards are on their way, including standards for privacy.
Most standards acquire funkiness as they age.
Most standards also have guidance notes which explain, or put into context the various criteria.
Most standards are available as part of a subscription service.
Most standards are highly specific.
Most standards have some value under certain circumstances.
Most standards require payment.
Most standards require periodic revision.
Most standards use income at the time of the award to set the award as a fixed-dollar amount.
Some standard is enforced.
Some standards also are applicable to surface operations.
Some standards apply to all judges and some standards apply to judges of a specific court.
Some standards are available in fulltext, others are still hard copies available for loan.
Some standards are extremely rigorous, and others are very easy.
Some standards are just about impossible.
Some standards are mandatory and some are voluntary.
Some standards are voluntary while compliance with others is required by law.
Some standards cover more functionality than the other.
Some standards exist for PTO speeds and driveshaft connections, as described in the table below.
Some standards govern all worksites generally, and other standards address specific industries.
Some standards have subsequent standards for the test methodology and assertions to be tested.
Some standards impose similar requirements on all industry sectors.
Some standards simply call for knowledge of academic skills.
Standardbred horses can also learn to tolt, depending on their conformation.
Standardisation brings enormous benefits to industry and users alike.
Standardisation covers materials, process stages and routinisation of skills.
Standardisation enables communication between and within information systems.
Standardisation gives co-ordination and efficiency.
Standardisation has definite advantages.
Standardisation has many benefits if it is carried out with strong principles and sound guidelines.
Standardisation is a key element in increasing the efficiency of cross-border retail payments.
Standardisation is an activity
Standardisation is essential for the efficient and reliable exchange of information.
Standardisation is important in many areas.
Standardisation is irrelevant.
Standardisation is much touted, but it does nothing to overcome the difficulties outlined here.
Standardisation is necessary, but premature.
Standardisation is of prime importance in the multimedia and hypermedia applications markets.
Standardisation is often key to progress, and that s something to encourage.
Standardisation is primarily the responsibility of the private sector.
Standardisation is the key to success.
Standardisation is time consuming, often has low academic content, and is a long term activity.
Standardisation is what makes competition thrive and technologies succeed in the marketplace.
Standardisation makes comparisons easy.
Standardisation remains the most valuable but elusive goal.
Standardisation seems to be one of the crucial points to solve today.
Standardisation serves to reduce risk and share experience .
Standardised reports are available on request.
Standardised units have the following advantages.
Standardization also brings down artificial barriers to trade.
Standardization also ensures an ease of compatibility which is crucial in the computer market.
Standardization also extends to equipment calibrations.
Standardization also helps simplify system administration, training and compatibility issues.
Standardization also is crucial to an open exchange.
Standardization also means that the same basic software tools are used on both platforms.
Standardization also minimizes errors due to end point detection and other systematic errors.
Standardization attempts to isolate active constituents for a very limited function.
Standardization brings two distinct advantages.
Standardization can be good or bad.
Standardization can come later, after implementation and authoring experience.
Standardization can result in less choice for consumers.
Standardization can take place, however, one step back from that.
Standardization can, of course, reduce options and in some cases impact quality.
Standardization creates operating efficiencies that effectively reduce operating cost.
Standardization enables every task within a network environment to be accomplished more efficiently.
Standardization enhances safety, a fact that China very clearly understands.
Standardization ensures commonality and consistency of data and format.
Standardization ensures consistent quality.
Standardization facilitates comparison of individuals by providing a common focus and metric.
Standardization facilitates recycling.
Standardization facilitates successful movement and transportation.
Standardization guarantees a consistent level of the key compounds in botanical extracts.
Standardization guarantees that each capsule provides the same amount of therapeutic activity.
Standardization happens with clearly identified treatment protocols for specific patients.
Standardization has a direct relationship to the ability to support our educational network.
Standardization has risks.
Standardization has several immediate and tangible benefits.
Standardization helps developers design new products.
Standardization helps keep EBT project costs to a minimum.
Standardization helps to lower operating costs, and reliability reduces downtime.
Standardization here is a significant constraint on any web site that submits to it.
Standardization improves objectivity because everyone uses the same procedures.
Standardization improves performance.
Standardization improves quality and comparability.
Standardization increases reliability.
Standardization is a critical issues since so many systems are being developed simultaneously.
Standardization is a difficult concept to define.
Standardization is a fairly new concept.
Standardization is a godsend to designers.
Standardization is a huge element of usability.
Standardization is a key element to success for all players.
Standardization is a new buzz word that is really a double-edged sword.
Standardization is a statistical technique for eliminating the difference in age composition.
Standardization is already too pervasive in our culture.
Standardization is also a challenge as it has been for other data storage technologies.
Standardization is also important.
Standardization is an activity
Standardization is an area to work toward.
Standardization is an important first step.
Standardization is an important issue with the use of herbal remedies.
Standardization is an important step towards building a harmonized economic market.
Standardization is an obvious improvement from a professional quality perspective.
Standardization is another challenge.
Standardization is another enabler used to meet business objectives.
Standardization is another important issue.
Standardization is another issue.
Standardization is carried out at international, regional, national and company levels.
Standardization is carried out on a daily basis and is continuous.
Standardization is cheap, and if nothing really fits, the consolation is that it almost does.
Standardization is conditions.
Standardization is defined as conforming to a standard.
Standardization is determined by an animal potency test.
Standardization is especially important if several people write the procedures.
Standardization is essential for realizing the interoperability of any information networks.
Standardization is essential to open trade and as such is naturally a factor in business strategies.
Standardization is essential when comparing data from various kits.
Standardization is good, but competition is better.
Standardization is good.
Standardization is great Y R Especially helpful for less experienced applicants.
Standardization is heard of, but according to some musicians is undesirable.
Standardization is important and widespread in the state.
Standardization is important for certain herbs.
Standardization is important for communication purposes, especially in areas like database searches.
Standardization is important for improved efficiencies.
Standardization is important, but so is convincing users to bother looking at what's being pushed.
Standardization is important.
Standardization is key.
Standardization is meant to address the fragmentation problem.
Standardization is necessarily slow and deliberate.
Standardization is often a give and take process with some partners losing and others gaining.
Standardization is one obvious way of approaching the problem.
Standardization is one of the local chain's hallmarks.
Standardization is one, particularly in wireless.
Standardization is required for the overall good of the activity.
Standardization is social control.
Standardization is the elimination of discretion or choice.
Standardization is the enemy of effective public schools.
Standardization is the essence of flight safety and safety on the airport surface.
Standardization is the extent to which similar work activities are performed in a uniform manner.
Standardization is the issue.
Standardization is the key.
Standardization is the missing piece to information distribution information on the Web.
Standardization is the only way to guarantee any level of quality control in an herbal product.
Standardization is the present and future way for the herb industry and herbal treatment in general.
Standardization is the process of defining exactly how a technology functions.
Standardization is the reason why the PC industry has been so successful in the past.
Standardization is the very essence of franchising.
Standardization is therefore difficult.
Standardization is valuable here because it enhances communication.
Standardization is valuable to a far-flung operation.
Standardization is very important and is used to make manufacturing management decisions.
Standardization kills a library's ability to evolve rapidly.
Standardization leads to a fall in the growth rate of productivity.
Standardization lends itself to consolidation.
Standardization makes it possible to provide high quality assistance and service.
Standardization means interchangeable parts.
Standardization minimizes the support cost, thereby minimizing overall cost.
Standardization needs to be addressed before Internet telephony goes mainstream.
Standardization needs to be carefully planned by teachers and administrators.
Standardization occurs at the sub-chip level and customization at the device level.
Standardization promotes interoperability.
Standardization provides a guaranteed amount of active ingredient in each product.
Standardization Provides uniformity in test administration and scoring by different examiners.
Standardization recasts the variables into dimensionless z-score units.
Standardization serves to establish visual consistency in safety signs.
Standardization takes the uncertainty out of buying herbal supplements.
Standardization tends to increase vendor competition by leveling the playing field.
Standardization wins every time.
Standardized abbreviations list.
Standardized acid is added from a buret until the indicator changes color.
Standardized approvals represent an updated approach to the certificate of approvals process.
Standardized assessments are essentially tests of reading and writing skills.
Standardized assessments refer to either norm-referenced or criterion referenced assessments.
Standardized benefits allow purchasers to make apples to apples comparisons.
Standardized containers clarify the quantity of items being sold and the price per pound to be paid.
Standardized criteria are essential when comparing textbooks.
Standardized criteria based on analysis of a series of cases can answer such questions.
Standardized criteria order our approaches to the study of disease cause, course, and therapy.
Standardized curriculum standardizes students.
Standardized data are a necessity in a computerized database.
Standardized data is essentially more meaningful, more powerful, and easier to store.
Standardized Desktops are no longer just a concept.
Standardized disclosures are one such necessary ingredient.
Standardized documents allow companies to exchange data.
All standardized exams are very crude instruments.
Standardized examinations are part of the admission process to many programs.
Standardized extracts are available from several companies.
Standardized extracts are the best.
Standardized features allow the device to be mounted easily in many configurations .
Standardized fields facilitate searching across all databases.
Standardized hardware allows the efficient cloning of properly configured mail servers.
Standardized herbs play a role in the drug model of herbal medicine.
Standardized ideas don t work.
Standardized indexes are available for coding observations.
Standardized instruction leads to convergent thinking by the learners.
Standardized interpretation is still just the tyranny of the majority dressed up in buzzword-bingo.
Standardized metadata provides vendor neutrality.
Standardized patients are an important part of the learning and assessment systems.
Standardized patients are persons trained to portray actual patients in a consistent fashion.
Standardized patients help teach and test clinical skills.
Standardized practice is implemented to deliver quality product to our customers.
Standardized practice is, in essence, malpractice.
Standardized preparations offer the most consistently potent formulas.
Standardized procedures are more effective.
Standardized procedures require the use of control organisms.
Standardized procedures require the use of laboratory control organisms.
Standardized procedures simplify interpretation, reducing repeat and unnecessary testing.
Standardized process reduces the number of manual operations required giving predictable quality.
Standardized products are preferable .
Standardized products can replace any existing standard showerhead or handshower.
Standardized protocols allow direct comparisons across sites.
Standardized questionnaires are important tools to accurately measure child victimization.
Standardized reports display activity by time span, host and service.
Standardized schools create thin and insipid places of learning.
Standardized scores compare team and individual scores to the normative sample.
Standardized scores have a mean of zero and a standard deviation of one.
Standardized scores take into account the relative difficulty of each exam.
Standardized screen is utilized.
Some standardized steps can help to ensure that good quality service is provided to clients.
Standardized support means Perspective works in almost every development environment.
Standardized surveys are one way of assessing student, faculty and alumni perceptions.
Any standardized system offering sales commissions to other websites is an Associate program.
Standardized test offer limited information to evaluate technology programs.
Standardized tests affect children in other ways.
Standardized tests apply equally to all applicants.
Standardized tests apply similar gauges to everyone in a specific grade level.
Standardized tests are a helpful tool in educational decision making when used correctly.
Standardized tests are a vehicle for maintaining andperpetuating the status quo.
Standardized tests are also available to assess general education.
Standardized tests are another factor that cause teachers to push.
Standardized tests are another reality.
Standardized tests are basically meaningless.
Standardized tests are big news in schools today.
Standardized tests are equally useful educational evaluators for all students, regardless of race.
Standardized tests are familiar to everyone who has been through the public school system.
Standardized tests are generally part of every school's package of data.
Standardized tests are great for measuring some concepts, such as vocabulary or math computation.
Standardized tests are just one component of the government's plan for quality education.
Standardized tests are just one measure of a child's academic proficiency.
Standardized tests are just one of the ways that school evaluate children's abilities.
Standardized tests are mandatory.
Standardized tests are nothing to fear.
Standardized tests are objective tests that are usually created by commercial test publishers.
Standardized tests are particularly useful at all three levels.
Standardized tests are simply a way of identifying a method of testing all students universally.
Standardized tests are so controversial.
Standardized tests are still indispensable.
Standardized tests are strong on reliability.
Standardized tests are the only game in town.
Standardized tests assess only limited kinds of thinking.
Standardized tests can also drive curriculum and instruction in ways that harm children.
Standardized tests can also reveal problems in the curriculum itself.
Standardized tests can be a disservice to some students.
Standardized tests can help teachers and administrators make decisions.
Standardized tests can provide important diagnostic information for educators.
Standardized tests compare children s performance to the norm for their grade level.
Standardized tests confirm the intellectual ability of students educated in two languages.
Standardized tests fail miserably at evaluating such skills.
Standardized tests focus on logical-mathematical and linguistic intelligence only.
Standardized tests gauge native ability, while grades reflect level of work.
Standardized Tests Get Personal .
Standardized Tests Get the scoop on each of the standardized tests.
Standardized tests give the same questions to everyone taking the test.
Standardized tests have limitations.
Standardized tests have their uses, but they remain incomplete measures of performance.
Standardized tests help evaluate progress in key areas.
Standardized tests help improve education.
Standardized tests impoverish the curriculum and undermine excellence.
Standardized tests lack emotional maturity.
Standardized tests lack predictive validity.
Standardized tests measure all students against the same standard.
Standardized tests play a profound role in shaping the destiny of many individuals.
Standardized tests present another serious impediment.
Standardized tests promote under achievement.
Standardized tests provide norms, which allow comparison of the student to peers.
Standardized tests provide the opposite of accountability.
Standardized tests require students to follow directions.
Standardized tests seem to be the cause of most anxiety for teachers within the district.
Standardized tests serve to narrow the curriculum.
Standardized tests show a school wide improvement of students computational abilities.
Standardized tests succeed only in ranking pedestrian performances.
Standardized tests work well for secondary schools because the curriculum is more universal.
Many standardized tests have separate answer sheets.
Many standardized tests incorporate a calculator as part of the mathematics and science portions.
Many standardized tests show entrepreneurs as goal-oriented achievers.
Some standardized tests are available for evaluating development.
Standardized testing can be a godsend for some.
Standardized testing has similar shortcomings.
Standardized testing indicates that our students have sustained high levels of achievement.
Standardized testing is a growing phenomenon in schools.
Standardized testing is a requirement for the admissions process.
Standardized testing is big business.
Standardized testing is conducted annually as one means of assessing student achievement.
Standardized testing is fairly new in Mexico.
Standardized testing is only a part of the student assessment.
Standardized testing is required.
Standardized testing is the worst thing a government can do to students.
Standardized testing is unavailable for many uncommon potential pollutants.
Standardized testing reins superior.
Standardized textbooks are one of schools' most wasteful expenditures.
Standardized time is an invention of the modern era.
Standardized treatment offers the greatest opportunity for controlling tuberculosis.
Standards boards solicit entries into the standards process from the technical public.
Standards bodies are logjams.
Standards bodies are slow, ineffecient and ineffective.
Standards bodies can no longer operate in the vacuum of their own industry.
Standards bodies have to get some money in order to do the job they have to do.
Standards bodies suck, plain and simple.
Some standards bodies have patent rules.
Standards committee develops new electronic usage data element .
Standards committees are too slow to respond to the current fluid situation in the market.
Standards compliance adds value to IT planning, management, and services.
Standards compliance ensures the freedom of choice.
Standards compliance is also important.
Standards compliance is required to minimize system maintenance and improve system efficiency.
Standards compliance makes it easier for people with special needs to use the Web.
Standards organisations can cooperate to produce joint publications and standards.
Many standards organisations exist.
Standards organizations are hotbeds of partisanship, and that's fine.
Standards organizations build solutions.
Standards organizations define sets of sizes that are conventionally manufactured and stocked.
Many standards organizations require members to disclose intellectual property interests.
Most standards organizations have specific processes for turning ideas into formal standards.
Standards sizes are plentiful and reasonable.
Standards systems based on the professional model combine two basic elements.
Some standards work makes a distinction between QoS and class of service .
Most standby credits issued by banks expire after one year.
Some standby credits are clean.
Standby current is only picoamperes.
Standby currents occur with no operation in progress.
Standby duty requires employees to be accessible, available, and able to report for duty if called.
Standby families exist because of the standby guardianship law.
Standby function prevents unnecessary irrigation during rainy weather.
Standby lighting has a layout similar to continuous lighting.
Standby mode differs slightly from room to room, depending on the available equipment.
Standby partners are available, and kibitzers are always welcome.
Standby pay is also a contract provision.
Standby power is an important requirement for poultry farmers.
Standby processor is therefore ready to go into active state at all time.
Standby soldiers are in an active status.
Standby tickets are available for most shows.
Standby time is an important factor in selecting a phone.
Standby time refers to the length of time a phone can be used away from the base.
A standby is an artifact
Standby guardians for minor children.
Standby leaves the system lights normally lit.
Standby monitor present.
Standby travel only.
Standbys differ from documentary credits in several important respects.
A stander is an organism
Standers have to stay alert.
All stander are growth adjustable for maximal cost effectiveness.
A standing room is a position
Standing room is available along the parade route.
Standing allows everyone to attend to the sacredness of the moment.
Standing allows greater freedom of movement.
Standing allows the cinnamon sugar to get moistened a bit and tastes better.
Standing allows the person to exert greater forces.
Standing also requires a slightly higher level of turn-on than the other positions.
Standing are lists.
Standing are motion.
Standing are situations.
Standing are status.
Standing becomes more exciting than sitting.
Standing can be a psychological boost.
Standing can look very confrontational.
Standing improves the atmosphere in a ground.
Standing includes any person directly and substantially affected.
Standing indicates a readiness for action.
Standing indicates debris on the track.
Standing introduces the vertical dimension to vision and the tracking of eyes in all directions.
Standing is established through being a 'real party in interest' and it is statutorily controlled.
Standing is permitted in loading zones while a delivery or pick-up is being made.
Standing is permitted only when the bus reaches full seating capacity.
Standing let's the flesh of the bird firm up, allowing the carved slices to hold together better.
Standing means an emergency vehicle is on the course.
Standing requires injury to a legally cognizable interest.
Standing says somethings.
Standing still is a moving experience.
Standing still is a viable option.
Standing still is deadly for a band.
Standing still is death.
Standing still is equivalent, bicycle-style, to falling over.
Standing still is no way to live.
Standing still is often the best way to reduce aggression in the dog that is chasing.
Standing still leads to more standing still.
Standing still means falling behind.
Standing still requires considerable muscular effort.
Standing still seems mundane, yet it has proved to be remarkably complicated.
Standing succeeds mostly as an exercise in sharp relief.
Standing suggests energy but is more dominant.
Standing symbolizes an active response of praise, thanksgiving and commitment.
Standings Allows the user to select which flights to display standings for.
Standings are available at any time during the race.
Standings are available.
Standings are in the mail.
Standings are now up to date.
Standings are online .
Standings determine medal-round seedings.
Standings indicate how teams are positioned to make the playoffs.
Standings Keep an eye on the playoff races in each of pro football's divisions.
Standings reflect all games reported to the webmaster.
Standings reflect the most recent intramural reports.
Standings sometimes lie.
All standings are complete for the season.
All standings are final.
All standings are updates as information becomes available.
More standing still occurs until finally the door starts to close.
Standish officer helps choking prisoner.
Standish officer uses first aid skills to save prisoner.
A standoff is finish
Standoffs have equal lenght.
Standoffs keep the ladder away from walls to allow plenty of room and reduce chances of slipping.
Standoffs support ladder at the pontoon.
A standpipe is a pipe
Standpipes are an economical alternative to elevated storage tanks.
Standpipes are pipes.
Standpipes are still in use today.
Standpipes are the vertical piping that supply water to fight fires on every floor of a high-rise.
Standpipes are the vertical piping that supply water to individual floors in a high rise.
Standpipes drip drip drip clouds porridged splay damp an coughy ohver tree boughz.
Many standpipes are above the surface of the water.
A standpoint is a position
Standpoint represents experts who address healthcare business and management issues.
Standpoint works with individuals and companies with multiple speakers.
Standstill isa condition.
Standtite base holds candles upright in holders.
Stange things start to happen on earth.
Stannic phosphate is a substanoe obtained by the action of phosphoric acid on hydroxide of t.
Stannous fluoride can also irritate the gums.
Stannous fluoride is added to toothpastes and water supplies to prevent tooth decay.
Stannous fluoride is also active against bacteria.
Stannous fluoride is fluoride
Stannous fluoride is fluoride.
A stanza is text
Stanzas are part of poems.
Stanzas are text.
Stanzas connected internally by rhyme can be very long without breaking apart or becoming bloated.
Stanzas consist only of lines and every line is contained by a stanza.
Stanzas enable poets to fashion verbal harmonies difficult to achieve in non-stanzaic verse.
Stanzas serve two purposes.
All stanzas seem to be connected to each other, each taking up an idea expressed in the one before.
Every stanza seems to dovetail effortlessly with every other stanza.
Stanzaic pattern reflects the Patriarchal subdivision of a sonnet to an octet and sestet.
A stapedectomy is ablation
Stapedectomies are ablation.
Stapedectomy is a microsurgical procedure.
Stapedectomy is the best management for the conductive hearing loss caused by otosclerosis.
Stapedectomy is the most common surgical intervention for otosclerosis.
Stapedial reflex is part of topographic testing.
Staph allergies can also be secondary to some primary allergic condition.
Staph bacteria are a frequent cause of infection in burns, skin and surgical wounds.
Staph bacteria are harmless in most healthy people.
Staph bacteria are one of the most common causes of food poisoning.
Staph bacteria are widespread and cause mild to severe skin infections in dogs of all ages.
Staph bacteria can also become resistant to certain antibiotics.
Staph bacteria can cause skin, wound and other infections.
Staph bacteria grows well in high salt concentrations and in high sugar concentrations.
Staph bacteria prefer cooked food high in protein.
Staph bacteria produce a toxin in the food as they multiply.
Staph infection is located in hospitals.
Staph infections are caused by bacteria.
Staph infections are common.
Staph infections are often very hard to get rid of.
Staph infections can spread on objects, as well as from person to person.
Staph infections mutate faster than doctors or sulfa drugs.
Staph infections produce scar tissue and can cause small abscesses to form in the udder.
A staph is a bacteria
Staph can pass from person to person the same way.
Staphylococcal enterotoxins are the best known superantigens.
Staphylococcal infection is infection
Staphylococcal infections are the primary upper respiratory pathogens for all laboratory species.
Staphylococcal infections have no reported racial predilection.
Staphylococcal infections occur variably in outbreak or sporadic form.
Staphylococcal organisms are the leading cause of nosocomial infections.
Staphylococcal pneumonia is a very serious form of the disease and is occasionally fatal.
Staphylococcal poisoning is the most common form of food poisoning in the United States.
Staphylococcus causes illnesses.
Staphylococcus contains elements.
Staphylococcus grows on a presumably safe catheter.
Staphylococcus has (part) cell membranes.
Staphylococcus has (part) cells.
Staphylococcus has (part) corpi.
Staphylococcus has (part) cytoplasm.
Staphylococcus has (part) flagella.
Staphylococcus has (part) nuclei.
Staphylococcus has (part) plasma membranes.
Staphylococcus has (part) sections.
Staphylococcus has (part) vacuoles.
Staphylococcus is a bacteria
Staphylococcus isa bacterium.
Most staphylococcus contains elements.
Some staphylococcus become resistant to penicillin.
Some staphylococcus infects stumps.
Some staphylococcus infects umbilical stumps.
Staple crops are sorghum and millet.
Staple diet is pitta bread which accompanies every dish.
Staple fiber is a relatively minor aspect of the nylon fiber picture.
Staple fiber is natural fiber.
Staple fiber is natural fibre
Staple fibers are fairly short, usually up to two inches in length.
Staple fibers are short fibers measured in inches or fractions thereof.
Staple fibers offer good gasketing and particle retention characteristics.
Staple food provides sources.
Staple foods are an important part of a person's diet.
Staple foods are dumplings made of maize or millet flour, rice or buckwheat.
Staple foods are exempt.
Staple foods are manioc, sweet potato and wild sago.
Staple foods are, millet, rice, sweet potatoes, plantains, beans and manioc.
Most staple food provides sources.
Some staple food includes lentils.
Staple length is the easiest factor to resolve in wool judging.
Staple pullers tear the paper.
A staple is a commodity
Staple abstracts with more than one page.
Staple cables close to outlet boxes to also reduce the possibility of lost cables.
Staple ears together at top.
Staple edges together, leaving an opening, and stuff with scrap paper or newspaper.
Staple ends in place.
Staple ends of string to each handprint.
Staple ends together to secure.
Staple ends together.
Staple envelope to the inside back cover of the script.
Staple isa device.
Staple pages no paper clips.
Staple pages together at upper left corner.
Staple pages together in the upper left corner.
Staple pages together in the upper left-hand corner.
Staple pages together in upper left corner before class.
Staple pages together on the upper left hand corner.
Staple pages together or bind with a book binder.
Staple pages together, or use binders.
Staple pages together.
Staple papers together in upper left corner and fold.
Staple pay stub or other income documents.
Staple pieces together at left side to form a booklet or inside and outside of pumpkin.
Staple posters up on lampposts in busy shopping areas.
Staple receipts to check stubs.
Staple receipts to the outside of the bag.
Staple report together.
Staple sheets together in the upper left-hand corner.
Staple sheets together.
Staple sides together.
Staple works by inhibiting a key plant enzyme.
Staple worksheets together in order from lowest sheet number to highest.
Staples allow for some discoloration.
Staples also has a drop off bin where the money goes into a fund for the whole school system.
Staples also has a rebate section now.
Staples also work.
Staples are a sign of lesser quality if used in place of screws.
Staples are acceptable as long as the edge is inserted toward the bottom of the envelope.
Staples are acceptable.
Staples are all right, glue sticks are better.
Staples are bacon, eggs, hot biscuits, green tea and coffee, dried peaches and apples, and pies.
Staples are cassava, yams and maize.
Staples are clean with no rust.
Staples are connectors.
Staples are construction materials.
Staples are cotton.
Staples are easy to put in place and easy to remove later.
Staples are fish and acorns.
Staples are generally centered and clean with no rust.
Staples are located in boxs.
Staples are located in cabinets.
Staples are located in desks.
Staples are located in offices.
Staples are located in pantries.
Staples are located in staplers.
Staples are located in stores.
Staples are much preferred to paper clips for holding the pages together.
Staples are nails.
Staples are ok.
Staples are okay, but remove paper clips for reuse.
Staples are okay.
Staples are optional.
Staples are smalls.
Staples are sufficient, binding is discouraged.
Staples are used for paper.
Staples are wool.
Staples can cause cuts and plastic wrap can lead to choking or suffocation.
Staples can choose more responsible practices.
Staples can have slight rust.
Staples can work loose.
Staples catalog no.
Staples emphasizes the importance of late-night activity to the local scene.
Staples especially is full of circus whistles and other froufrou.
Staples has it all.
Staples has some great deals today on combo items with rebates.
Staples have (part) sections.
Staples have to be removed just like stitches do.
Staples just make our duplication job harder.
Staples offers a breadth of extracirricular activites and enriching clubs for students.
Staples offers nondiscrimination policy that includes sexual orientation.
Staples offers smaller services at a good price.
Staples operates multiple sales channels in several countries in North America and Europe.
Staples reads all customer feedback and responds to most of it.
Staples serves our business professionals from home office to big business.
Staples still dreams about the horror.
Staples undergo further processing and finishing for use in clothing, towels and other fabrics.
Staples wants to be a convenience operator.
Staples weaken the paper.
Staples work great, but are ugly.
Staples always honors their own rebates regardless of PM or coupons.
Some staples can be rare at times.
Stapled paper is recyclable.
A stapler is a machine
Stapler isa machine.
Staplers are devices.
Staplers are everyday items.
Staplers are in the photocopy rooms on all floors.
Staplers are located in cabinets.
Staplers are located in desks.
Staplers are located in desktops.
Staplers are located in office buildings.
Staplers are located in work.
Staplers are machines.
Staplers are mechanical devices.
Staplers are office supplies.
Staplers are tools.
Staplers are used for staplings.
Staplers can be hazardous if used improperly.
Staplers have (part) sections.
Staples guns are powerful enough to penetrate hard woods.
Staplings are skills.
Star amateur sluts Chicago have the clothing bisexual.
Star birth occurs on galactic scales when galaxies first form.
STAR buses provide transportation for work, appointments, visiting or shopping.
Star children get opportunities even when they fail over and over again.
Star City has a wide variety of recreational facilities to suit anyone's' palate.
Star City is a conservative community.
Star City is on the corner of a large Soviet military reservation with an unmarked entrance.
Star City is situated forty kilometers north-east from Moscow.
Star City is Sydney's premier entertainment destination.
Star City is the county seat of Lincoln County.
Star cluster are among the easiest objects to observe in the night sky.
Star clusters are also excellent for binocular astronomy.
Star clusters are groups of stars formed out of the same molecular cloud at birth.
Star clusters are rich in stars just off the main sequence called red giants.
Star clusters have dozens of stars which all formed at nearly the same time.
Star clusters look especially nice because the stars look very small and crisp.
Star clusters offer spectacular views in a small telescope.
Star clusters rise like steam from the teapot.
Most star clusters are singularly impressive.
Most star clusters are too far away to be seen at all without binoculars or a telescope.
Star code indicates fee range.
Star colours appear beautifully.
Star Delta is twice the size of our Sun and half the temperature.
Star dunes appear in the south center of the sand sea and dominate the northeast.
Star dunes grow upward rather than laterally.
Star finches boast a brilliant red head that stands out against their olive to yellow green plumage.
Star fish live in all oceans.
Star fishes are used in ornamentation and some have medicinal value.
Star formation advances across the cloud by the formation of new O stars.
Star formation can be an important source of infrared emission in clusters.
Star formation can persist in the Milky Way galaxy for several billion more years.
Star formation can trigger further star formation in adjacent regions of an interstellar cloud.
Star formation stops early-on in the spheroid.
Star formations continue all through out the galaxies life.
Star fruit is common in the south of Asia , Australia and all of the islands around Australia .
Star fruit is common in the south of Asia, Australia and all of the islands around Australia.
Star fruit is edible fruit
Star fruit is rich in vitamin C, potassium and fiber.
All star games are a lot like greatest hits albums.
Star Lake is stocked with rainbow, brown and lake trout with canoe access by a short carry.
A star magnolia is a magnolia
Star magnolia is the first magnolia to bloom.
Star magnolia is the hardiest of the magnolias.
Star market needs that for tax purpose.
Star measurements are extremely useful for deblurring, as they are basically point sources.
Star mutations show synergistic interactions with rap .
Star networks can either be passive or active.
Star networks use a central computer through which all messages are routed.
Star parties start at dusk, which is earlier in the winter and later in the summer.
All star parties begin at dusk and continue until around midnight.
All star parties begin at sundown unless otherwise noted.
Every star party has a brief preliminary training for beginners.
Every star party has a short preliminary training for beginners, and a brief lecture.
Most star parties are monthly events put on by local astronomy clubs.
Star popularity is the key to profits.
Star quality is a rare commodity.
Star quality is all about lighting up the screen just by being there.
Star quality is also suspect.
Star quality is an innate, indefinable je ne sais quoi.
Star quality is suspected.
Star quality is the ability to shine like a star in all performance situations.
Star rain falls lightly on the tarn.
Star ratings are given at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe , the largest arts festival in the world.
Star ratings are temporal things.
All star ratings are available.
Most star sailors come in pairs and each knows how valuable the other person is.
Star sightings are also common.
Most star systems are binary.
ALL STAR TEAM Make no mistake about it.
STAR testing is available for family members of Tara students.
STAR testing is finished and out of the way.
Star testing shows a premium mirror.
Star thistle can dominate a variety of habitats and harm or even kill livestock that feed on it.
Star thistles float.
Star tips are very versatile.
Star tool creates different star-shaped polygons.
A star topology is a network topology
Star topologies are easier to manage than bus topologies and use less expensive wiring.
Star topologies are reliable and computers can be disconnected without the network going down.
Star topologies are topologies.
Star topology is the most common form of modern LANs.
Star tortoises have backgrounds.
Star tortoises have yellow backgrounds.
Star trails are fairly easy to take photographs of.
Star trails are the short streaks above Earth's horizon.
Star trails are the simplest astrophotographs to take.
Star trails are tri-color as the images have been registered on the comet itself.
Star trails are visible as small streaks above Earth's horizon.
Star trails are visible in the upper left corner.
Star trails exercise.
Star travel is the ultimate dream of visionaries . . .
Star Valley is a responsible company that knows integrity delivers success.
Star Valley produces the bulk of the state's dairy products.
Star Valley produces the most powerful handgun in the world.
A star is a heavenly body
STAR begins today.
STAR delivers more great services.
STAR encourages students to monitor their behavior and to take responsibility for their actions.
STAR engages in systems change.
STAR introduces participants to information designed to facilitate substance abuse recovery.
Star isa object.
STAR lists citations with abstracts for aerospace-related reports obtained from worldwide sources.
STAR offers education, training and resources to facilities around the United States.
STAR reserves the right to refuse enrolment to anyone at any time for any reason.
STAR roll out to all client users has been completed and payroll testing has begun.
STAR stands for Student-degree Tracking Audit Report.
STAR stands for Students Taking and Accepting Responsibility.
STAR trains the drivers to be attentive of customer service, safety and product protection.
Stars abound with their welcome addresses and sponsorship.
Stars adorne the fretboard and bridge.
Stars also allows smoking in the restaurant, except in the non-smoking section.
Stars also appear in clusters.
Stars also change as they age.
Stars also conserve angular momentum.
Stars also contribute directly to the efficient functioning of markets.
Stars also get involved, handing out medals, working with athletes and running clinics.
Stars also have magnetic fields, probably caused by rotations of hot ionized gases in the star.
Stars also mean the stars of Hollywood.
Stars also touts American wines.
Stars appear as pinpoints against a pitch black sky.
Stars appear as pinpoints against a velvet black background.
Stars appear as pinpoints of light, and the atmosphere distorts the light so that they twinkle.
Stars appear brighter according to their visual magnitude.
Stars appear dimmer and hence appear further away than they really are.
Stars appear in the sky.
Stars appear like comets having tails on one side.
Stars appear like small lights in the night sky, but they are really huge balls of burning gas.
Stars appear much fainter because they are much further away.
Stars appear on the talk show.
Stars appear only as pinpoints of light in the sky, even through the most powerful telescopes.
Stars appear red shifted when receding away from the earth and blue shifted as they approach.
Stars appear streaked because the telescope was moved to follow the comet.
Stars appear to be stationary on the sky because of their exceedingly large distances.
Stars appear to have different colors.
Stars appear to move in the night sky rising in the east and setting in the west.
Stars appear to twinkle as starlight passes through shifting air pockets that act as roving lenses.
Stars appear when the mouse is passed over an object that animates.
Stars are a good example of how the temperature of plasmas can be very different.
Stars are a light source.
Stars are a little bigger.
Stars are a little blurred.
Stars are a perfect example.
Stars are a recurring theme in spiritual stories.
Stars are a source of a gravity field .
Stars are a source of a gravity field.
Stars are actors.
Stars are also approximate black body radiators.
Stars are also up on the ceiling.
Stars are always at war with their own gravity.
Stars are always fit, have great teeth, skin and hair, and are usually white.
Stars are another good example of how the temperature of plasmas can be very different.
Stars are another thing.
Stars are approximately blackbodies.
Stars are arranged in various classes by their spectral characteristics.
Stars are as grains of sand swirling around in the ocean-universe.
Stars are at a loss.
Stars are balls of gas with a nuclear furnace at the center.
Stars are balls of hydrogen gas that are so massive the centers burst into nuclear reactions.
Stars are basically huge balls of hydrogen gas.
Stars are better problem solvers and more creative.
Stars are big balls of gases at really high temperatures.
Stars are big.
Stars are boring.
Stars are born in nebulae.
Stars are born in some nebulae, and create new ones as they die.
Stars are born within the clouds of dust and scattered throughout most galaxies.
Stars are born, live, and die.
Stars are born, they live, and they die.
Stars are both socially influential and a vital part of the business of film.
Stars are bright in the optical band.
Stars are bright, thermonuclear furnaces producing massive amounts of heat and light.
Stars are brighter when they are larger because there is a greater area of star emitting light.
Stars are brilliant but cone of volcano is still shrouded.
Stars are capable of supernovas.
Stars are cartoon characters.
Stars are celestial bodies.
Stars are celestial objects consisting mostly of hydrogen and helium.
Stars are classified as supergiants on the basis of their spectral luminosity class .
Stars are classified into five main luminosity classes.
Stars are composed of mainly hydrogen and helium, with trace amounts of other elements.
Stars are created from nebula and first appear on the main sequence .
Stars are created from nebula and first appear on the main sequence.
Stars are different in other ways as well.
Stars are different sizes.
Stars are difficult but possible to see during a total eclipse.
Stars are distant which makes ordinary experiments impossible.
Stars are distinguishable from background.
Stars are divided into seven spectral classes according to their color.
Stars are easy to spot when images are viewed as a sequence or movie.
Stars are elements in galactic circuits.
Stars are enormous gaseous masses held together by gravity.
Stars are enormously massive hydrogen bombs.
Stars are essentially stationary while on it.
Stars are essentially superheated balls of plasma.
Stars are everywhere very similar.
Stars are excellent at using past experiences to time-manage projects.
Stars are extinguished.
Stars are extraordinarily distant from one another.
Stars are extremely important.
Stars are fairly uniform in brightness, with the red star the brightest.
Stars are for the view.
Stars are formed in clouds of gas and dust called nebulae.
Stars are frequent shopper points which are redeemable for discounts and free products.
Stars are from mag.
Stars are fueled by the nuclear fusion of hydrogen to form helium deep in their interiors.
Stars are giant balls of gas in space that shines through the darkness.
Stars are giant fire balls of gas.
Stars are giant spheres of gas, mainly hydrogen and helium.
Stars are giant, luminous spheres of plasma.
Stars are gigantic balls of gas, mostly hydrogen gas.
Stars are good approximations of blackbodies.
Stars are good too.
Stars are good.
Stars are great drops of golden dew.
Stars are grouped into spectral classes based on a range of temperatures they fall into.
Stars are heavenly bodies.
Stars are higher in the sky now, and darkness sets in at a more reasonable hour.
Stars are hot , outer space is cold . . . . . .
Stars are hot and bright because they are huge nuclear reactors.
Stars are hot bodies of glowing gas that start their life in Nebulae .
Stars are hot bodies of glowing gas that start their life in Nebulae.
Stars are hot, dense objects which emit a continuous spectrum of light from their surface.
Stars are huge balls of burning gas.
Stars are huge balls of gas generating tremendous amounts of energy.
Stars are huge balls of hot gas.
Stars are huge balls of hot, glowing gases.
Stars are huge luminous balls of gas powered by nuclear reactions at their centers.
Stars are huge.
Stars are important for navigation and for surveying, and so they used the observatory.
Stars are in separate part.
Stars are in the far background behind the symbol.
Stars are increasingly the sacrificial objects of the American public.
Stars are incredibly violent hydrogen bombs.
Stars are indisputably important, particularly in a young bird s learning and development.
Stars are individually embroidered or sewn.
Stars are less visible at night.
Stars are light years away.
Stars are like animals in the wild.
Stars are like the filament in the light bulb.
Stars are located in constellations.
Stars are located in eyes.
Stars are located in galaxy.
Stars are located in globular clusters.
Stars are located in heaven.
Stars are located in night skies.
Stars are located in orbits.
Stars are located in outer space.
Stars are located in press conferences.
Stars are located in skies.
Stars are located in solar systems.
Stars are located in space.
Stars are located in universes.
Stars are made in nebulas .
Stars are made in nebulas.
Stars are made of plasma.
Stars are many light years apart.
Stars are many, but the sky is one.
Stars are massive bodies in space that are self-luminous.
Stars are massive, glowing balls of hot gases, mostly hydrogen and helium.
Stars are millions and millions of kilometers away.
Stars are more complex than an equal amount of gas dispersed to 'infinity'.
Stars are most interesting for the company they keep.
Stars are most numerous in the nucleus and their numbers decline outward through the disk.
Stars are much bigger than our planet.
Stars are much denser than the interstellar medium.
Stars are much hotter and denser in their cores than on the outside.
Stars are nearly opaque.
STARs are neutral.
Stars are no exception.
Stars are no longer a real problem.
Stars are normal visible to groundlevel.
Stars are objects that shine because they give off energy by process of nuclear fusion.
Stars are of finite size.
Stars are often form in groups called star clusters.
Stars are on an outermost celestial sphere.
Stars are on fire and can burn out.
Stars are on flags and flying machines.
Stars are on the box.
Stars are one example.
Stars are only a mile across and burn out within a year of their formation.
Stars are out.
STARs are paraprofessional staff who work closely with residents in academic areas.
Stars are part of constellations.
Stars are part of galaxy.
Stars are plasma.
Stars are plasmas as well.
Stars are plentiful.
Stars are point sources of light, with no visible signs of offending color, coma, or astigmatism.
Stars are point sources, even for the closest stars.
Stars are points of light because they are so small.
Stars are points of light because they reflect so little light.
Stars are points, so they appear as lines in the time-lapse.
Stars are polygons.
Stars are poor books and oftentimes do miss.
Stars are predominantly hydrogen, with helium as the other major constituent.
Stars are probably the easiest objects to image, so clusters tend to be easy objects.
Stars are really huge, hot, spheres of hydrogen and helium gas which are producing their own energy.
Stars are really really big.
Stars are reasonably sharp, and panning around the Milky Way is fun.
Stars are responsible for cosmic cooking today.
Stars are risk takers and mavericks.
Stars are round, no trailing.
Stars are seemingly close enough to touch, and a display of Northern Lights is a possibility.
Stars are shapes.
Stars are silent.
Stars are simple things, giant spheres of mainly hydrogen gas.
Stars are smaller and crisper looking with good resolution at the edge of the field.
Stars are smaller than sun or moon.
Stars are so distant that they appear as points of light even through powerful telescopes.
Stars are so far apart that the chances of two colliding is nearly impossible.
Stars are so far away that it is impossible to measure their distances only in kilometers.
Stars are so far away that they have angular diameters of zero, i.e. they are point objects .
Stars are so far away that they look like points of light.
Stars are so far away that they look like unresolved points of light even in large telescopes.
Stars are so far away they never speak when spoken to.
Stars are so far away They never speak when spoken to.
Stars are so far away.
Stars are some of the most imteresting phenomenon in our universe.
Stars are sources of radiation, giving off their own energy.
Stars are spherical balls of hot gas.
Stars are spherical because of a. the high temperature in the interior.
Stars are still points of white light.
Stars are such a great theme.
Stars are sun.
Stars are suns and, do produce their own energy, some in light waves.
Stars are suns.
Stars are the basic units of population in the universe.
Stars are the common accent found throughout the mansion.
Stars are the equivalent of gaps on standard bar charts.
Stars are the life force of a galaxy.
Stars are the money.
Stars are the monster's best friend.
Stars are the most plentiful objects in the visible universe.
Stars are the objects that heat and light the planets in a system.
Stars are the primary light source in the universe.
Stars are the principle source of energy for the interstellar medium.
Stars are the same way, the red ones are cooler then the blue or white ones.
Stars are the studio's guarantee of opening well in the U.S., and selling well internationally.
Stars are truly a many varied beast, but all stars share one thing in common.
STARs are upper grade students who have good computer skills.
Stars are used for guidance.
Stars are very different objects than are planets.
Stars are very far apart, compared to their size.
Stars are very far away .
Stars are very far away which makes ordinary experiments impossible.
Stars are very far away, much farther away than any object in the solar system.
Stars are very large.
Stars are very luminous yet thoroughly opaque.
Stars are very resourceful.
Stars are visible in every single image.
Stars are visible much closer to the horizon.
Stars are visible through the expanding coma .
Stars are visible to the horizon.
Stars are visible with indication of trailing in the images.
Stars are, after all, giant hydrogen bombs, efficient thermonuclear furnaces.
Stars are, to a good approximation, blackbody radiators.
Stars arise in gas clouds.
Stars assemble to write messages in the sky.
Stars attract attention.
Stars attract one another as they are able, and harmony results.
Stars avoid taking sides or alienating anyone.
Stars become white dwarfs at the ends of their active careers, when their fuel is used up.
Stars begin inside a nebula which is a dark cloud of gas and dust.
Stars begin life as clouds of dust and gas called nebulae.
Stars begin their lives as clouds of dust and hydrogen.
Stars begin to form in the coldest depths of space within huge clouds of interstellar gas and dust.
Stars begin with collapse.
Stars blaze in intensity, and colors are often glimpsed in the brighter nebulae.
Stars burn by evolving higher elements through nuclear fusion.
Stars burn deuterium and hydrogen, brown dwarfs only deuterium, planets nothing.
Stars burn fuel through thermonuclear fusion.
Stars burn gas and they continue through life orbiting around the center of their galaxy.
Stars burn hydrogen in a process known as fusion.
Stars burn out all the time.
Stars burn out.
Stars can actually go through several red giant phases.
Stars can be beautiful.
Stars can be big or small, hot or cool, young or old.
Stars can be billions of years old .
Stars can be billions of years old.
Stars can be highly colored.
Stars can be pendants or earrings or sewn together as a string of stars.
Stars can be variable for many reasons.
Stars can be very active, but also unpredictable.
Stars can burn out very quickly.
Stars can change very much between when they are first created and when they run out of energy .
Stars can change very much between when they are first created and when they run out of energy.
Stars can come by their names in strange ways.
Stars can extract energy from the fusion of elements up to iron.
Stars can frighten.
Stars can gain mass if they are members of an accreting binary system.
Stars can go and there and be treated as normal human beings.
Stars can grant our wishes.
Stars can have temperatures of thousands of degrees or higher .
Stars can live for billions of years.
Stars can loose mass in a variety of ways.
Stars can meet their ends in a few different ways all of which depend on one thing, their mass.
Stars can pulsate in brightness, temperature and other ways.
Stars can pulsate in brightness, temperature, size and other ways.
Stars can range from a few million to a several billion years old.
Stars can really stifle an opponent Dallas was really impressive in the first two games.
Stars can symbolize either faithful or unfaithful teachers.
Stars can thus be smaller than some gas giant planets, including Jupiter.
Stars can turn into meteors.
Stars can twinkle randomly.
Stars change considerably with time.
Stars change in brightness either when they are very young , or when they are very old or dying .
Stars change in brightness when they are very young, or when they are very old or dying.
Stars change in color, luminosity, size and temperature through their lifespan.
Stars change over time.
Stars circle a country moon, nearly full and bright as a halogen light.
Stars cluster Around our table like fireflies.
Stars come and go.
Stars come in a bewildering array of sizes, colors, and temperatures.
Stars come in a variety of colours, mass, volumes, contents and nature.
Stars come in a variety of sizes and colors, but they all shine because they are hot.
Stars come in a wide range of sizes and temperatures.
Stars come in all different colors.
Stars come in all sizes, brightnesses, temperatures and colors.
Stars come in all sizes, temperatures, and ages.
Stars come in all sizes.
Stars come in bunches.
Stars come in colors from red, orange, yellow, white, and bluish-white.
Stars come in different sizes.
Stars come in great variety of sizes and brightness, or luminosity.
Stars come in many different colors based on their temperatures.
Stars come in many types.
Stars come in several fixed 'spectral types' which are quite different from one another.
Stars come out for a week of film, fun and fantasy.
Stars come out to greet the night, Milky way a ray of light.
Stars Come Out Within .
Stars come out within.
Stars come peeking, moon comes sneaking silvery sly.
Stars come together in New York to honour terrorist victims . . .
Stars come, star go.
Stars Compare current monitor to fluctuation measurements.
Stars condense out of tenuous clouds of gas.
Stars consist mainly of hydrogen and helium, with varying amounts of heavier elements.
Stars consist of plasmas.
Stars contain a finite amount of fuel.
Stars convert one element to another in a strict order.
Stars convert some of their mass to light.
Stars cost money mainly because they can do exactly that.
Stars create heavy elements.
Stars create jealousy and friction.
Stars create their own light from thermonuclear energy in their cores.
Stars Creates the effect of a starfield in an animation.
Stars cross in front of one another.
Stars dance only sideways.
Stars dangle from the raven's beak, the sun and the moon hang from each wing.
Stars destroy it and convert it to different things.
Stars die in different ways, and they leave different things around.
Stars die when they run out of hydrogen or other nuclear fuel to burn and iron is produced .
Stars die when they run out of hydrogen or other nuclear fuel to burn and iron is produced.
Stars differ in colour.
Stars differ in size, brightness and color.
Stars differ in size, color and magnitude.
Stars differ widely in colour, ranging from blue-white to red.
Stars differ widely in mass , size, temperature , and total energy output, or luminosity .
Stars differ widely in mass, size, temperature, age and luminosity.
Stars differ widely in mass, size, temperature, age, and luminosity.
Stars disappear or reappear at exactly the same second that it is predicted.
Stars displays a map of the night sky.
Stars do fall.
Stars do have their own real motion, called proper motion .
Stars do it.
Stars do move albeit very slowly.
Stars do the same thing, but our eyes are much to close to see the difference.
Stars dress to get their pictures taken.
Stars drive ratings.
Stars eat each other, planets collide, gases ignite.
Stars eject their material into space in a variety of ways.
Stars emit blackbody radiation.
Stars emit light over a wide range of wavelengths.
Stars end their lives when they have exhausted their available nuclear fuel.
Stars evolve - and so do galaxies.
Stars evolve and eventually die .
Stars evolve because their chemical composition changes.
Stars evolve, and astronomers have a pretty good handle on just how fast stars age.
Stars evolve, explode or die and now stars form from the residue.
Stars evolve, or change, over time.
Stars exhibiting such behaviour are called rotating variables.
Stars exist only in galaxies .
Stars expand as they grow old.
Stars expect to be paid.
Stars explode and the dust forms a nebula.
Stars explode in supernovae.
Stars explode when they are very old.
Stars fail to shine in inaugural event.
Stars fall at the coda.
Stars fall on Alabama.
Stars fall out of the sky.
Stars fall silently into the water.
Stars fans most love to hate.
Stars fill the night sky.
Stars Find news and reviews for the game, as well as a strategy guide and demo download.
Stars float farther and farther away.
Stars float on the horizon, threatening to sink forever into the sea's depths.
Stars focus to sharp points of light.
Stars Forever is a novelty, to be sure, but at least the collection itself is novel.
Stars form as a result of gravitational instability of large gas clouds.
Stars form by gases and dust clumping together.
Stars form by gravitational collapse.
Stars form by the gravitational collapse of interstellar gas .
Stars form deep inside vast clouds of interstellar gas and dust called nebulae.
Stars form directly from the collapse of dense clouds of interstellar gas and dust.
Stars form due to the contraction of a nebula of gas and dust under the influence of gravity.
Stars form from cloud, cycle repeats, galaxy gets more enriched.
Stars form from clouds of gas and collapse under self-gravity.
Stars form from collapsing clouds of gas and dust.
Stars form from collapsing clouds of interstellar gas and dust.
Stars form from concentrations in huge interstellar gas clouds.
Stars form from giant clouds of gas and dust, lots of material so can form lots of stars at once.
Stars form from gravitational collapse of vast clouds of gas and dust in interstellar space.
Stars form from gravitational pull of matter.
Stars form from huge clouds of dust and gas.
Stars form from massive clouds of hydrogen gas.
Stars form from the gravitational collapse of large clouds of interstellar material .
Stars form from the gravitational collapse of molecular clouds in interstellar space.
Stars form from the gravitational contraction of dense clumps of cold, molecular gas.
Stars form half the detectable mass of the Milky Way.
Stars form in clouds of dust .
Stars form in clouds of gas and dust that collect into a swirling disk.
Stars form in clumps of cool molecular gas that hide the nascent stars.
Stars form in clusters from expansive clouds of gas and dust.
Stars form in clusters when clouds of gas and dust come together.
Stars form in cocoons of gas and dust.
Stars form in groups.
Stars form in interstellar clouds, which are cold and dense.
Stars form in the center of a disk of dust and gas.
Stars form in the inner, denser parts before they form in the outer, less dense parts.
Stars form out of clouds of gas and dust.
Stars form out of interstellar clouds.
Stars form out of the densest clouds which astronomers call molecular clouds.
Stars form out of the gravitational collapse of large clouds of interstellar gas and dust.
Stars form throughout the collapsing volume.
Stars form when a giant cloud of cold hydrogen gas collapses in on itself.
Stars form when cool interstellar gas clouds collapse under their own gravity.
Stars form when hot dust and gas spiral in to a central point, eventually clumping together.
Stars form when hydrogen atoms in space are pulled together in bigger and bigger spheres.
Stars form with disks of dust and gas which can condense into planets.
Stars form within a vast collection of other stars and clusters of stars known as a galaxy .
Stars gather in galaxies.
Stars generally form through a fragmented collapse of a molecular cloud as a group or cluster.
Stars generally move in free orbit.
Stars generally produce Helium, and other heavier elements, and eventually can produce iron.
Stars generate their own energy during their lives by the process of nuclear fusion.
Stars Get a glimpse into the fantastic and tumultuous life cycle of stars.
Stars get lots of mail and are awfully busy.
Stars get the energy they produce through nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium .
Stars get the energy they produce through nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium.
Stars get their heat from two sources - gravity, and nuclear fusion.
Stars get thousands of letters each day.
Stars get to know the players and develop credibility before they get into tough situations.
Stars get too political .
Stars get wrinkles.
Stars give light to cheer the heart.
Stars give tours one time a week for junior and seniors in high school on a voluntary basis.
Stars gives a description of a new star each week.
Stars gleam in the heavens.
Stars glint like metal in their hair.
Stars glisten in crystalline profusion through the dry atmosphere of a mid-spring sky.
Stars glitter brightly.
Stars glow brightly in the sky.
Stars glow in the nights sky, like a bolt of lightning.
Stars go in.
Stars go out with a bang, with explosions that glow in X rays.
Stars go through stages as they consume their nuclear fuel.
Stars go to great lengths to protect their privacy.
Stars go up in the corner of their flag snack.
Stars grow old and die, while new stars are being formed all throughout the universe.
Stars hang low as the vast plain broadens, the swaying moon makes the great river race.
Stars has lots of micromanagement to keep up with.
Stars have (part) sections.
Stars have a certain position, distance and brightness.
Stars have a fixed declination so their visibility remains the same for a given location.
Stars have a life cycle.
Stars have a limited lifetime, and finally they ends up as light travelling through the universe.
Stars have a LOT of mass.
Stars have a wide range of radii.
Stars have a wide range of sizes.
Stars have a wide range of surface temperature as measured by their color.
Stars have absorption line spectra.
Stars have accurate colors, twinkle, and dim near the horizon.
Stars have big egos and big power.
Stars have bright emission lines in their spectra, but no absorption lines.
Stars have complex magnetic fields.
Stars have different colors because they have different surface temperatures .
Stars have different colors due to different temperatures.
Stars have different colors, depending on how hot they are.
Stars have different colours, depending on how hot they are.
Stars have high growth and high market share.
Stars have life cycles, just like people.
Stars have life cycles.
Stars have names.
Stars have one shot now.
Stars have real motion through space as well as apparent motion as Earth orbits the Sun.
Stars have several ways of dying.
Stars have their own names.
Stars have to have enough mass to get hot enough inside to spark thermonuclear fusion reactions.
Stars have wattages too, of course.
Stars hold the mystery answer it seems.
Stars increase in luminosity as they age.
Stars indicate a broader range of facilities.
Stars indicate locations of elementary schools within the D.C. area.
Stars indicate locations of elementary schools within the Montgomery County area.
Stars indicate locations of elementary schools within the Southern Maryland area.
Stars indicate locations where wells intersected bedrock.
Stars indicate membrane-bound compartments one of which appears as a bleb from the plasmalemma.
Stars indicate membrane-bound vesicles one of which appears as a bleb from the plasmalemma.
Stars indicate reversals.
Stars indicate the location of the magnetopause.
Stars indicate the location of the stations.
Stars indicate the lumen of the vessels.
Stars indicate the usefulness of the site.
Stars is a full service specialty store, with full time seamstresses on the premises.
Stars is a possible search.
Stars is a summer program that works with children who have had little or no preschool experiences.
Stars is a very complex game with lots to do and many things to monitor and manage.
Stars is expensive.
Stars just look pretty much white.
Stars learn to be good second fiddles.
Stars leave the main sequence when they stop burning hydrogen.
Stars leave the sky during the daytime.
Stars lie on a narrow sequence because luminosity and temperature climb steadily with mass.
Stars live and die over the course of millions to billions of years.
Stars live for billions of years and go through four basic stages.
Stars live for billions of years.
Stars live up in the sky.
Stars look bright because emit light from the nuclear fusion happening in their cores.
Stars look different colors because they are different temperatures.
Stars lose mass during their lives.
Stars love to talk about their upcoming films.
Stars make a good science unit for the Civil War.
Stars make certain colors popular.
Stars make energy by nuclear fusion.
Stars make the best reference points.
Stars make their own light.
Stars manifest in cyclic patters.
Stars map only loss, where vacuum lenses out their light.
Stars mean a higher level of luxury and a greater range of facilities.
Stars mean business for restaurants.
Stars move across the sky on a regular schedule, much like the sun .
Stars move box-office revenue probabilities to higher outcomes, but drive variance to infinity.
Stars move in space relative to the sun.
Stars move magazines.
Stars move parallel to the celestial equator.
Stars move through the spiral arms.
Stars move very slowly across the night sky.
Stars move, but are fixed relative to each other.
Stars never form by themselves.
Stars obtain energy by converting light elements, like hydrogen, into heavier ones.
Stars obviously have huge visual excursions when twinkling is present too.
Stars only destroy deuterium.
Stars orbit the center of galaxies.
Stars orbit the center of the cluster, and the cluster orbits the center of our Galaxy.
Stars originate as large bodies of slowly rotating gas.
Stars ought to form in groups, since large interstellar clouds are more unstable than small ones.
Stars overhead are very steady two hours after sunset.
Stars pass each other within galaxies, although they also orbit around the galactic center.
Stars pattern the sky in tea lights of contemplation.
Stars pepper the sky.
Stars persuade people to do things.
Stars placed on a board or an allowance from parents are common examples.
Stars placed on the sleeves of players' uniforms recognize efforts made on and off court.
Stars play better baseball than nerds and couch potatoes.
Stars produce energy from nuclear reactions that lead to the formation of all the other elements.
Stars produce energy from nuclear reactions, primarily the fusion of hydrogen to form helium.
Stars produce energy through a process known as fusion.
Stars produce great amounts of electromagnetic energy in the forms of light ant heat.
Stars produce light by nuclear fusion, which builds heavier elements out of lighter elements.
Stars produce massive amounts of heat energy and in so doing they also give off light.
Stars produce powerful jets and winds during their birth.
Stars produce the majority of the effect of many items.
Stars produce their energy through nuclear fusion.
Stars produce their own light.
Stars prove they can fire up offense when necessary.
Stars provide much of the illumination NVGs see on moonless or low illumination nights.
Stars pull it out.
Stars pulsate in many different modes simultaneously, each with a slightly different period.
Stars radiate away enormous amounts of energy in the form of electromagnetic radiation.
Stars range from mag.
Stars range from mags.
Stars range greatly in their size and distance from Earth.
Stars range in density from very tenuous to very, very dense.
Stars react to attacks.
Stars Read about talented teachers and kids who are doing great things with technology.
Stars reflect in the smooth pond water.
Stars reflect light from planets.
Stars rely on their image.
Stars represent approximate school locations.
Stars represent fossil records.
Stars represent great teachers of the church, apostles and evangelists.
Stars represent recent earthquakes whose coseismic effects are modeled in the velocity map solution.
Stars represent sites with one or more houses occupied by bats.
Stars require unimaginable, but quantifiable amounts of energy to shine as they do.
Stars reveal their proven techniques for success.
Stars rise and set four minutes earlier each day.
Stars rise four minutes earlier every day, as seen from a given observation point.
Stars rise straight up from the horizon.
Stars rise to the occasion.
Stars roll slowly in a silvery night, Far away on the other side.
Stars rush toward earth.
Stars seem especially plentiful and conspicuous in the night sky above the park.
Stars seem to move less the further north or south they are located.
Stars seem to stay in the same place for a long time, long compared to our lifetime.
Stars seems to be on the inner surface of a sphere surrounding the Earth.
Stars seems to fly out into space, ending with a somewhat-forced rebirth allegory.
Stars seen in the image are foreground stars since the nebula is opaque.
Stars shimmer and twinkle, bouncing, scattering stars everywhere.
Stars shine and the light can be seen with a telescope , but they also give off radio waves .
Stars shine and the light can be seen with a telescope, but they also give off radio waves.
Stars shine at night.
Stars shine because they are hot .
Stars shine because they are hot.
Stars shine because they play host to extremely energetic nuclear fusion reactions in their cores.
Stars shine bright as firefly dreams and occasionally the rare banana moon shows up on the horizon.
Stars shine brighter when they dance.
Stars shine brightly to guide our way.
Stars shine brightly to guide.
Stars shine brightly to.
Stars shine down .
Stars shine due to the chemical combustion of hydrogen.
Stars shine in the room, both from the balcony door that is partly open and also from the ceiling.
Stars shine like our sun.
Stars shine on animal compassion .
Stars shine overhead, the black sky slowly giving way to the encroaching daybreak.
Stars shine with coldness out of distant depths of the universe.
Stars shine, big moon.
Stars show as beautiful jewel-like points.
Stars show location of high-temperature vents.
Stars show location of instrumented locations.
Stars show performance at a glance - the more stars the better the performance against the standard.
Stars show the epicentral locations of earthquakes whose coseismic effects are modeled.
Stars show the location of active hydrothermal vent areas.
Stars show the position of the receivers.
Stars show up as bright dots, while galaxies are more spread out.
Stars show up here, as well.
Stars show up to perform in their amphitheater.
Stars simulates percentage of preload movie.
Stars slide to a slowdown.
Stars spangle the sky above.
Stars sparkle in the night sky with a crescent moon hovering in the upper corner.
Stars sparkle, shine and change color to create a dazzling effect.
Stars speeding away from the astronomer appear red, i.e. the entire spectrum is red-shifted.
Stars spend most of their life converting hydrogen to helium and producing heat and light.
Stars spend most of their lifetime burning hydrogen into helium.
Stars spend the bulk of their existence as main sequence stars.
Stars spend the bulk of their lifespan on it.
Stars spill out the sky.
Stars spin, and some spin very fast.
Stars sprinkle the black canopy stretching overhead far down to the horizon in all directions.
Stars sprinkle the dusty rose sky of a glowing special evening, or a very special dawn.
Stars stand out better in images produced by reflecting telescopes.
Stars stars girlfriend mens graphic graphic penis graphic.
Stars start as huge regions of gas, mostly hydrogen.
Stars start forming, but the most massive ones became supernovae within a few million years.
Stars start out as dense cores in molecular clouds.
Stars start to die when they stop burning hydrogen.
Stars Stop the Violence.
Stars streak out when spacecraft are shown accelerating to light speed.
Stars stream by either too fast or too slow.
Stars surround the shuttle.
Stars swarm around the black hole like angry bees around a hive.
Stars swarm around the object like angry bees around a hive.
Stars swirl, a mirrored ball, such fiery tesserae. . . . . . .
Stars symbolize accomplishment and excellence.
Stars symbolize mental-light and purpose.
Stars take millions of years to be visible on earth.
Stars take second place in a director's world.
Stars tend to fall only into certain regions of the diagram.
Stars tend to generate high amounts of income.
Stars then form in the arms.
Stars think it's never going to end.
Stars touch the ends of time.
Stars trace out circles around the celestial pole as the Earth rotates.
Stars trail around the Celestial South Pole.
Stars twinkle due to many changes in the density of air between the observer and source.
Stars twinkle more than usual.
Stars Use a magic wand to turn on the stars.
Stars use gravity to balance the kinetic pressure or expanding force of the plasma.
Stars use hydrogen as a fuel with which to produce energy.
Stars use makeup and retouched photos.
Stars use to come in there from around the wourld.
Stars use up deuterium when they are born, evolve and finally die in supernova explosions.
Stars use up their fuel and thus undergo change.
Stars vary greatly in size .
Stars vary greatly in size and in color.
Stars vary greatly in size.
Stars vary in brightness due to a number of factors, the most prevalent is their distance.
Stars vary in brightness throughout their lives based primarily on their mass.
Stars vary in many different ways, often by changing the amount and colour of the light they emit.
Stars vary in size and brightness.
Stars vary widely in size.
Stars wash out as warmth colors the fields.
Stars whisper in soft tones of sleep.
Stars work by converting one gas into another - usually hydrogen into helium.
Stars work the same way.
Stars always appear as pinpoints of light.
Stars always bring their makeup people and hair people to always look their best.
Stars always look prettier visually.
Stars frequently form in groups.
Stars often form as binary pairs.
Stars often form groups, traveling together through space.
Stars often form in pairs.
Stars sometimes form in colorful ways.
Stars usually change their brightness when they are young and when they are old and dying.
Stars usually occur in groups called clusters, which are gravitationally bound.
All stars appear to be white in color.
All Stars are a loose collective of some stellar players.
All Stars are already available.
All Stars are an assemblage of some of South Louisiana's most revered musicians.
All Stars are at the forefront of the resurgence of Cuban music.
All stars are blue-white in color.
ALL stars are drunk up by the fiery sun, And in so much a flame lies shrunk the moon.
All stars are examples of fusion power.
All Stars are great for driving.
All stars are in gaseous form - balls of helium and hydrogen plus other elements.
All stars are in orbit around something, with orbits defined by gravitational accelleration.
All stars are in the same positions at the same date and time each year .
All stars are in white.
All stars are like the sun, but very far away - so making their own light.
All stars are much hotter at their centers, however.
All Stars are probably the hardest-working klez band in the country right now.
All Stars are regulars at the old town pub.
All stars are reversal indicators and are more important after prolonged trends or large moves.
All stars are so far away that they only appear as dots even in the most powerful telescopes.
All stars are suns.
All Stars are teen singers that hail from all over the Bay Area.
All Stars are the best.
All Stars are the following week.
All Stars are the property of their respective rights holders.
All stars are the same distance away, but some are naturally bright while others are just dim.
All stars are the same distance form the Earth.
All stars are the same distance from the Earth.
All stars are the same.
All Stars are unisex.
All stars become red giants when they run out of hydrogen in the core.
All stars begin as being made up almost entirely of hydrogen.
All stars begin their lives by fusing hydrogen into helium in their cores.
All stars belong to the same family too.
All stars can generate energy from gravitational collapse.
All stars collapse to become black holes upon their death.
All Stars conduct their business meeting as part of the activity.
All Stars continue their quest to preserve a once confined genre.
All stars convert some hydrogen to helium.
All Stars describe their ideal daily routine.
All stars emit a continuous spectrum of all wavelengths through the electromagnetic spectrum.
All stars emit light.
All stars eventually burn out and die when their source of fuel runs out.
All stars eventually burn out.
All stars eventually die.
All stars evolve the same way up to the red giant phase.
All stars fall at some time.
All Stars feat.
All stars form out of dense collapsing condensations in large dust clouds.
All stars have a finite life, and one can therefore say they are all dying.
All stars have a magnetic field .
All stars have a magnetic field.
All stars have color.
All stars have different temperatures.
All stars have mass loss.
All stars have mass, therefore all are massive.
All stars have variable brightness at some level.
All Stars live afro-cuban jazz performances.
All stars live and die.
All stars look alike to the naked eye.
All stars lose mass.
All stars lose material from their surfaces in a steady wind.
All Stars Lt.
All stars move, and for a variety of reasons.
All stars radiate energy, particularly in the forms of heat and light.
All stars represent certain qualities, and are part of the diverse expansion of creation.
All stars rise and set.
All stars rise in the east and set in the west .
All stars rotate.
All Stars Set.
All Stars show.
All stars start by burning hydrogen and end up creating many heavier elements inside their cores.
All Stars start their set.
All Stars stay close to the Jamaican roots.
All Stars still get together on special occasions, when they have the time.
All Stars take residency in the Southeast with several stops at the Cave in Chapel Hill.
Any star inside is countable.
Every star dies eventually.
Every star generates a stellar wind of particles that causes a continual outflow of gas into space.
Every star get their own unique Z value, ie.
Every star has a core.
Every star has a life cycle, and the sun is no exception.
Every star has a name and a secret wish, except for one.
Every star is a bet.
Every star is attracted to every other by a force which lessens with distance.
Every star is different.
Every star looks like a speeding comet.
Every star needs a good coach.
Every star starts out as a cloud of gas and dust, part of a larger cloud called a nebula.
Many stars appear to be of similar magnitude.
Many stars are actually arrangements of two or more stars that orbit each other.
Many stars are binary stars or multiple stars, with several stars orbiting around one another.
Many stars are binary stars, or double stars.
Many stars are brighter than first magnitude.
Many stars are brighter than the gas, and they create the background scene.
Many stars are double and multiple systems.
Many stars are easily resolvable.
Many stars are in a galaxy that has a galactic plane which is used as reference .
Many stars are in a galaxy that has a galactic plane which is used as reference.
Many stars are in binary star systems - which means that two stars orbit each other.
Many stars are in multiple systems of two or more stars.
Many stars are lighter than it is and many others are much more massive.
Many stars are members of clusters of hundreds or thousands of stars.
Many stars are microwave emitters.
Many stars are much bigger and hotter, and many stars are smaller and cooler.
Many stars are part of a system with two or more stars .
Many stars are part of a system with two or more stars.
Many stars are part of binaries or multiple systems.
Many stars are variable.
Many stars are visible and the horizon is barely visible.
Many stars can form from a single nebulous cloud.
Many stars come in pairs or groups.
Many stars come in pairs.
Many stars congregate in clusters, some of which are visible to the naked eye.
Many stars form in clusters.
Many stars form together in clusters, so they all have the same age.
Many STARs go to local high schools and recruit prospective students there as well.
Many stars have bleaching procedures done.
Many stars have carbon-rich dust.
Many stars have noticeable colors.
Many stars have to sleep their way to the top.
Many stars have variable brightness.
Many stars lie to the west.
Many stars lie vastly much farther away.
Many stars lose a substantial part of their mass as they age.
Many stars occur in pairs, multiple systems, and star cluster s .
Many stars puff off their gas in a spherical shell.
Many stars refuse to play defense.
Many stars return each summer.
Many stars ring with sound waves.
Many stars seem to come in pairs, like twins.
Many stars shoot out powerful jets of gas.
Many stars show a periodic change in their apparent magnitude.
Many stars vary in brightness over periods ranging from less than a day to several years.
Many stars vary in the amount of light they radiate.
More stars are on the way.
More stars are on their way.
More stars are visible at higher zoom levels.
More stars come out but still no flying saucers.
More stars indicate a higher quality facility.
More stars mean higher performance.
More stars signify the document has more relevance to the search request.
Most stars appear only as points of light.
Most stars appear same brightness.
Most stars appear to be normal, mature stars that are using their nuclear fuel at a steady rate.
Most stars appear to be white and twinkling.
Most stars appear to move very little against the background sky.
Most stars are dwarfs.
Most stars are either multiple or have circumstellar disks, or both.
Most stars are grouped into a small number of spectral types.
Most stars are hot and bright and appear white or blue.
Most stars are in multiple systems.
Most stars are in such systems, usually binaries.
Most stars are in systems of two or more stars orbiting around one another.
Most stars are losers, presumably.
Most stars are main sequence stars.
Most stars are members of a binary or multpile star system.
Most stars are members of binary or multiple systems.
Most stars are members of multiple-star systems .
Most stars are much farther away than that.
Most stars are on that line.
Most stars are part of binary or other multiple star systems.
Most stars are red.
Most stars are single stars.
Most stars are so far away that they never appear to move when viewed from the Earth.
Most stars are three by three with four points.
Most stars are too faint to see without a telescope.
Most stars are two cylinder jobs performing with their throttles wide open.
Most stars are very old .
Most stars are very old.
Most stars are very similar to our sun.
Most stars begin their lives burning hydrogen to helium.
Most stars belong to the main sequence , which consists of ordinary hydrogen-burning stars.
Most stars change their positions as Earth rotates and revolves.
Most stars destroy lithium during an early hydrogen-burning phase of their evolution.
Most stars die at the end of the main sequence phase.
Most stars die at the end of the main sequence.
Most stars emit unpolarized light, containing equal amounts of the two polarizations.
Most stars emit X-rays which satellites can detect.
Most stars exhibit absorption line spectra, but a few rare stars show emission lines.
Most stars fall on the main sequence, which suggests that stars spend most of their lives there.
Most stars fit a predictable pattern.
Most stars have an image that changes with time to attract fans and to be more innovative.
Most stars have at least one type of name, a lot have two types, and some have all three.
Most stars have binary companions.
Most stars have essentially the same chemical composition., yet show different absorption spectra.
Most stars have four rays.
Most stars have less mass than our sun.
Most stars have similar life cycles.
Most stars have very similar chemical compositions.
Most stars live in multiple star systems where two or more stars are orbiting each other.
Most stars live the main part of their lives as main sequence dwarfs.
Most stars look like shiny dots from Earth , because they are far away .
Most stars look like shiny dots from Earth, because they are far away.
Most stars occur in binary systems .
Most stars opt for both, making for a wild and well, interesting, week.
Most stars prefer to be contacted through their publicists.
Most stars rotate.
Most stars seem to be scattered randomly, like hands full of pebbles thrown on the ground.
Most stars seem to shine with a constant light.
Most stars send out radio waves, but some send out more.
Most stars use up the hydrogen at their core .
Most stars use up the hydrogen at their core.
Some star atlases show the handle of the sword as the head of a lamb.
Some stars actually change in magnitude and are aptly called variable stars.
Some stars appear to form definite patterns which are called constellations.
Some stars are bigger than our sun.
Some stars are bigger, more massive, and brighter.
Some stars are billions of light years away.
Some stars are closer to the earth, while others are extremely distant.
Some stars are dark and others are light.
Some stars are extremely hot, while others are cool.
Some stars are halo stars.
Some stars are hotter than others.
Some stars are in from Hollywood or London for one day.
Some stars are intrinsically variable.
Some stars are just too bright to remain anonymous to the rest of the world.
Some stars are keen to throw a few crumbs of conversation a journalist s way then disappear.
Some stars are listed in more than one catalog, so they have more than one name.
Some stars are more cooperative than others.
Some stars are much smaller than the sun, others are millions of times bigger.
Some stars are much smaller, some are much bigger.
Some stars are much younger than the sun.
Some stars are of interest for color.
Some stars are paid much less than other stars, that's all.
Some stars are periodic with periods ranging from several hours to several decades.
Some stars are small and dim while others are super-giants by comparison.
Some stars are smaller than our sun.
Some stars are so bright they have negative magnitudes.
Some stars are three times larger than the sun and are called massive stars.
Some stars are too close to be split visually.
Some stars are too singular, attempts to tell their lifestory on film is futile.
Some stars are very bright, many are dim.
Some stars are visible every night of the year, all night long .
Some stars become several magnitude fainter than the value recorded in star catalog.
Some stars blow off their outer layers to produce planetary nebulas .
Some stars can slingshot out of the cluster that way.
Some stars construct or keep very involved with their own Websites.
Some stars continue to form so the disk has some young metal-rich stars.
Some stars even come in triplets or quadruplets.
Some stars even orbit around each other.
Some stars exhibit a regular variation in the degree of red shift in their spectra.
Some stars exist in pairs called binaries.
Some stars explode in slow motion.
Some Stars Fall and Some Stars Rise.
Some stars form in giant spherical masses of stars.
Some stars generally get their nose out of joint, that's the way it goes in a lot of places.
Some stars get very old, and they explode, boom, like a firecracker.
Some stars go on shopping sprees spending thousands of dollars on clothes or jewelry.
Some stars go out with a whimper.
Some stars have a companion star nearby, kind of like a twin.
Some stars have their own official web pages.
Some stars just appear next to each other because they lie along the same line of sight.
Some stars just come along with a story that dominates the story and rumor mill.
Some stars keep shrinking until they become a cooling ember made up of iron.
Some stars lie in a tenuous spherical halo which surrounds the disk.
Some stars look bluish.
Some stars look single to the naked eye but really are two stars orbiting each other.
Some stars manage to extinguish the fire and take their career to a new level.
Some stars oscillate in brightness.
Some stars prefer their electric vehicles a little more rough and tumble.
Some stars put pieces of dollar bills in their tips.
Some stars receive a lot of applause while other lesser known personnel receive none.
Some stars rise and set, some are circumpolar, some never rise.
Some stars rise and set.
Some stars seem brighter than others.
Some stars seem to have the right stuff, though.
Some stars show obvious color and brightness differences.
Some stars show two simultaneous cycle periods.
Some stars sing for fame.
Some stars stay above the horizon and never set.
Some stars swallow their own planets, according to a team of Spanish and Swiss researchers.
Some stars try to respond to all their mail, but most only reply selectively if at all.
Some stars vary in brightness and are called variable stars .
Some stars vary in brightness because they pulsate in and out.
Some stars vary in brightness.
Starblast abrasives are available in several grades to meet different blasting requirements.
Starburst effect is evident on the tomatoes in the center.
Starburst regions are also places of stellar death.
Starch digestion contributes to ability.
A starch is a formulation
Starch isa polysaccharide.
Starch works well to stick paper, string or some kinds of material to the base.
Starches are also non-reducing sugars.
Starches are another name for carbohydrates.
Starches are available in powdered and gel form, with thin-boiling and binding capabilities.
Starches are bread, grains, cereal, pasta, or starchy vegetables.
Starches are broken down during digestion into glucose before being absorbed into the body.
Starches are by far the most common.
Starches are by far the most significant polysaccharide in the diet.
Starches are complex carbohydrates having slower digestion than sugars.
Starches are insoluble in water .
Starches are insoluble in water and thus can serve as storage depots of glucose.
Starches are insoluble in water.
Starches are made up of many simple sugars.
Starches are mixtures of large straight and branched chain polymers of the simple sugar, glucose.
Starches are one category of complex carbohydrates.
Starches are polysaccharides found in abundance in grains and vegetables.
Starches are polysaccharides.
Starches are simply many sugar molecules joined together into one very large molecule.
Starches are substances made up of hundreds of sugar units.
Starches are tightly bound carbon molecules and have several attaching elements.
Starches are usually about half a cup and include foods like pasta, rice, corn, beans, peas, etc.
Starches become glucose.
Starches break down into sugar and also wreck havic.
Starches clash with proteins.
Starches come from many different forms.
Starches come from root vegetables.
Starches come from vegetables.
Starches contain vitamins.
Starches dissolve in water.
Starches find in food.
Starches find in plant food.
Starches generally can stand a little sitting around.
Starches give thickness and texture.
Starches have (part) atoms.
Starches have (part) chemical chain.
Starches have (part) chemical groups.
Starches have advantage.
Starches have an affinity for pepsin which is needed for protein digestion.
Starches have characteristics.
Starches have taste.
Starches make the corn less tender and less sweet.
Starches metabolize differ- ently than sugars.
Starches provide an important source of carbohydrates for adults and children.
Starches require alkaline conditions for their digestion.
Starches seem to be the worst culprit.
Starches support life.
Starches taste sweet because they are made from glucose molecules.
Starches used include corn, rice, wheat, potato and arrowroot.
Starchs are carbohydrates.
Starchs are chemical compounds.
Starchs are foodstuff.
Starchs are formulations.
Starchs are polysaccharides.
All starches are plant materials.
All starches gelatinize.
Many starches are bland when they are prepared without added fat, seasoning or sauces.
Many starches are low in fat and can be high in fiber.
More starch is sifted over the top.
Most starches become glucose.
Most starches come from root vegetables.
Most starches come from vegetables.
Most starches contain vitamins.
Most starches dissolve in water.
Most starches find in food.
Most starches find in plant food.
Most starches have advantage.
Most starches have characteristics.
Some starches absorb boil water.
Some starches absorb water.
Some starches become gelatin.
Some starches contain chlorophyll.
Some starches contribute to growth.
Some starches derive from cycads.
Some starches obtain from rhizomes.
Some starches pass into colons.
Some starches promote fat oxidation.
Some starches promote oxidation.
Starched napkins are easier to fold.
Starched Napkins are easier to fold.
Starchier vegetables are on the starch list, such as potatoes and corn.
Starchy bananas are a staple of the region.
Starchy foods are easy to digest.
Starchy foods hold onto water and when they are removed from the diet, a diuretic effect occurs.
Starchy foods provide energy, various nutrients and some fibre.
Some starchy foods have higher GIs than table sugar.
Starchy materials found in grains are easiest to use.
Starchy potatoes work well, but can make stock grainy.
Starchy staples form an important part of anyone's diet.
Starchy vegetables belong in the bread and pasta group.
Stardial images provide the chance to do real science and make a real discovery.
A stardom is high status
Stardom alone is charisma and craft, a momentary buzz, a flash of brilliance.
Stardom can be a blessing.
Stardom can come though just one work, but more often it comes from a whole corpus.
Stardom has a high cost.
Stardom has other burdens as well.
Stardom is about a model s rise to fame.
Stardom is an every-day responsibility.
Stardom is elusive.
Stardom is imminent.
Stardom is something that's a lot rarer to find than a great singer.
Stardom is the film equivalent of Fan Mail.
Stardom is the only frock one ever really needs.
Stardom is timebound.
Stardom is unhealthy.
StarDOM is written in a way which allows the use of either package.
Stardom means big financing, big budgets.
Stardom needs time.
A stardust is romance
Stardust prepares to pick up speed from Earth's gravity.
A stare is a look
Stare means to be when used in progressive tense.
Stares are looks.
Stares burn hotter than the fire, scars into the scars.
Stares notes that positive measures designed to constrain trafficking face even greater challenges.
Some stares are inscrutable, some reveal bewilderment, and a few are nasty.
A starer is a spectator
Starer sets each appropriately with extraordinary wordpainting.
Starfish larvae are bilaterally symmetric , whereas the adults have fivefold symmetry.
Starfish mortality occurs only when all fragments of a starfish have died.
Starfish release eggs into the sea from organs that are located in the arms.
Many starfish species inhabit the rocky inter tidal zone.
A starfish is an echinoderm
Starfish adds a further twist to the notion of quasi-psychotic adaptation to life on the edge.
Starfish also occur.
Starfish can also regenerate arms that have been broken off.
Starfish can grow to be a half inch, to a couple of feet in diameter.
Starfish can have a devastating impact on shellfish.
Starfish can reproduce by fragmentation - that is, a whole new fish can grow from just a single arm.
Starfish can reproduce sexually and asexually.
Starfish has a hunger for knowledge found experientially.
Starfish has a two person in-room jacuzzi.
Starfish have eyespots at the tip of each arm, which act as light sensors.
Starfish have hundreds of tiny projections known as tube feet on the underside of their body.
Starfish have the ability to change colors.
Starfish have the ability to regenerate lost arms or body parts.
Starfish have the ability to regenerate their arms when lost or injured.
Starfish is a carnivore who likes to eat clams, shells and mussels.
Starfish is an echinoderm, which is an invertebrate that has a proportional radial body.
Starfish is an organism that does binary fission.
Starfish is featured in a new book - visit the site below for information about the book.
Starfish is the common name for a group of animals called sea stars.
StarFish is the library's new automated catalog system.
Starfish isa echinoderm.
Starfish reproduce sexually by spawning.
Starfishes also crawl into the shade, especially at low tide.
Starfishes are a good example.
Starfishes are slow moving animals and have unique water vascular system.
Starfishes begin hunting their prey through their keen senses.
Starfishes can grow new arms.
Starfishes can have at maximum twelve arms and on average five arms in total.
Starfishes have no brains.
Starfishs are animals.
Starfishs are echinoderms.
Starfishs are located in oceans.
Starfishs are located in sea.
Starfishs digest prey.
Starfishs excrete waste.
Starfishs feed on algas.
Starfishs feed on mussels.
Starfishs find food.
Starfishs get waste.
Starfishs has-part exoskeletons.
Starfishs have (part) brains.
Starfishs have (part) cell membranes.
Starfishs have (part) cells.
Starfishs have (part) corpi.
Starfishs have (part) cytoplasm.
Starfishs have (part) ears.
Starfishs have (part) faces.
Starfishs have (part) heads.
Starfishs have (part) nuclei.
Starfishs have (part) plasma membranes.
Starfishs have (part) sections.
Starfishs have (part) skulls.
Starfishs have (part) tube feet.
Starfishs have (part) vacuoles.
Starfishs have appendages.
Starfishs have arms.
Starfishs have chemicals.
Starfishs have eyes.
Starfishs have features.
Starfishs have flexible appendages.
Starfishs have microscopic eyes.
Starfishs have nasty chemicals.
Starfishs have numerous features.
Starfishs have numerous interest features.
Starfishs have power.
Starfishs have projections.
Starfishs have radial symmetry.
Starfishs have radiate arms.
Starfishs have skin.
Starfishs have spiny skin.
Starfishs have symmetry.
Starfishs have tips.
Starfishs live in oceans.
Starfishs look for food.
Starfishs obtain food.
Starfishs populate areas.
Starfishs possess endoskeletons.
Starfishs regenerate arms.
Starfishs regenerate injure limbs.
Starfishs regenerate limbs.
Starfishs regrow arms.
Starfishs regrow legs.
Starfishs use tubes for moving, and eating food.
Starfishs wash up on beaches.
Many starfish have five arms, but there are some deep-water species that carry more than fifty.
Many starfish have incredible abilities to repair themselves when damaged.
Many starfish play the crucial role of keystone predator in their environment.
Most starfish are bottom feeders.
Most starfish are predators, feeding on sessile or slow-moving prey such as mollusks and barnacles.
Most starfish have a spiky or leathery surface, depending upon the species.
Most starfish have five arms, but a few species have more, as many as fifty arms.
Most starfish have five arms, but some have more.
Most starfish have spiny or warty skin that is supported by tiny bone-like plates.
Most starfishs excrete waste.
Most starfishs feed on algas.
Most starfishs feed on mussels.
Most starfishs find food.
Most starfishs get waste.
Most starfishs has-part exoskeletons.
Most starfishs have appendages.
Most starfishs have arms.
Most starfishs have chemicals.
Most starfishs have eyes.
Most starfishs have features.
Most starfishs have flexible appendages.
Most starfishs have microscopic eyes.
Most starfishs have nasty chemicals.
Most starfishs have numerous features.
Most starfishs have numerous interest features.
Most starfishs have power.
Most starfishs have projections.
Most starfishs have radial symmetry.
Most starfishs have skin.
Most starfishs have spiny skin.
Most starfishs have symmetry.
Most starfishs have tips.
Most starfishs live in oceans.
Most starfishs look for food.
Most starfishs obtain food.
Most starfishs wash up on beaches.
Some starfish can actually feed on bivalves by extruding their cardiac stomach.
Some starfishs absorb oxygen.
Some starfishs drop arms.
Some starfishs eat animals.
Some starfishs eat mollusks.
Some starfishs eat mussels.
Some starfishs get infection.
Some starfishs have ability.
Some starfishs have advantage.
Some starfishs have amaze ability.
Some starfishs have big advantage.
Some starfishs have brains.
Some starfishs have coeloms.
Some starfishs have concepts.
Some starfishs have feet.
Some starfishs have hearts.
Some starfishs have larvae.
Some starfishs have mouths.
Some starfishs have rays.
Some starfishs have same concepts.
Some starfishs have senses.
Some starfishs have shells.
Some starfishs have spiky shells.
Some starfishs have structures.
Some starfishs have true coeloms.
Some starfishs look like versions.
Some starfishs possess power.
Some starfishs prey on clams.
Some starfishs replace limbs.
Some starfishs respond to pain.
Some starfishs retract stomachs.
Some starfishs take food.
Some starfishs wash up on seashores.
A stargazer is a bony fish
Stargazers are everywhere.
Stargazers are fish.
Stargazers are offered at no charge and regular lift ticket prices apply.
Stargazers are often very passionate about their hobby.
Stargazers are people who watch the night sky.
Stargazers can take their own telescopes.
Stargazers say light pollution is ruining the night sky.
Stargazers see by their own inner light.
Stargazers spend much of their time in contemplation in dark and lonely places.
Stargazers still maintain a vestige of that long habit.
Stargazers travel to remote locations to witness eclipses and other astronomical phenomena.
Stargazers upturn lily-heads in a vendor's bucket.
StarGazers work with a variety products.
Starhawk essay follows.
Staring observations are currently the best understood and calibrated observing modes.
Starings are watching.
Stark County continues to be the highest producing county in North Dakota.
Stark county has a few hospices to choose from.
Stark County has drop-off sites for old tires.
Stark County is likely to be affected by that expansion.
Stark difference is contrast.
Stark images capture the reality of the battlefield.
Stark inequalities persist between urban slums and leafy suburbs, town and village.
Stark light is harsh and intense, as is high light, at lofty altitudes.
Stark lines strike with purity and blind to lesser joys.
Stark reality plays nothing here.
Stark ruins mark a few others.
Stark sets lend to the mood well.
Starlight photons produce photoelectric emission from dust grains which heat the neutral gas.
Starlight riders take off in the dark.
Starlight Video is the Dallas stop for feature films made by, for, and about the English.
A starlight is light
Starlight comes from nuclear fusion produced in their cores.
Starlight is alive.
Starlight isa light.
Starlight provides no protein, carbohydrate, fat or food.
Starlights are light.
Starlights have (part) photons.
Starlights have (part) sections.
Starlights look like incense sticks, however, when lit they sparkle like stars in the sky.
Starlights pass through atmospheres.
Most starlights pass through atmospheres.
Some starlights are caused by absorption.
Some starlights produce microwave background radiation.
Some starlights produce radiation.
A starling is a bird
Starling also catches on.
Starling is a tremendous athlete with a chiseled frame.
Starling is cooler and more efficient than in the first book.
Starling is in highly publicized trouble over a botched drug arrest.
Starling is married and has two grown children.
Starling is now a diehard veteran.
Starling isa bird.
Starling makes no real difference in the flow of the film, either in a positive or negative way.
Starlings adapt to environments.
Starlings also eat fruit, seeds and suet at bird feeders, and food scraps.
Starlings also eat livestock rations and food found in garbage during the winter.
Starlings also feed at urban and suburban bird feeders.
Starlings also have a visual capacity that is thought to have evolved along with their special beak.
Starlings are a dark chunky, muscular bird.
Starlings are a great food, though.
Starlings are a major nuisance in urban areas due to their nestling, eating and living habits.
Starlings are about five inches tall.
Starlings are accomplished mimics.
Starlings are active, social birds who love spending time with their owners.
Starlings are adaptable, hardy and wary.
Starlings are adept at exploiting urban, suburban and agricultural settings.
Starlings are also city dwellers though, fond of roosting and nesting on or inside buildings.
Starlings are also fond of earthworms.
Starlings are among the fastest flying birds.
Starlings are audible through the dense traffic.
Starlings are birds.
Starlings are colonial breeders.
Starlings are common throughout Britain.
Starlings are considered a nuisance species in North America .
Starlings are considered a nuisance species in North America.
Starlings are consummate opportunists.
Starlings are extremely aggressive birds that drive other species from nest sites they want to use.
Starlings are generally a highly social family .
Starlings are generally a highly social family.
Starlings are generally monogamous, but can be polygamous.
Starlings are intelligent and adaptable, and are capable mimics.
Starlings are mimics.
Starlings are much smaller, have stubby tails, and can be spotted.
Starlings are non-native invasive birds, and are serious nest site competitors for native birds.
Starlings are normally absent only from heavily wooded areas, deserts, and areas above timberline.
Starlings are omnivores but are close to being insectivores.
Starlings are particularly fond of suet.
Starlings are rather chunky birds, about eight inches long, with short square tails.
Starlings are reluctant to perch upside down.
Starlings are remarkable mimics.
Starlings are sedentary in western Europe, where large numbers gather from eastern Europe.
Starlings are such a pest and harmful to our native birds.
Starlings are the deadliest nest competitors for martins.
Starlings are the most common species of bird found on the East Coast.
Starlings are unable to hang upside down for long.
Starlings are usually the species involved.
Starlings are very gregarious birds, flocking at all times with other starlings.
Starlings are very quick and can escape in only seconds through a cracked door.
Starlings are widespread throughout all of North America and are common in cities.
Starlings are, in fact, very clean birds.
Starlings being able to change their diets is one reason they are common.
Starlings belong to the family of birds which includes vocal mimics known as myna birds.
Starlings build all different types of nests and some look like a very nice oversized bluebird nest.
Starlings build bulky, untidy nests.
Starlings can be a major problem for livestock producers in the northern Plains in the winter.
Starlings can cause many of the same problems.
Starlings can easily kill sparrows.
Starlings can even drive woodpeckers away from newly excavated holes.
Starlings can live almost anywhere, in any climate.
Starlings can talk.
Starlings can withstand heavy mite infestations in their nesting site without harm.
Starlings cause other agricultural damage by eating cultivated fruits such as grapes and cherries.
Starlings come home to roost, then leave when weeds begin to overrun the flowers.
Starlings compete for nesting sites.
Starlings crawl right into the engine intake and make a nest on top of the engine.
Starlings dislike anything shiny.
Starlings do have interesting and positive qualities.
Starlings drive out native birds, most notably the purple martin.
Starlings eat a variety of foods.
Starlings eat food.
Starlings enter nests.
Starlings feed in flocks and roost together at night.
Starlings feed their young entirely on insects.
Starlings follow parents.
Starlings gab busily in a poplar tree.
Starlings has-part beaks.
Starlings has-part muscles.
Starlings has-part tails.
Starlings have (part) air sacs.
Starlings have (part) bird's feet.
Starlings have (part) brains.
Starlings have (part) breasts.
Starlings have (part) cell membranes.
Starlings have (part) cells.
Starlings have (part) chest cavities.
Starlings have (part) chests.
Starlings have (part) corpi.
Starlings have (part) cytoplasm.
Starlings have (part) ears.
Starlings have (part) faces.
Starlings have (part) flight feathers.
Starlings have (part) heads.
Starlings have (part) lips.
Starlings have (part) mouths.
Starlings have (part) nuclei.
Starlings have (part) plasma membranes.
Starlings have (part) quill feathers.
Starlings have (part) rib cages.
Starlings have (part) second joints.
Starlings have (part) sections.
Starlings have (part) skulls.
Starlings have (part) sterna.
Starlings have (part) talons.
Starlings have (part) vacuoles.
Starlings have (part) wishbones.
Starlings have a very long neck, fairly long head and long beak.
Starlings have an unusual bill that springs open to grip prey or pry plants apart.
Starlings have beaks.
Starlings have diameters.
Starlings have feathers.
Starlings have long yellow beaks and a vocalization that is an annoying squeal.
Starlings have long yellow beaks and a vocalization that is an intense squeal.
Starlings have powerful beak muscles for opening their beaks.
Starlings have tremendous vocal talents.
Starlings have wide-ranging food tolerances though they prefer insects.
Starlings include birds.
Starlings interact with their own kind all day long, every day.
Starlings lay eggs.
Starlings like to build in the joints of our barn, where the second floor meets the walls.
Starlings make nests.
Starlings molt their feathers in the fall.
Starlings moult constantly.
Starlings need diets.
Starlings obtain sustenance.
Starlings possess feathers.
Starlings prefer to feed early to midday and in areas where feed is constantly available.
Starlings produce an average of five eggs in each clutch.
Starlings produce several young in a brood and only a few broods.
Starlings protect their chicks from parasitic insects by lining their nests with certain herbs.
Starlings require a certain terrain for foraging.
Starlings seduce each other with long throat feathers.
Starlings take flight.
Starlings tend to flock together when feeding.
Starlings try to hold on, but they have a hard time turning upside down and drop to the ground.
Starlings turn from spotted and white to glossy and dark each year without shedding their feathers.
Starlings work indirectly to reduce numbers of the major insects that damage farm crops.
Starlings often take over the nests of native birds, expelling the occupants.
Starlings sometimes follow farm equipment as it turns up the soil.
Starlings sometimes gather at a riverside and bathe in groups of hundreds.
Starlings usually live in flocks.
Starlings usually live near humans.
Starlings usually win and take over the nest.
Most starlings adapt to environments.
Most starlings eat food.
Most starlings enter nests.
Most starlings follow parents.
Most starlings has-part beaks.
Most starlings has-part muscles.
Most starlings has-part tails.
Most starlings have beaks.
Most starlings have diameters.
Most starlings have feathers.
Most starlings make nests.
Most starlings obtain sustenance.
Most starlings possess feathers.
Most starlings take flight.
Some starlings are located on nests.
Some starlings compete with birds.
Some starlings eat beetles.
Some starlings eat berries.
Some starlings eat insects.
Some starlings even line their nests with foliage that has insect-repellant properties.
Some starlings have difficulty.
Some starlings have impact.
Some starlings have predators.
Some starlings have reputations.
Some starlings have trouble.
Some starlings kill pests.
Some starlings live in areas.
Some starlings live in fields.
Some starlings make broods.
Some starlings play in trees.
Some starlings sit in trees.
Some starlings sit on eggs.
Some starlings sit on nests.
Some starlings sit on poles.
Starluck casino is one of the most respected and popular casinos on the internet.
Starluck casino offers the very best when it comes to online blackjack and gaming.
StarMark cabinetry is all-American.
Starmark vehicles qualify for special lease and finance rates.
Starred boxes indicate primary research issues.
Starred compounds contain a mixture of two fungicides.
Starred courses are particularly appropriate.
Starred courses have an individual focus, distinct from the collective focus of the Honors Seminars.
Starred courses require permission of the instructor.
Starred databases are accessible off-campus, but require a password.
Starred entries are optional.
Starred events are usually longer than one hour.
Starred explanations indicate that the operator requires an integer argument.
Starred explanations indicate that the operator requires integer arguments.
Starred information is required.
Starred items are available in languages other than English.
Starred items are mandatory readings and are available in the bookstore.
Starred items are mandatory.
Starred items are more important than non-starred items.
Starred items are more important than the non-starred ones.
Starred items are most likely to have ecto.
Starred items are second hand.
Starred links are available for site sponsorship.
Starred names are foundation stock and early imports.
Starred problems are extra credit.
Starred problems are particularly difficult.
Starred procedures affect physician billing practices.
Starred readings are mathematical.
Starred sections are more appropriate for advanced students.
Starred sites are in German only.
Starred sites are particularly worth visiting.
Starred videos indicate popular, highly recommended titles.
Some starry hotels are available.
Starry night is here.
Starry nights are so beautiful.
Starry stonewort is an invasive green alga that has spread rapidly within some northern-tier lakes.
Starry stonewort is native to parts of Europe and Asia.
Starry stoneworts have characteristics.
Starry stoneworts have several characteristics.
Most starry stoneworts have characteristics.
Most starry stoneworts have several characteristics.
Some starry stoneworts have roots.
Some starry stoneworts look like plants.
Some starry stoneworts look like root plants.
Some starry stoneworts possess ability.
Stars Stars look good too on walls.
A starship is a space vehicle
Starship also installs itself on the hard disk, but without changing executable code.
StarShip extends the Mississippi Gulf Coast's 'playground' well past the shoreline.
Starship has their own chatrooms-to have our own class conversations without anyone else.
Starship is an amazing vessel and is basically a floating website, or multimedia wondership.
StarShip is an arcade-like scrolling space shooter.
Starship is the backing band.
StarShip offers a rich set of features.
Starship only infects files as they are copied from the hard disk to the floppy.
Starships are containers which can contain an amount of features.
Starships are in their infancy.
Starships are large and can carry from hundreds to over a thousand crew members .
Starships are large and can carry from hundreds to over a thousand crew members.
Starships are spacecrafts.
Starships are spaceships.
Starships can self-destruct between turns.
Starships draw their fuel from the worlds they visit.
Starships run on diesel.
Most starships are too small to carry wormhole engines.
A start is a beginning
Starts are advantage.
Starts are arguably the most important factor of all small boat racing.
Starts are beginnings.
Starts are from pool deck or in the water.
Starts are lines.
Starts are rooted cuttings taken from a mature dahlia plant.
Starts are turns.
Starts blower to dry and exhaust fumes from asbestos.
Starts boring, then gets good.
Starts burn hot.
Starts cause starts.
Starts diecasting machine, engages feed, and observes operation.
Starts fall only or entire series accelerated in summer.
Starts fall only.
Starts fall or spring.
Starts feed conveyors, saws, and automatic sheet-stacking mechanism.
Starts feed tank agitator, wad compressors, and conveyors.
Starts first kick almost every time.
Starts pump and moves levers and valves on control panel to regulate action of jacks.
Starts pump to circulate asphalt through heating unit.
Starts pump to move liquid to tank or to transfer liquid to processing stations.
Starts pump to transfer specified amount of solution to bowl of machine.
Starts pumps that force mud to drilling wells.
Starts pumps to move uranium nitrate solution from machine tanks to precipitation tanks.
Starts pumps to pump acid through filters and to storage tanks.
Starts pumps to transfer adhesive solution from storage tanks to machine.
Starts pumps to transfer naphthalene into storage tanks or railroad tank cars.
Starts pumps to transfer nonreacted materials to rerun tank.
Starts pumps to transfer wine from pasteurizing tanks to storage tanks.
Starts really slow out, but builds up to be a really nice song.
Starts show immediately, bypassing the slide show dialog box.
Starts start with thinks.
Starts sweep and measurement automatically within a sweep range by start command.
Starts sweep to stir mash.
Starts work after seven months of training.
Starts work on Trout Quintet.
Some starter culture adds yogurt.
Some starter culture becomes carriers.
Every starter deck has exactly the same cards as every other starter deck.
A starter motor is an electric motor
Most starter motors have a cover to protect the commutator and windings.
Starter pack is provided for open fire.
Most starter setups have a small air pump.
A starter is an electric motor
Starter isa motor.
Starter pull rope.
Starter starts by tapping two fingers on the table getting a rhythm to which the game goes.
Starters also answer questions and estimate fares.
Starters also come with automatic reset and manual reset.
Starters are a very efficient method of providing plant nutrients, especially in no-till situations.
Starters are an art in themselves.
Starters are available in both standered or no blink type.
Starters are contestants.
Starters are culture.
Starters are electric motors.
Starters are in fact the menu s weakness.
Starters are officials.
Starters are optional.
Starters are part of cars.
Starters are part of electrical systems.
Starters are the players that actually get points for the week.
Starters are the size of the smaller guys in the photo's.
Starters can range in quality and type.
Starters face a fatigue factor .
Starters feature morsels from the sea.
Starters have (part) field magnets.
Starters have (part) sections.
Starters is a unique day camp.
Starters know how to get out of jams.
Starters offer even more variety than the main courses.
Starters only pitch every fifth day.
Starters perform more consistently than seed-placed fertilizers.
Starters prepare differently.
Starters provide phosphorus, which helps in early flowering and greater yields.
Starters reveal the touch of a master.
Starters tend to be fairly heavy, often fried.
Starters use two loops and tie it firmly.
All starters can run the floor.
Every starter has a bad game every now and then, so one bad start is no reason to panic.
Most starters are back, but the depth of the squad has been depleted a bit.
Most starters are lucky to go seven innings.
Some starters also contain potatoes, milk, yogurt, fruit, and many other things.
Some starters can proof up to frothiness in an hour or two.
Some starters contain lysine.
Some starters show pretty icons and are very appealing with features like clocks, load meters, etc.
Startings are events.
Startings are running.
Startings are startings.
Many startle bites are indeed dry bites with no envenomation.
Startle discoveries change concepts.
Most startle discoveries change concepts.
Most startle patterns are brightly colored areas on the outer body of already camouflaged animals.
Startle responses involve interaction.
Most startle responses involve interaction.
Startled beasts indicate that a sudden attack is coming.
Startled birds scatter as the stillness of a summer morning is broken by a giant's roar.
Startling events occur, keeping the characters and readers on edge.
Startling images shoulder aside thoughtful, balanced content.
Startling photographs show the wonder and beauty that is the Garden Island.
Startling possibilities present themselves.
Startling prose reveals a close knit Southern community of memorable characters.
Some startling results raise questions for continued research.
Startling revelations fall thickly and accumulate.
More startling revelations are on the horizon.
Startling statistics shape our thinking about social issues.
StarTrac treadmills are always a step in the right direction.
Any Startrek spaceship is seen orbiting a planet clockwise.
Startup business is simple, really.
Startup businesses require dedication, knowledge, and capital.
Most startup businesses have their own money at risk.
Startup capital is no longer an obstacle, very little if any is required.
Startup capital is no longer an obstacle,very little if any is required.
Startup capital is used to take the business concept to the marketplace.
Startup companies are a lot more efficient per investment dollar per employee than big companies.
Startup companies are business.
Startup companies can be exciting and frightening places to work.
Startup companies can offer stock options at a low price with the potential of a large capital gain.
Startup companies face a dual problem.
Startup companies have fewer options than established operators.
Startup companies provide most of the other products for administrative and production applications.
Startup companies take a lot of energy and go through numerous changes.
Most startup companies suffer from lack of management.
Startup cost is less than for most full-page newspaper ads.
Startup cost is too high.
Startup latency is the constant commicationn overhead incurred in sending a zero length message.
Startup time is a little slow.
A startup is a beginning
StartUp forces an explicit choice of program version.
Startup grows fast.
Startup grows really fast.
StartUp ordinarily checks servers simply by determining whether the server process is running.
Startup promotes commerce on the Internet.
Startups are a bitch.
Startups are all about the future.
Startups are another story.
Startups are beginnings.
Startups are especially less likely to offer contracts.
Startups are exactly like that.
Startups are flowful.
Startups are keen to acquire disillusioned corporate workers.
Startups are more concerned about investment capital than stock options and marginal tax rates.
Startups are more efficient at developing new ideas to market than any other enterprise.
Startups are often hot until their financial backers insist they grow up.
Startups are only as strong as the people they hire and our track record speaks for itself.
Startups are risky businesses and demanding task masters.
Startups are the lifeblood of Silicon Valley.
Startups are too much of a roller coaster ride with incredibly high demands each day.
Startups are under no obligation to purchase the products at the end of the program.
Startups burn through cash at an incredible rate.
Startups do product innovation based on technology invented somewhere else.
Startups face a dizzying array of competitive pressures.
Startups Focuses on companies in business less than one year.
Startups have an uncertain income stream.
Startups have to decide whether to share equity, and whether to offer restricted stock or options.
Startups have to raise twice as much at half the price.
Startups here are in a learning period.
Startups invest a nearly unquestioned level of trust in successful dotcom entrepreneurs.
Startups like to be close to the source of their science.
Startups naturally focus heavily on technology development.
Startups own the playing field.
Startups pride themselves on their nonhierarchical organization.
Startups profit from reduced rent and more.
Startups raise money by trading equity.
Startups require more financial commitment in the beginning.
Startups require people to deal with the ambiguities of shifting strategies.
Startups suck energy from research.
Startups use our site to recruit highly experienced business and technical people.
Startups usually look for space they can move into and just flip the switch.
Startups usually require more cash than anticipated by even the most conservative expectations.
All startups eventually confront the challenge of optimally pricing their product or service.
All startups have competition of one sort or another.
All startups require creative, targeted marketing and sales programs.
Every startup competes with a great many other companies for resources and market share.
Every startup is unique - what attorneys call sui generis.
Every startup makes mistakes, often disastrous ones.
Many startups also receive funding through private placements, corporate investment and bank loans.
Many startups cherish the company culture that a core group of original employees has helped create.
Many startups fail because of their poor management.
Many startups issue stock privately just to get the company off the ground.
Many startups now consider outsourcing a key initial strategy.
Many startups receive their venture capital in stages after they hit certain performance milestones.
Many startups utilize employees and their personal credit cards to pay for company expenses.
Most startups fail, and most big mergers inflict a lot of pain on everyone except competitors.
Most startups fail.
Some startups offer generous stock options in order to attract outstanding talent.
Some starvation diets kill bacteria.
Starvation affects all races in South Africa.
Starvation affects surviving children in an emotionally severe manner.
Starvation also take lives.
Starvation also tends to increase feelings of depression, anxiety, irritability, and anger.
Starvation breeds discontent.
Starvation can also be a problem.
Starvation can also damage the heart and brain.
Starvation can cause harm to vital organs such as the heart and brain.
Starvation can induce conidiation in submerged culture.
Starvation can induce mental states such as anxiety, depression, and even psychosis.
Starvation can lead to damage of vital organs and, eventually, death.
Starvation can occur when millions of caterpillars literally eat all of their food supply.
Starvation causes a desire to kill.
Starvation causes damage.
Starvation causes death.
Starvation causes hunger.
Starvation does many horrendous things to one's body.
Starvation following the loss of forage due to fire is a potential threat.
Starvation has effects.
Starvation has indirect effects.
Starvation induces cyst formation or cell mating.
Starvation induces two haploid cells of opposite mating type to fuse and to form a zygote.
Starvation induces vacuolar targeting and degradation of the tryptophan permease in yeast.
Starvation is a gentle way to let go.
Starvation is a good deal more subtle than headlines and TV images imply.
Starvation is a looming threat.
Starvation is a major cause of death for newly hatched penguins.
Starvation is a means to control seizures.
Starvation is a principal cause of colony losses.
Starvation is a slow and painful death.
Starvation is a very real issue.
Starvation is a way of joining it.
Starvation is agony.
Starvation is all too common for new lambs.
Starvation is also common among athletes who are intent on losing weight.
Starvation is an extreme form of hunger.
Starvation is an inexpensive war strategy.
Starvation is believed to be a real threat.
Starvation is common when populations exceed the food supply.
Starvation is diseases.
Starvation is everywhere.
Starvation is extreme suffering or death from prolonged lack of food.
Starvation is handled by the queuing policy on the monitor of the room.
Starvation is horrible things.
Starvation is hunger
Starvation is hunger.
Starvation is kept at bay by the bountiful rivers and rainforests.
Starvation is mentioned as a possibility.
Starvation is most definitely a matter of power and control.
Starvation is no threat.
Starvation is on the way.
Starvation is out.
Starvation is possible.
Starvation is privation.
Starvation is probably the commonest cause of death and occurs when seal numbers change suddenly.
Starvation is rampant in China.
Starvation is rampant.
Starvation is the best diet.
Starvation is the condition usually observed.
Starvation is the greatest threat to subadult and older, weaker polar bears.
Starvation is the most avoidable tragedy of our planet.
Starvation is the most common and obvious affliction seen in horses at auctions.
Starvation is the most common and obvious affliction.
Starvation is the most common reason.
Starvation is the most severe form of malnutrition.
Starvation is the presumed cause of death.
Starvation is thought to be the main cause of mortality.
Starvation is thus one of the greatest threats that lions face.
Starvation is usually the result of faulty udders.
Starvation is worse.
Starvation is wrong.
Starvation isa hunger.
Starvation leads to cannibalism in more ways than one.
Starvation leads to death.
Starvation leads to depletion.
Starvation leads to increased anxiety depression, obsessive rigidity and to medical dysfunction.
Starvation leads to profound developmental changes.
Starvation makes the flesh of the fish denser but also softer.
Starvation now stares every one in the face who is hoping and waiting for outside relief. . . .
Starvation occurs because of the distorted ownership of the foodchain.
Starvation occurs when a process never gets a chance to run.
Starvation saves valuable bathroom time.
Starvation threatens and the ghost dance signals hope for the desperate.
Starvation threatens thousands.
Starvation sometimes makes villagers creative, too.
Most starvation causes damage.
Most starvation has effects.
Most starvation has indirect effects.
Most starvation leads to death.
Most starvation leads to depletion.
Some starvation affects pigs.
Starve deer will have bellies.
Starved animals lose their color, while well-fed ones on the usual diet are brownish or even black.
Starved patients are more sensitive to bone marrow depression with drugs such as chlorpromazine.
A stash is a store
Stash begins with simply excellent tea leaves from the world's premier tea gardens.
Stash comes next.
Stash is a small program to insert a data file inside an image.
Stash makes premium specialty teas and prides itself on superior quality and small batch blending.
Stash offers many items exclusively for on-line customers.
Stasipatric speciation is speciation within a species range owing to chromosomal changes.
Stasis dermatitis affects people with varicose veins.
Stasis dermatitis can also result in a rash that can break down into sores known as stasis ulcers.
Stasis dermatitis is a rash of the lower legs which is due to poor return of blood to the heart.
Stasis dermatitis is most apt to affect the inner side of the calf.
Stasis dermatitis is often a chronic condition.
Stasis becomes easier to envision, particularly in terms of fundamental changes.
Stasis belongs on Earth Things on Earth come to rest.
Stasis confronts an unknown enemy with strange and powerful technology.
STasis contains abstracts.
Stasis freezes things.
Stasis is a time of limited change in a lineage.
Stasis is data.
Stasis is death.
Stasis is inaction.
Stasis is pathology
Stasis is pathology.
Stasis is the antithesis of evolution.
Stasis sets in when the available ecological niches are filled by existing species.
Stastical evidence shows that most child abuse involves drug use.
Stat analysis can tag an extra half hour onto a game easily.
Stat leaders Get all the stats, drive charts, scoring summaries right here.
Stat methods serve as scientific investigation by organizing and interpreting data.
Stat office is located behind the rifle range building.
Stat rape is a touchy subject.
Stat reports are available on request.
Stat services abound.
STAT testing is available for most procedures.
STAT testing is available in several locations for patients convenience.
Stat tracking is deep and, for the most part, accurate.
State abbreviations are our normally used abbreviations.
State abbreviations list, too.
State abbreviations match the two-letter zip code abbreviations.
State abbreviations refer to state-specific grants and programs.
Some state acts cover both plants and animals, while others cover just animals.
State action exists when the state sponsors or mandates religion.
State action means a discriminatory act committed by a government official or agent.
State action means government action such as laws, regulations, ordinances etc.
State actors seem to be more constrained, maybe due to the territorial definition of nation states.
State affairs are state affairs.
State agencies administer early intervention programs with a variety of program designs.
State agencies adopt micrographics for a variety of reasons.
State agencies adopt rules to implement state and federal law.
State agencies allocate funds through a funding formula.
State agencies approve and award funds to substate level organizations, which they have designated.
State agencies are a primary user of data.
State agencies are also very involved with ecosystem management, a fact that the authors highlight.
State agencies are behind, too.
State agencies are exempt from paying such fees and service charges.
State agencies are exempt from paying the fees.
State agencies are governmental bodies with statewide jurisdiction.
State agencies are key partners in forest inventory activities.
State agencies are most likely to have a major problem with outdated equipment.
State agencies are public entities.
State agencies are responsible for code compliance in their new and remodeled buildings.
State agencies are responsible for implementing the laws the legislature passes.
State agencies are responsible for timely submission of information for inclusion in the directory.
State agencies are thus capable of handling online transactions with electronic payments.
State agencies are to comply with the local regulations when they are adopted.
State agencies are toothless.
State agencies are very pleased with the quality and reliability of Gateway products.
State agencies are where issues such as rates for electricity are handled.
State agencies buy most of their wood from the plant, which is operated by state prisoners.
State agencies calculate what portion of aid each county gets.
State agencies can also apply such standards.
State agencies can also use the Internet to provide program and licensing information to providers.
State agencies can show the feds how to conserve wildlife.
State agencies can submit about their programs, online.
State agencies can then query the database by job type, education, and job skills.
State agencies conduct quasi-judicial hearings.
State agencies consult university-based and private mediators as needed.
State agencies continue to advocate prairie dog poisoning on both public and private lands.
State agencies dealing with spatial data seem to have more in common with federal agencies.
State agencies deposit their documents in many different libraries.
State agencies deserve rapid response to purchasing requests.
State agencies develop and disseminate new environmental education programs almost annually.
State agencies develop spending proposals that are incorporated into the state budget.
State agencies do pay a sales tax on some purchases.
State agencies educate and provide current information on valued programs.
State agencies employ more wildlife biologists than do federal agencies.
State agencies engage in ongoing activities to support South Dakota s public awareness system.
State agencies enter into personal services contracts for several reasons, including cost savings.
State agencies establish discharge permitting requirements.
State Agencies Find out who governs the casinos in the state of Nevada.
State agencies focus their monitoring activity, in turn, on each watershed management unit.
State agencies forbid the dredging to continue after that date because of salmon spawning.
State agencies get on board.
State agencies have a membership with the Consortium.
State agencies have data.
State agencies have different mandates.
State agencies have different requirements.
State agencies have in some instances specifically provided for summary procedures in their rules.
State agencies have limited choices when buying electricity.
State agencies have management.
State agencies have no separate category for domestic crimes.
State agencies have significant and extensive biological databases, often developed over many years.
State agencies have some say over local land planning, and over a city's annual audits.
State agencies have the right to monitor the systems and Internet activities of employees.
State agencies include departments.
State agencies investigate complaints in regulated industries such as nursing facilities.
State agencies launch investigations.
State agencies monitor water quality and track the contaminants and pollution.
State agencies pass people off until they end up in the corrections system.
State agencies pay attention to time loss occurrences.
State agencies pay zero interest with a one percent administration fee.
State agencies promulgate pages of rules to protect themselves from potential lawsuits.
State agencies provide many services to assist victims in the healing process.
State agencies provide State funds or federal funds that they pass along.
State agencies provide technical assistance and if requested serve on the planning units.
State agencies receive one hour of free research.
State agencies receive the food and supervise overall distribution.
State agencies report the removal of World War II era vessels from the lagoon.
State agencies represent mountain villages.
State agencies represent the majority of the work group.
State agencies represent villages.
State agencies submit project proposals to address individual needs and priorities.
State agencies support local governments by providing personnel and resource assistance.
State agencies toil to spread their message about living where urban life meets wild lands.
State agencies trail local agencies by a wide margin.
State agencies use CAST data to help farmers and develop better land-management policies.
State agencies use fleet vehicles efficiently.
State agencies use it for park boardwalks, highway guardrails and other outdoor structures.
State agencies use it in park boardwalks, highway guardrails and other outdoor structures.
State agencies use new-hire reports to locate parents and enforce child support payment orders.
State agencies use the information for statistical and revenue estimating purposes.
State agencies use the Leadership Agenda to guide planning at the agency level.
State agency carries program to state.
State agency has no police power or police protection to offer.
State agency is a standing arrangement to catalyse private transactions without interest.
State agency regulates rates, licenses insurance agents and investigates fraud.
State agency reports.
State agency struggles with case overloads and poor funding.
All state agencies are eligible to participate.
All state agencies are subject to the preapproval requirements.
All state agencies are to prepare and submit their budgetary systems in a program format.
All state agencies depend on electronically generated data to accomplish their basic functions.
All state agencies have a base call number which is assigned to all of their publications.
All state agencies have long-range strategic plans tightly linked to the budget.
All state agencies remain activated and available to provide assistance as needed.
Any state agency can have the microscope at no charge other than disassembly and shipping.
Every state agency involved in floodplain or emergency management is involved.
Every state agency is understaffed.
Many state agencies can and do investigate individual complaints.
Many state agencies offer assistance with education and outreach activities.
Many state agencies operate revenue-producing facilities.
Many state agencies provide beneficial services for minorities.
Many state agencies run out of funds very early in the award year.
Many state agencies use their web pages to offer an array of links to external Internet resources.
Many state agencies utilize contracted building maintenance services and food services.
Most state agencies are also online.
Most state agencies are somewhere in between.
Most state agencies have a high interest in federal regulations.
Most state agencies have management.
Most state agencies have performance measures in place.
Most state agencies have their own web sites.
Most state agencies launch investigations.
Most state agencies operate exclusively from appropriated funds.
Most state agencies provide information on controlling nuisance Canada geese.
Most state agencies provide temporary assignments to work in a modified capacity.
Most state agencies record the race, ethnicity, and gender of their applicants.
Most state agencies represent mountain villages.
Most state agencies represent villages.
Most state agencies sell their stamps at face value.
Most state agencies use some decentralized computing, but benefits are difficult to measure.
Most state agencies verify licenses by phone.
Most state agencies verify licenses FREE by phone.
Some state agencies attempt to manage their lands in a biologically sustainable manner.
Some state agencies charge a licensure verification fee.
Some state agencies engage in cooperative management efforts.
Some state agencies have longer time limits.
Some state agencies manage their lands in a biologically sustainable manner.
Some state agencies oversee both active and abandoned mines.
Some state agencies plan and manage their lands in a biologically sustainable manner.
Some state agencies post jobs at their website, but most use the state site.
Some state agencies provide advice, complaint processing, and other advocacy assistance.
Some state agencies work with organizations.
State aid continues to be the single largest source of revenue for cities and counties.
State aid explains the difference in local property tax burden.
State aid follows student to choice district.
State aid follows students who transfer to another district.
State aid has to change to put funds behind the standards.
State aid includes grants and distribution of aid funds to local subdivisions.
State aid is adjusted by whatever percent the tuition is refunded.
State aid is also available.
State aid is available to all legal residents of the state of Alabama.
State aid is based on enrollment.
State aid is based on the population a library serves.
State aid is based on total enrollment.
State aid is calculated based on enrollment and property taxes.
State aid is designed to boost school performance.
State aid is distributed according to a district's wealth and average daily membership.
State aid is distributed based on local property property values.
State aid is distributed per pupil, which means less money for districts with declining enrollments.
State aid is divided among local school corporations by formula.
State aid is the only other option.
State aid provides for up to fifty percent of the approved costs of the construction projects.
State aid seems appropriate here, once cities have helped put together buildable sites.
State aids continue to distort competition.
State aids have several different motives.
State animal is the American buffalo.
State animal is the coyote.
State apparatuses are amongst the big players.
State archives is by reader's ticket.
State archives keep the largest collection of movie scripts anywhere.
State archives maintain documents that cover state history and events.
Some state archives have material available on states other than their own.
State assistance can be payable.
State assistance is available to participants in selected exhibits and trade fairs worldwide.
State assistance is determined on the merits of each case.
A state attorney is a prosecutor
State attorney accepts prison suicide report.
State attorneys are prosecutors.
State attorneys disagree.
State attorneys dispute the county's positions.
State auditors are now reviewing the agency, records show.
State auditors assess state operations and provide recommendations for improvement.
State auditors use the reports to help evaluate internal control.
A state bank is a bank
State banks are chartered, regulated and supervised by their state's banking division.
State banks are well capitalized, profitable, and serving their customers.
Most state banks are located in Ankara, while many of the private banks are centered in Istanbul.
State bars require graduation from law school for anyone who wants to be admitted.
Every state bar supports some form of assistance for attorneys.
Many state bars can help attorneys recognize and address problems in a variety of areas.
Most state bars treat Internet advertising the same way they treat print advertising.
Some state bars have a certification program in appellate law.
Some state bars require registration at the time of entry into law school.
State benefits are higher in Alaska than other states.
Some state benefits require certain requirements to be eligible.
State bird is the seagull.
State birds are an odd study.
State bonds have tax advantages.
State budget nears completion today .
State budgets are often too tight to allow for hiring new staff.
State budgets are stronger and fewer costs are being shifted to students.
State budgets are stronger, and fewer costs are being shifted to students.
State budgets are too tight and the economy of our State is still too cyclical.
State capital is a city
State capital is capital cities.
State capital is capital
State capital is capital.
State capital is cities.
State capital is only ninety miles from the town.
State capitals are repositories of local, county, and state records.
State capitals are shown in boldface .
State capitals are shown in boldface.
State capitals have an extra attribute, state, that shows their state.
State capitals is the only list that currently here.
State capitol is one block on left.
State championship is an annual goal.
State championships abound from little league teams through high school.
State championships are one by one point.
State championships are permanent.
Most state championship meets consist of eleven dives.
State change is an action
State changes are physical.
State changes occur at random points in time, and causes the texture to change.
State changes occur only as a result of events .
State changes persist, even after a display list is finished.
State changes result from the firing of transitions, yielding a new distribution of tokens.
State charts allow events , actions and activities to be modeled.
State code applies.
State code defines sampling.
State code Displays the state code for the state where the check recipient resides.
State code exempts police officers from wearing seatbelts in the course of their duties.
State code requires a foundation, gutters and skirting.
State codes appear to the far left of the first line of each listing.
State codes cover building, plumbing and electrical work and fire and safety requirements.
Many State codes allow for mixing zones.
Many state codes compel state courts to hear evidence and make findings on domestic violence.
State colleges are less expensive than universities.
State colleges charge two different rates for tuition.
State colleges get a certain dollar amount of subsidy per student.
State colleges have some significant advantages over large research universities.
Most state colleges require students to take mathematics placement exams upon enrollment.
Some state colleges offer distance education courses only to students living within that state.
State companies can import by bidding after obtaining budget and foreign currency quota.
State constitutions can be the basis of substantial rights unavailable under federal law.
State constitutions do much more than simply set forth the outlines of the state government.
State constitutions guarantee all children the right to a free public education.
State constitutions vary greatly in their treatment of administrative agencies.
All state constitutions are restricted by the U.S. Constitution.
Every state constitution carries a similar guarantee to the right to jury trial in criminal cases.
Every state constitution requires a balanced budget.
Many state constitutions make the public schools a responsibility of the state or local government.
Most state constitutions are a mirrored version of the U.S. Constitution.
Most state constitutions have similar protections.
Most State constitutions say the same thing.
State council is a principal sponsor of state games.
State council is major sponsor of torch run.
Some state councils do provide materials free of charge to libraries.
State courts are better suited to adjudicating state claims under state law.
State courts are competent.
State courts are often a blank page to be filled in by the most clever manipulator in the courtroom.
State courts are the product of the individual state's constitution and legislation.
State courts are very different.
State courts determine issues of state law and also determine issues of federal law.
State courts hand down some of the toughest sentences in the country.
State courts handle cases involving state constitutions and laws.
State courts handle nearly every type of case, subject to certain jurisdictional limits.
State courts handle the lion's share of drunk driving and drug sale and possession cases.
State courts have concurrent jurisdiction with federal district courts.
State courts have jurisdiction over most malpractice cases.
State courts have jurisdiction to decide such a question.
State courts have jurisdiction to enforce rights that arise under federal law.
State courts have no jurisdiction in bankruptcy cases.
State courts have supremacy in family law cases.
State courts have their own history of audiovisual coverage.
State courts provide varying degrees of such protection.
State courts remain free to adopt rules that go beyond the Constitution's minimum requirements.
State courts seem to be divided on whether an injured employee can recover for horseplay.
Many state courts fail to do so.
Many state courts have four levels.
State departments are government departments.
State departments consist of many sub-units that are highly interdependent.
State departments lack the technology to store and retrieve data.
Every state department retains a number of excess positions on the books.
Many state departments offer detailed information.
State diagrams are also ambiguous if conditions occur for which no next state is given.
State diagrams depict the status conditions and responses of participants involved in behavior.
State diagrams enable the modeling and design of the dynamic behavior of objects.
State diagrams help predict rheology of cereal proteins.
State diagrams represent the logic of an algorithm.
Every state diagram is associated with exacltly one class.
State dinners are different.
State education includes education at any state university, state college, TAFE or state school.
State education is free of charge under the law.
All state education is free.
State enterprises are often two to three months late in paying their own employees.
State enterprises bleed money, but there is no strong effort at privatization.
State enterprises can be recipes for the worst examples of corruption and bad government.
State enterprises control the printing presses.
State enterprises remain highly inefficient and privatization efforts have stalled.
State entities tend to be overcautious and complacent.
State finances are good.
State finances are in excellent shape.
State finances are to be put in order.
State flag is the flag flown by the government of a country.
Many state flags are the same as national flags but with the country's coat of arms added.
State forests are also members of the forest owner associations.
State forests are Pennsylvania's hidden recreational gems.
Some state forests conduct special events throughout the year.
State formation has a major impact on group population percentages.
State formation is a progressive process, though it is often accompanied by violence.
State fossils are another new breed of symbols which recall the very distant past.
State goals depend upon loyalty and obedience for their accomplishment.
State government affects each and every Floridian everyday.
State government anticipates and works to meet the public's needs.
State government appears to be in perpetual denial and paralysis.
State government can have a positive or negative impact on every employee and employer in Michigan.
State government can pay such a fee.
State government can raise taxes.
State government can step in.
State government contributes one-half of the program's cost, the federal government the other half.
State government decides how much money schools get.
State government depends heavily on regressive taxes to fund a minimal level of services.
State government develops budgets on two year cycles.
State government gets just as many state contracts as expedient for campaign contributors.
State government has a dismal history of corruption in dealings with the gambling industry.
State government has a program to assist employees.
State government has a role to play in the E-rate program.
State government has a subsidiary role in the planning and implementation of health policy.
State government has many responsibilities.
State government has no business intruding into professional decisions made in the classroom.
State government has roles.
State government has to set priorities the same as everyone else.
State government incarcerates prisoners and builds roads.
State government is a remarkable, miraculous, amazing institution.
State government is accountable to the taxpayers and to their elected representatives.
State government is better today because of our two-party system.
State government is by far the largest employer.
State government is currently in the throes of setting the budget for the next fiscal year.
State government is frequently unproductive.
State government is government
State government is government.
State government is in good shape.
State government is in the best financial situation in a generation.
State government is more efficient, open, and accessible.
State government is no exception.
State government is part of that team, too.
State government is poised to provide such opportunity as never before.
State government is regional government.
State government is responsible for ensuring that the system in fact operates like a system.
State government is staffed by talented, well-meaning people.
State government is the area's largest employer.
State government is the largest employer and the largest organization in North Carolina.
State government is the largest employer, and tourism is a source of seasonal employment.
State government is the leading base of the economy.
State government is the Texas health care industry's largest single customer.
State government is Topeka's largest employer.
State government leaves a big footprint on the face of Oregon.
State government makes a mess.
State government makes it tough to turn a profit.
State government needs a simple, flexible and integrated IT planning process.
State government needs to become more efficient and less costly.
State government needs to do whatever possible to stabilize the market.
State government orders magisterial inquiry.
State government pervades all parts of our business and economic life and controls it in many areas.
State government plays an important part in our life, too.
State government plays key roles.
State government plays roles.
State government presents the risk factor data at the statewide and area development district level.
State government provides alternative food sources.
State government provides alternative sources.
State government provides food sources.
State government provides sources.
State government records.
State government remains a significant force in Austin's economy.
State government restricts the ability of employees to cash out unused vacation days.
State government seems to have taken the message well and wishes to transmit it to the grass roots.
State government spends large amounts of money on advertising.
State government spends large sums each year on contracts to maintain and repair agency equipment.
State government sponsors sensitivity courses that government workers are required to take.
State government takes place in the regions.
State government uses that airport a lot.
State government uses the money it receives wisely.
State government works more effectively.
State government works more smoothly when the two top officials belong to the same party.
State governments adopt one of the three model building codes.
State governments appear to have strengthened their hand since last year.
State Governments are able to influence many facets of health care delivery.
State governments are active as well.
State governments are also divided into executive, legislative and judicial branches.
State governments are also eager to introduce small business to the nuts and bolts of exporting.
State governments are another matter.
State governments are anxious to see that accountability is a local concern.
State governments are eligible to apply in the latter category.
State governments are employers.
State governments are flush with money.
State governments are hungry for tax revenues and aggressively pursue every potential taxpayer.
State governments are in surplus.
State governments are large employers who can benefit by participating in state and local BLNs.
State governments are large information technology consumers.
State governments are often in the position to understand the needs of the people in that state.
State governments are on the case.
State governments are worse than federal and city governments are the worst of all.
State governments are worse than federal, and city governments are the worst of all.
State governments can be just as bureaucratic and burdensome as the federal government.
State governments can help industries learn how to prevent pollution.
State governments can play at least a supporting role in that cure.
State governments choose to separate their pensions from their operating budget.
State governments continue to axe more public sector jobs.
State governments depend on both income and sales taxes .
State governments determine both school funding and academic standards.
State governments determine the amount of bonds they plan to issue independently.
State governments do little social insurance or progressive taxation.
State governments fare no better under examination.
State governments find it easier to get support for lotteries than for school taxes.
State governments grant permission for biotech research, production projects and field-testing.
State Governments have a direct interest in their role as the dominant employers of nurses.
State governments have lending and guarantee systems, and they also use industrial revenue bonds.
State governments have little responsibility and less authority on reservations.
State governments have little success imposing sanctions.
State governments have offices that focus on trade and export promotion.
State governments have the option of participating in the program.
State governments have the right to collect tax revenues.
State governments have their own securities laws and regulations.
State governments have Web sites.
State governments identify the names and boundaries of state reservations.
State governments manage additional natural areas for similar values.
State governments offer employers job posting and resume search for free.
State governments operate numerous types of self-insurance funds.
State governments oversee the licensing of nursing homes.
State governments pay the remainder with matching funds.
State governments play a similar role within their own boundaries.
State governments seem to have failed at managing the hatcheries.
State governments treaty Indian tribes and quasi-public nonprofit institutions or organizations.
State governments use licensure and certification laws to regulate the assisted living community.
State governments work very much like the federal government .
State governments work very much like the federal government.
All state governments are large employers and impact natural qualities.
All state governments have archival or historical records sections employing archivists.
All State governments have archival or historical records sections employing archivists.
All state governments have similar data-generating programs.
All state governments require that nursing homes be licensed.
Every state government has a nursing home ombudsman program.
Every state government provides rehabilitation and aging services.
Every state government regulates insurance.
Many state governments have individual veterans advocacy programs.
Many state governments provide excellent information access.
Many state governments provide export financing through their international trade offices.
Most state government has roles.
Most state government plays key roles.
Most state government plays roles.
Most state government provides alternative food sources.
Most state government provides alternative sources.
Most state government provides food sources.
Most state government provides sources.
Most state governments are broke.
Most state governments have a special office that investigates consumer problems and complaints.
Most State governments have complementary legislation.
Most state governments regulate charitable organizations.
Most state governments require an agency to be licensed.
Most state governments use a state plane grid unique to that state.
Some state government has regulators.
Some state governments fear both the loss of control over gambling and the loss of revenues.
Some state governments have similar regulations.
Some state governments levy both inheritance and estate taxes.
Some state governments regulate diesel smoke emissions.
State governors are elected to office by popular vote.
State governors are eligible to compete for the majority of the grant funds.
State governors are more or less independent from the interference of the head of government.
State governors are overwhelmingly against the ban.
Most state grasses are species that provide good forage for cattle.
State health officials say in statements.
A state highway is a highway
State highways are within a short distance of the village.
All state highways are open and there is no indication of any isolated population areas.
Many state highways serve the area.
State holidays affect state government offices and some schools.
State holidays are legal holidays in a particular state or states.
State hospitals are at a crisis point, according to authorities.
State industries are still prevalent.
State industries face an identity crisis.
State information excludes any cities listed separately.
State information indicates teens tend to be in more accidents at night.
State information is available by clicking on the following map or the text links below it.
State information is displayed on the character information page.
State information is included in the generated code to show the effect of calling each operation.
State information is shared among spacecraft in short cross-link messages.
State information is updated as often as received.
State information is used to dynamically configure the application.
State Information Learn each state capital, state flower, highest point, population, and state flag.
State information needs to be kept for keys and accidentals.
All state information is reset to default values in preparation for a new input buffer.
Most state information is distributed via flooding.
State insect is the honeybee.
State inspection is due.
State inspection is mandatory for meat and poultry being transported and sold within a state.
State inspections are available through authorized service stations, garages and car dealerships.
State insurance covers virtually all medical costs, with small co-payments for prescription drugs.
State insurance mandates.
State interest is always paramount.
State intervention can be as distorting in the cultural sphere as in the economy.
State intervention is needed in order to restart the economy.
State land consists of two state parks and one conservation area.
State land leases.
State land lines parts of the waterway.
State land means land owned by, or under the jurisdiction of, the state or any state agency.
State lands are actually very valuable resources.
State lands make up the remainder of the lake's shoreline.
Many state lands offer overlook sites for great views of wildlife within their natural habitat.
Most state land is in isolated square-mile parcels across the state.
Much state land surrounds the property.
Some state lands adjoin the Park.
State law affects the rights of tenants in two principal ways.
State law allocates funds from the budget, tuition and even parking citations to other areas.
State law allows all ages in most establishments that serve only beer.
State law allows an independent school board to simply vote to merge with the county district.
State law allows any prisoner serving any length of time to apply for a commutation.
State law allows both the prosecution and defense in a case one chance to disqualify a judge.
State law allows cities to file cases in district court when they have no municipal court.
State law allows closed-door meetings for the discussion of public employee disciplinary action.
State law allows commute trips between the employee s residence and temporary duty station.
State law allows condos to waive reserves if owners approve.
State law allows corporal punishment in public school.
State law allows counties to ask the state for a new list every one, two or three years.
State law allows county officeholders to meet periodically to review and set their own salaries.
State law allows entities who have no contested races to forego the expense of having an election.
State law allows for a conviction based solely on a confession.
State law allows for compensation to victims and survivors under certain circumstances.
State law allows for half-mast flags only when state officials or other notables pass away.
State law allows for people to vote only in the precinct where they reside.
State law allows for programs about religious holidays.
State law allows for the appointment of two guardians.
State law allows gay couples to serve as foster or adoptive parents.
State law allows government agencies to ask for compensation for the inspection of public records.
State law allows government bodies to negotiate land purchases in closed-door meetings.
State law allows interest groups to give campaign money to legislators during the extra session.
State law allows murder charges to be filed when a felony is committed and someone dies as a result.
State law allows official clerks records to be kept in electronic format.
State law allows people to care for up to two unrelated children without state permission.
State law allows police to auction items after six months if no owner comes forward or can be found.
State law allows poll workers to offer assistance.
State law allows public bodies to be briefed in private only to receive information.
State law allows public officials to charge only the actual cost of copying information.
State law allows public schools to excuse individual students from class for religious purposes.
State law allows radio waves to register six volts per meter.
State law allows reports to come in late as long as they are postmarked a day before the deadline.
State law allows revocation of licenses of attorneys who don t pay child support.
State law allows security deposits to be up to two times the monthly rent.
State law allows state agencies to withhold only very limited information.
State law allows such unbid contracts.
State law allows taxation on the sanitation fee.
State law allows teachers to use sick leave in the event of the death of an immediate family member.
State law allows teaching licenses to be revoked for felony convictions.
State law allows the committee to meet with only four members, which represents a quorum.
State law allows the county to charge the public for copies of government data.
State law allows the department to create small parks for recreation purposes.
State law allows the district to levy taxes to cover the cost of health and safety expenses.
State law allows the division of public pension benefits.
State law allows the prosecutor, with no review by a judge, to file adult charges in circuit court.
State law allows the remains to be removed from the casket a year and a day after the death.
State law allows the supervisors to consolidate some elected offices when the seats become vacant.
State law allows three business days for open records requests to be filled.
State law allows two days for completion of applicant background investigations.
State law allows up to five years in prison on the charge.
State law allows up to six months for the collection effort.
State law appears to be adequate.
State law applies in a patent context when the licensing of a patent is involved.
State law applies to issues concerning the validity, revocability and enforceability of contracts.
State law applies.
State law authorizes assessment of court costs.
State law authorizes every county to enact planning and zoning.
State law authorizes local boards of education to designate school bus stops.
State law authorizes school districts to impose developer fees on new construction.
State law authorizes the department to issue civil penalties for hazardous waste violations.
State law authorizes the department to revoke the certificate of an operator for falsifying records.
State law authorizes the governor to enter such an agreement.
State law authorizes the municipality to regulate industrial users of municipal sewage systems.
State law bans sex offenders fro working with children.
State law bars media from publishing or broadcasting name of victim of sexual offense.
State law blocks commissioners from approving a pay increase for the current term of office.
State law calls for all their votes to be discarded.
State law calls for four years of physical education in high school.
State law calls for the election of the three candidates who receive the greatest countywide vote.
State law calls for traffic fines to be doubled when violations occur within a construction zone.
State law can set a precedence in other states.
State law caps districts' operational spending and sets a maximum tax rate.
State law caps such damage awards at one million dollars.
State law caps the enrollment in programs that provide in-home care.
State law challenges.
State law cites a machine with a violation if it misses too many objects on a single view.
State law claims.
State law classifies amphetamines and methamphetamine as stimulants.
State law classifies amphetamines and methamphetamines as stimulants.
State law classifies some data collected and maintained by county agencies as confidential.
State law conflicts.
State law conforms to federal law requiring capacity plates on vessels.
State law contemplates the position of acting superintendent to be of short duration.
State law contemplates the use of tourist or economy class air fare.
State law controls distribution of both real and personal property.
State law controls the loan sale activity of state-chartered credit unions.
State law defines a liquidation as the selling off of existing inventory.
State law defines a relative as a spouse or the parent of a minor.
State law defines an assault as a physical injury or a serious physical injury.
State law defines precisely what is considered separate property.
State law defines sexual contact as intentional touching of sexual or intimate parts.
State law defines such work as contracting, which requires a different registration.
State law defines the creditor protection given to IRAs.
State law defines what is necessary to accomplish that transfer.
State law demands a C average to graduate.
State law demands that the valuation be based on market value.
State law demands the full amount be raised before construction can begin.
State law determines how long an implied warranty lasts.
State law determines the applicable period of limitations.
State law determines the effect of any liens recorded against the petitioners property.
State law determines the effect of any state restoration of civil rights.
State law determines the extent and effect of a homestead.
State law determines the laws governing the operation of a homeowners' association.
State law determines the rights of each party in a product liability case.
State law determines what the property rights are between the spouses.
State law determines whether a lender is required to pay interest.
State law determines whether an alien can act as a trustee.
State law determines which ones.
State law determines who the heirs are and how much they receive.
State law dictates a two-mile maximum for all students.
State law dictates education funding through property taxes.
State law dictates that the firearms sale be open to the public.
State law dictates the location of an annual meeting of shareholders.
State law dictates whether executive counseling firms are licensed.
State law dictates.
State law differs from federal law with respect to eligible rollover distributions.
State law disallows use of the bond referendum for salaries or personnel positions.
State law discourages prepayment for merchandise or services.
State law does allow counties to plan and design courthouses in any order they wish.
State law does allow counties, cities, and towns to form solid waste management districts.
State law does mandate access on one annual visit.
State law does require the installation of meter casings and pipes on all new homes.
State law does require the school board to be the policy-making body.
State law doubles speeding fines in construction areas.
State law establishes guidelines and agencies to supervise the procurement functions.
State law establishes maximum amounts which the guaranty associations can pay per policy.
State law establishes the borders of school districts to coincide with town boundaries.
State law establishes the framework for determining the validity and limits for both.
State law establishes the law as far as cities and towns are concerned.
State law establishes the right of certain citizens to carry concealed weapons.
State law excludes smokers from eligibility.
State law exempts nonprofits from paying local property taxes.
State law exempts particular nonprofits from property taxes.
State law exists to resolve the problem.
State law fills that gap.
State law fixes the maximum rate of allowable interest.
State law forbids a beer maker from doing that.
State law forbids a county commissioner from holding office while seeking another county post.
State law forbids candidate endorsement from public-funded materials.
State law forbids claims for lost or mutilated tickets.
State law forbids counties from using zoning to regulate farms.
State law forbids government agencies from taking a position on ballot initiatives.
State law forbids imposing fees in one geographic area and using the money in another.
State law forbids mistreatment of farm animals.
State law forbids publishing or broadcasting identity of rape victims.
State law forbids school board members from having spouses on the district payroll.
State law forbids school board members from holding office when spouses work for the district.
State law forbids smoking in bathrooms, corridors, elevators, and stairways.
State law forbids state police officers from pursuing elective office while on active duty.
State law forbids such a practice.
State law forbids teaching to the test.
State law forbids the opening of a trench without the underground utilities being marked.
State law forbids the possession of alcoholic beverages as a minor.
State law gives certain telecommunications enterprises tax exemptions and tax credits.
State law gives cities broad powers to annex areas that are adjacent to the city.
State law gives consumers additional opportunities to opt out at least every two years.
State law gives elected superintendents almost absolute authority over school district personnel.
State law gives former candidates and officeholders six years to dispose of leftover campaign funds.
State law gives school boards the authority to make and administer school policy.
State law gives the citizens of each county the right to form a PUD through a public vote.
State law gives the legislature power to seize space in the building.
State law gives the tax collector the ability to postpone a tax lien sale eight consecutive times.
State law governs annexation procedures in South Carolina.
State law governs credit reports and application fees.
State law governs minimum requirements for auto insurance.
State law governs our collection process.
State law governs procedures relating to the suspension of pupils.
State law governs procedures relating to the suspension of students.
State law governs restrictive covenants.
State law governs the form and validity of the security agreement.
State law governs the release of agency records, documents, and other information.
State law governs the scope of coverage.
State law governs trusts.
State law governs whether a document is regarded as a true lease or purchase agreement.
State law governs wills, trusts and charitable gift in a contractual agreement.
State law governs.
State law grants federal, state, county, and city governments priority acquisition rights.
State law grants similar authority to hospital administrators.
State law has a broad definition of a violent incident in school.
State law has a very narrow definition of a grievance, whereas a complaint is a much broader term.
State law holds otherwise.
State law imposes limitations on withholding blood particularly in emergency situations.
State law imposes the maximum occupational tax rate.
State law imposes the same rate of withholding on all nonperiodic distributions.
State law includes parents as members of district and campus decision making teams.
State law includes the constitution, laws, regulations and judicial decisions of any state.
State law is also increasingly available on the Internet.
State law is also limited.
State law is clear.
State law is insufficient, police say.
State law is more diverse.
State law is silent on the issue of increases in deposit after the payment of the initial deposit.
State law is silent on the issue.
State law is silent on whether a public transportation system can be for a specific class of users.
State law is similar.
State law is subservient to federal law.
State law is very general.
State law is very important in determining the effectiveness of partnership use.
State law limits a death row inmate to one such appeal.
State law limits non-student hourly employment to six months in any revolving twelve month period.
State law limits such fees to stormwater, water, sewer, transportation and parks impacts.
State law limits the amount of money that can be levied for many specific purpose funds.
State law limits the availability of absentee ballots to the three listed circumstances only.
State law limits the dispensing of hearing instruments to licensed dealers and audiologists.
State law limits the distance between bus stops to two tenths of one mile.
State law limits the district's revenue according to the number of students it has.
State law limits the duration of local franchise agreements to ten years.
State law limits the size of contingency fees only in medical malpractice cases.
State law limits their fees to ten percent of the property located for an individual.
State law limits trustees to two consecutive terms.
State law makes it illegal for any state institution to bargain with a union.
State law makes it illegal to cross a street when a red hand or light is flashing.
State law makes levy and bond issues tougher to pass by requiring a super majority.
State law makes no distinction between commercial and custom processing.
State law makes no provision for a combination of both.
State law makes no provisions for lateral transfers from one police department to another.
State law makes operation of a polluting landfill a criminal violation.
State law makes parents legally responsible for any abuse of public property by their children.
State law makes parents responsible for property loss or damage caused by a student.
State law makes possession or sale of any amount a criminal offense.
State law makes the fee structure for passenger vehicles different from that of trucks.
State law mandates a residency requirement.
State law mandates expulsion for students who knowingly possess a firearm.
State law mandates summer watering restrictions for towns using Lake Michigan water.
State law mandates that a fire drill be conducted in the residence halls at least once a month.
State law mandates that all dogs, cats and ferrets be regularly inoculated against rabies.
State law mandates that all fourth grade students study the history of New Jersey.
State law mandates that all real estate agents declare an agency relationship.
State law mandates that cities have a housing element in their general plan.
State law mandates that each course meet a minimum number of hours each semester.
State law mandates that law enforcement agencies release incident reports to anyone who asks.
State law mandates that strays be kept six days before being destroyed.
State law mandates that vehicles are covered by insurance.
State law mandates the city assessor value all property at market value.
State law mandates the monitoring of the English proficiency of the teaching staff.
State law mandates the plan and requires that it be updated every five years.
State law offers special protections.
State law outlines how much non-custodial parents are required to pay for child support.
State law outlines the powers and duties of local boards of health.
State law outweighs religious law.
State law permits an individual to serve more than one city as a municipal judge.
State law permits hotel occupancy tax revenue to be used only for specific purposes.
State law permits impeachment up to two years after a person leaves office.
State law permits notaries to administer oaths and affirmations of office.
State law permits only the governor to remove district library board members.
State law permits patients access to copies of their medical records .
State law permits patients access to copies of their medical records.
State law permits the court to award such fees under the so-called private attorney general theory.
State law permits the seizing of property used in the commission of felonies.
State law permits the service station to charge a fee for recycling used oil.
State law places several requirements on a construction trust account.
State law precludes one person from picking up more than two absentee ballots for family members.
State law preempts the subject of minors carrying, possessing, or transporting firearms.
State law prescribes certain class size limits for elementary schools.
State law prescribes the duties of the offices.
State law prescribes the powers and duties of the county supervisor.
State law prevents adoptees from gaining access to their birth records.
State law prevents parking facilities from being absorbed into the cost of new buildings.
State law prevents putting a levy before the voters more than twice in a calendar year.
State law prohibits a taxing entity from retracting the exemption once it is approved.
State law prohibits accepting checks from corporations or foreign nationals.
State law prohibits adults from buying liquor for underage drinkers.
State law prohibits advance payment for services rendered.
State law prohibits agencies from confirming or denying the existence of ongoing probes.
State law prohibits agencies from paying more than appraised value for any property.
State law prohibits alcohol on public land.
State law prohibits alcohol on school grounds.
State law prohibits alcoholic beverages.
State law prohibits alcoholic drinks on public streets.
State law prohibits ALRB board members from holding other jobs.
State law prohibits alteration of the shore.
State law prohibits an employer from dismissing employees summoned for jury service.
State law prohibits any advance in salary.
State law prohibits any in-person solicitation by a funeral provider.
State law prohibits anyone convicted of a felony from holding elective office.
State law prohibits anyone convicted of a felony from seeking or holding public office.
State law prohibits anyone taking a bite out of another's hamburger.
State law prohibits attorneys from releasing personal information about witnesses in public filings.
State law prohibits bar employees from serving alcohol to intoxicated customers.
State law prohibits beer and wine suppliers from extending credit to retailers.
State law prohibits beer sales and coolers in the same areas at the speedway.
State law prohibits betting on events where the outcome is known.
State law prohibits board users from posting telephone credit card numbers and calling card numbers.
State law prohibits burning anything other than yard debris, brush or household trash.
State law prohibits cash advances for travel within the state.
State law prohibits cash payments from the games.
State law prohibits cash payouts from the games.
State law prohibits casinos.
State law prohibits convicted felons from possessing guns.
State law prohibits creating a park district which encompasses the entire county.
State law prohibits digging without a permit however.
State law prohibits directors from borrowing from non-profit corporations.
State law prohibits disposing of yard wastes with the garbage.
State law prohibits distribution on election day.
State law prohibits donors from giving money to political causes in the name of another person.
State law prohibits felons from holding an interest in a racetrack in Oklahoma.
State law prohibits felons from holding municipal office.
State law prohibits funding organizations that provide abortion services.
State law prohibits gambling and the use or possession of illegal drugs.
State law prohibits gambling or alcoholic beverages on school property.
State law prohibits individuals from holding two or more elected offices at the same time.
State law prohibits inquiries by hiring officials about marital status before a job offer is made.
State law prohibits intoxicated persons from operating a vessel.
State law prohibits juveniles from buying or possessing handguns.
State law prohibits law enforcement from such direct transfers to a federal agency.
State law prohibits lawmakers from giving themselves raises while in office.
State law prohibits leaving any vehicle other than RVs unattended.
State law prohibits local police from transferring the seized money to a federal agency.
State law prohibits new cleared openings from being created within the buffer area.
State law prohibits nurses and teachers from dispensing aspirin to students.
State law prohibits officials from using their public positions for personal gain.
State law prohibits parking bikes on side-walks where they obstruct pedestrian traffic.
State law prohibits parking bikes on sidewalks where they obstruct pedestrian traffic.
State law prohibits payments for any unoccupied space.
State law prohibits pets in state buildings.
State law prohibits police from making such direct transfers to a federal agency.
State law prohibits police officers from encouraging or participating in any type of strike.
State law prohibits possession of any snake.
State law prohibits possession or use of fireworks.
State law prohibits possession, use or sale of alcoholic beverages or illegal drugs.
State law prohibits posting signs off site to advertise an event.
State law prohibits prosecuting anyone under the age of ten.
State law prohibits public assets from being given away.
State law prohibits purchases from employees except as a result of a public competitive bid.
State law prohibits putting fish remains into the water.
State law prohibits putting the remains into the water.
State law prohibits removing recyclable materials from someone else's refuse container.
State law prohibits retroactive consideration of domicile.
State law prohibits school administrators from any promotional activities in bond elections.
State law prohibits school boards from asking for prices on projects.
State law prohibits schools from operating with a deficit.
State law prohibits smoking in all facilities.
State law prohibits smoking in public areas.
State law prohibits smoking in public buildings.
State law prohibits smoking in the clubhouse facility.
State law prohibits smoking on the bus.
State law prohibits smoking on the train.
State law prohibits smoking on trains or in stations.
State law prohibits such data sharing.
State law prohibits such wiretapping unless both parties consent.
State law prohibits tampering with fire alarms or removing fire fighting equipment.
State law prohibits teachers from striking.
State law prohibits telecommunications utilities from billing customers unauthorized charges.
State law prohibits the Clerk and all deputy clerks from giving any type of legal advice.
State law prohibits the commission from acknowledging or discussing specific ethics cases.
State law prohibits the creation of a new city within three miles of a city the size of Lebanon.
State law prohibits the disposal of any oil or petroleum products into the sewer system.
State law prohibits the disposal of lead acid batteries.
State law prohibits the disposal of tires in landfills.
State law prohibits the disposal of whole or shredded tires.
State law prohibits the hiring of convicted felons.
State law prohibits the importation and possession of snakes and other illegal animals.
State law prohibits the keeping of any of our native wildlife as pets.
State law prohibits the library staff from giving more than legal reference instruction.
State law prohibits the money from being used to launch a bid for a federal post.
State law prohibits the money from being used to launch a bid for federal post.
State law prohibits the operation of a motorized bicycle on any freeway.
State law prohibits the payment of wages prior to the end of a pay cycle.
State law prohibits the public release of the teachers' names.
State law prohibits the release of the name of a person who reports a violation.
State law prohibits the retroactive granting of sick leave or sick leave pool hours.
State law prohibits the sale of bodies or body parts.
State law prohibits the sale of tobacco products to minors.
State law prohibits the school staff from dispensing any type of internal medication.
State law prohibits the transportation of several harmful exotics.
State law prohibits the use of any other alcoholic beverages on the property.
State law prohibits the use of genetic information by a state agency, including judges.
State law prohibits the use of safety bars with combination locks.
State law prohibits the use of stairways and corridors for storage, regardless of their width.
State law prohibits the use of state facilities for personal gain or benefit.
State law prohibits the use of the university's facilities and grounds for personal gain.
State law prohibits the use of university resources for commercial gain.
State law prohibits title companies from keeping the interest that accrues on escrow accounts.
State law prohibits unauthorized access to computer systems.
State law prohibits unlawful possession of controlled dangerous substances and paraphernalia.
State law prohibits using tax dollars to campaign on behalf of such issues.
State law prohibits using tips to calculate the amount of Oregon's minimum wage.
State law prohibits Virginia governors from serving a second term.
State law protects a juror's job.
State law protects the tufa.
State law provides an alternative.
State law provides complete anonymity and protection to complainants.
State law provides for destruction of fireworks sold for distribution in New York City.
State law provides for that punishment for a second severe sex offense.
State law provides for the collection of many fees which are deposited in the highway fund.
State law provides for the protection and the public's right to the use of Oregon's beaches.
State law provides for the use of any center-fire ammunition for big game.
State law provides for two classes of judges, district judges and district magistrate judges.
State law provides for using the public bus system to transport students.
State law provides no fines or jail time for violators.
State law provides specific exemptions from the health fee.
State law provides strict penalties for such infractions.
State law provides that a parent be shown and upon request be provided a copy of a pupil's records.
State law provides that a recount can be requested by anyone.
State law provides that all full-time employees earn one day a month.
State law provides that the delinquent tax collector can charge an eight percent penalty.
State law provides that the selectboard appoints planning commission members.
State law provides the authority for the installation of fish screens.
State law provides the board with authority to regulate the state's barbering profession.
State law provides various tax incentives that are specific to the enterprise zone.
State law puts the burden of proof on the property owner to show that the assessment is incorrect.
State law redistributes some funds to establish more equitable spending across districts.
State law regulates crab collection.
State law regulates property managers much as it does real estate agents.
State law regulates the abatement process.
State law requires a city to present a service plan for each area proposed for annexation.
State law requires a district be established after a shellfish bed is closed by pollution.
State law requires a dog to be registered in the town clerk's office of the town where it is kept.
State law requires a flat rate within a municipality.
State law requires a machine recount whenever the margin is less than half a percent.
State law requires a mayor to reside within the City.
State law requires a minimum of five individuals, officers or directors.
State law requires a parking permit to park on campus.
State law requires a photocopying charge for material provided to individuals or private agencies.
State law requires a reassessment, or revaluation, of real property at least once every eight years.
State law requires a recount when the final vote margin is less than one-half of one percent.
State law requires a simulated plane crash every three years.
State law requires a two-thirds vote to raise the necessary taxes to implement the district.
State law requires a water right document for all other uses of surface water in Texas.
State law requires all addresses be listed in order to properly track who was paid.
State law requires all bicycle riders to wear a helmet.
State law requires all boards of education across Georgia to establish school councils.
State law requires all boat passengers to have a life preserver.
State law requires all children to be in school each day.
State law requires all cities to conduct periodic reassessments of real estate.
State law requires all contributions be documented with name and address of contributor .
State law requires all dogs and cats four months and older to have current rabies vaccinations.
State law requires all dogs and cats three months of age or older to be vaccinated against rabies.
State law requires all dogs and cats to be vaccinated against rabies.
State law requires all dogs over the age of four months to be vaccinated against rabies.
State law requires all employers in California to have workers' compensation insurance.
State law requires all employers in Colorado to obtain workers' compensation insurance.
State law requires all governments to be audited annually.
State law requires all graduates to pass a test on the Illinois and United States constitutions.
State law requires all hospitals to have advance directive information and forms available.
State law requires all law enforcement officers to complete basic training.
State law requires all local government officers to file annual financial disclosure statements.
State law requires all major shopping centers to allocate handicapped parking spaces.
State law requires all materials banned from landfills to be recycled.
State law requires all occupants to evacuate the building during a fire alarm.
State law requires all of the state's electoral votes to go to the winner of the most votes.
State law requires all parents to support their children.
State law requires all passengers to wear seat belts.
State law requires all student to have some drug prevention program.
State law requires all such underground lines be located and marked before excavation can begin.
State law requires all trucks to stop at weigh stations while open.
State law requires all vehicles maintain auto liability insurance.
State law requires an accurate accounting of campaign funds.
State law requires an annual inspection of multiple-unit residential buildings and of schools.
State law requires annual financial audits of every state agency.
State law requires annual inspections and compliance with industry wide standards.
State law requires annual training for police officers, jailors, dispatchers, and record clerks.
State law requires approval of the agreement prior to finalization.
State law requires approved eye protection during certain laboratory experiments.
State law requires at least one adult for every twelve preschool-age children or every four infants.
State law requires automatic expulsion for any student who brings a weapon to school.
State law requires bicycle riders to obey all traffic control devices, stop signs, etc.
State law requires bids be awarded to the lowest and best bid which meets all specifications.
State law requires board membership to be based on population within the transit district.
State law requires both major parties be represented on the board.
State law requires both the ointment and the vitamin be given to newborns.
State law requires businesses to list all hazardous substances on chemical inventories.
State law requires census numbers be used to reapportion regional school districts.
State law requires certain disciplinary actions for certain offenses.
State law requires children riding bicycles in public to wear helmets for protection.
State law requires communication between people who dig and underground utility companies.
State law requires condoms to be worn in all sexual activities in legal brothels.
State law requires contracts of political subdivisions be in writing.
State law requires counties to address job creation as part of their CalWORKs plan.
State law requires counties to distribute flags for the graves of veterans each year.
State law requires counties to have Noxious Weed Control Boards.
State law requires counties to review the surcharge rate each year.
State law requires credit enhancement on bond financed projects.
State law requires dealers to be licensed in Ohio and provide proof of financial responsibility.
State law requires disclosure of the finalists for a department head's position.
State law requires districts to set a standard.
State law requires districts with teacher shortages to fill vacancies in the lower grades first.
State law requires dogs be vaccinated against rabies.
State law requires each county to sell dog licenses and to have a dog warden and animal shelter.
State law requires each person in a boat to have a life preserver.
State law requires each precinct board to have at least three members and three judges.
State law requires each RTPO to develop a regional TIP, similar to the process for MPOs.
State law requires each vehicle to be insured.
State law requires either a teacher or a principal to administer corporal punishment.
State law requires elected boards, commissions or councils to reorganize after each election.
State law requires employees to be fingerprinted.
State law requires employers to allow all workers a lunch break after five continuous hours of work.
State law requires every citizen to control the spread of noxious weeds on their land.
State law requires every citizen to control the spread of noxious weeds on their lands.
State law requires every dog or cat be vaccinated at four months of age and annually thereafter.
State law requires every dog or cat to be vaccinated at four months of age and annually thereafter.
State law requires every foster child's case to be reviewed periodically in court.
State law requires every lawyer to have malpractice insurance.
State law requires every professional solicitor soliciting in Ohio to be registered with our office.
State law requires evidence of test, please bring report.
State law requires fire drills.
State law requires Florida school districts to offer parents some sort of school choice program.
State law requires fluoridation of public water supplies.
State law requires frequent revaluations to ensure assessments keep pace with changes in the market.
State law requires governors to disclose their stock holdings only when shares are bought or sold.
State law requires groups to submit an audit signed by a certified public accountant.
State law requires hospital insurance for all students.
State law requires immediate income withholding in most cases.
State law requires immunization for all students enrolled in Texas schools.
State law requires immunization for all students entering district schools.
State law requires immunization for diphtheria, tetanus, whooping cough, polio, measles and rubella.
State law requires immunization records, social security numbers, and birth certificates.
State law requires immunizations to be up to date according to state minimal requirements.
State law requires impact fee ordinances to be written with a specific use in mind.
State law requires institutions of higher education to collect and report the information.
State law requires irradiated food to be identified.
State law requires it and good business practice dictates it.
State law requires it.
State law requires judges to first consider probation as punishment instead of prison.
State law requires lobbyists to report where they get their money.
State law requires local governments to adopt a local law to take part in the program each year.
State law requires many applications and forms.
State law requires Massachusetts employers to have a policy against sexual harassment.
State law requires merchants to stock enough of an advertised product to meet customer demand.
State law requires minors to obtain a work permit or certificate before working.
State law requires most health facilities to be licensed annually.
State law requires motorists to stop when encountering a school bus loading or unloading passengers.
State law requires motorists to stop when encountering a school bus loading or unloading students.
State law requires motorists to turn on headlights when windshield wipers are in use.
State law requires municipalities to provide for all land uses.
State law requires New York businesses to collect sales tax on orders shipped to New York addresses.
State law requires newly incorporated cities to reimburse the county for lost future revenue.
State law requires no outside investigation.
State law requires no swimming without lifeguard present.
State law requires notification by registered letter.
State law requires occupants to evacuate a building when the fire alarm sounds.
State law requires only that a life jacket be carried for each person in a boat.
State law requires only that donors be listed by name and address.
State law requires only that emergency vehicles have a red light on at the front of their vehicle.
State law requires only that the caskets be leak proof during interment.
State law requires overvotes and undervotes to be left out of the count.
State law requires parents to send their children to school unless otherwise provided by law.
State law requires payment for services before the search results can be provided.
State law requires people in the front seat of a car or truck to wear their seat belts.
State law requires persons assisting others in hunting or fishing to be licensed .
State law requires pets adopted from shelters be spayed or neutered.
State law requires pets to be vaccinated against rabies.
State law requires physicians to report any suspected pesticide illness.
State law requires proof of automobile liability insurance.
State law requires proof of immunizations.
State law requires property taxes be based on the fair market value of real estate.
State law requires registration when four or more children are cared for from different families.
State law requires school boards to conduct annual reviews of their superintendents.
State law requires school districts to adopt policies regarding sending material home with students.
State law requires school districts to offer open enrollment to all students.
State law requires schools to be in Milwaukee to get into the program.
State law requires schools to have nine fire drills per school year.
State law requires screens in endangered species habitats for salmon ind steelhead.
State law requires shorter time periods.
State law requires showering before entering and after using the pools, whirlpools or sauna.
State law requires soil testing and inspection whenever such tanks are removed.
State law requires some schools to offer breakfast.
State law requires specific language in order for the power of attorney to be legally effective.
State law requires stores that use plastic bags to also offer paper bags to customers.
State law requires stores to label prices on all items with few exceptions, such as fresh produce.
State law requires students to complete three different levels of field based experience.
State law requires students to wear a helmet when riding a bicycle.
State law requires such instances or suspected instances to be reported.
State law requires such payments, so the referendum is strictly advisory.
State law requires tax appraisals to be equal, uniform and at market value.
State law requires tax appraisals to be equal, uniform, and at market value.
State law requires teacher fluency.
State law requires teacher preparation programs to include technology to be approved.
State law requires testing every other year.
State law requires that a defendant be tried within a year of being arrested.
State law requires that a general plan contain certain elements.
State law requires that a helmet be worn when riding a moped or motorcycle.
State law requires that a licensed person transport and install mobile homes.
State law requires that a public hearing be held before the governor signs a new compact.
State law requires that a registered civil engineer or licensed land surveyor draw the plat.
State law requires that all cats be vaccinated against rabies.
State law requires that all clams dug be kept regardless of size and condition.
State law requires that all clams dug be kept regardless of size or condition.
State law requires that all Class A weeds be eradicated.
State law requires that all dogs and cats over four months of age receive rabies shots.
State law requires that all dogs be inoculated against rabies.
State law requires that all dogs over four months of age be licensed and vaccinated against rabies.
State law requires that all freshmen take an additional math, science and computer course.
State law requires that all passengers use seat belts.
State law requires that all real property be assessed every two years in odd-numbered years.
State law requires that all school districts come up with an Internet use plan within a year.
State law requires that all students demonstrate protection against measles, mumps and rubella.
State law requires that all visitors sign in and obtain a visitor's badge from the office.
State law requires that all wells meet certain minimum standards for construction.
State law requires that animals be spayed or neutered before they re adopted.
State law requires that annexation be initiated by the land owners.
State law requires that any student living beyond two miles be provided transportation to school.
State law requires that assessments be based on the fair market value of the property.
State law requires that assessments be made at a uniform percentage of value.
State law requires that assessors value all real estate and personal property subject to taxation.
State law requires that at least two-thirds of the governing body be local elected officials.
State law requires that bicyclists travel in the same direction as all other traffic for the lane.
State law requires that bodies be positively identified through a scientific process.
State law requires that Bookstore profits be used only for student financial aid.
State law requires that campaign materials disclose who is funding the message.
State law requires that children have proof of certain immunizations at certain ages.
State law requires that city and county ordinances be deposited with their local county law library.
State law requires that competing bids be entertained before such a swap can be consummated.
State law requires that complaints against peace officers be submitted on the designated form.
State law requires that complaints involving police officers be sworn under oath and notarized.
State law requires that confidentiality be set aside in limited circumstances to ensure safety.
State law requires that convicted johns have their licenses revoked for a year.
State law requires that debt service taxes to repay general obligation bonds be irrepealable.
State law requires that each person hook their own two fish.
State law requires that each petition sheet be self-contained.
State law requires that each school semester contain the same approximate number of days.
State law requires that each student be properly immunized before attending school.
State law requires that each subscription be renewed annually.
State law requires that elected officials be bonded each time they are elected.
State law requires that employee input be considered before adopting policy changes.
State law requires that every county have a local law and justice council.
State law requires that every newborn baby be tested.
State law requires that every urban area in Oregon have an urban growth boundary.
State law requires that fish passage be provided at dams and other river barriers.
State law requires that hospitals keep pathology samples.
State law requires that Indiana's nonpublic schools give total student enrollment figure.
State law requires that infants be placed in a car seat for transport.
State law requires that insurers show financial stability.
State law requires that it be kept in a separate fund and used for inmate welfare .
State law requires that job seekers demonstrate their right to work before receiving job services.
State law requires that landowners control noxious weeds on their property.
State law requires that lawsuits challenging nominating signatures identify specific objections.
State law requires that meters be installed as a condition of development.
State law requires that motorized vehicles and operators using public highways be licensed.
State law requires that new employees submit to criminal and child abuse background checks.
State law requires that newborns in Illinois are screened for A. hemoglobinopathies.
State law requires that officers arrest a suspect who has committed domestic violence.
State law requires that only certified individuals can legally pull a tank.
State law requires that only certified installers can legally pull a tank.
State law requires that only elections officials handle the ballots.
State law requires that original correspondence be retained for a minimum of six years.
State law requires that outdoor fires be attended at all times.
State law requires that overtime be paid at time and a half or double time.
State law requires that persons in the mandatory evacuation area comply with the notice once given.
State law requires that populations within council wards be made as nearly equal as possible.
State law requires that property be valued from actual view, or the best information available.
State law requires that refrigerator doors to be removed before disposal.
State law requires that sample ballots be the same as the official ballot.
State law requires that school districts maintain the confidentiality of all pupil records.
State law requires that services and programs be designed to maximize the child's potential.
State law requires that similar properties have similar values.
State law requires that SLED assist with any fire investigation involving state property.
State law requires that SLED assist with with any fire investigation involving state property.
State law requires that state and local agencies provide bilingual services.
State law requires that state owned information resources be used only for official state purposes.
State law requires that state-owned information resources be used only for official state purposes.
State law requires that students attending the college pay an enrollment fee.
State law requires that students be given three chances to pass the tests.
State law requires that students have proof of immunizations before being admitted for classes.
State law requires that such ads include the name and address of the writer.
State law requires that such material be stored in sealed containers or properly disposed.
State law requires that the area where alcohol is served be confined.
State law requires that the controls be in place within seven days.
State law requires that the defendant answer the suit.
State law requires that the documents be filed with the city clerk.
State law requires that the eligible project be completed before an exemption is granted.
State law requires that the fund be self-supporting.
State law requires that the improvement and grading plans be prepared by a licensed civil engineer.
State law requires that the lunch be refrigerated.
State law requires that the math section of the exam cover algebra and geometry.
State law requires that the meat produced by culling be used beneficially.
State law requires that the plan be cost neutral.
State law requires that the request be in writing.
State law requires that the statement be sent to all potentially affected property owners.
State law requires that there is a limit on the percentage of funds in various markets.
State law requires that they be disposed of in a confined area.
State law requires that they use seat belts.
State law requires that two public hearings be held to discuss the budget.
State law requires the adoption of rules concerning faculty academic workloads.
State law requires the appointment of two attorneys in state post-conviction proceedings.
State law requires the board to name a replacement within a specified time.
State law requires the chief judge in each judicial circuit to set the rates.
State law requires the county to hold a public hearing in order to vacate a road.
State law requires the district attorney to play a procedural role in such cases.
State law requires the District to be under contract for nursing services.
State law requires the district to prepare improvement plans for the district and for each campus.
State law requires the minority party be represented on the commission.
State law requires the outfitter to be present when the hunt is booked and guided.
State law requires the parties to hold organizational meetings at the same place people vote.
State law requires the payment of court costs.
State law requires the plant be operated by a state-certified technician.
State law requires the presence of six civilian witnesses at executions.
State law requires the provision of expert witnesses and investigator funds.
State law requires the public to have access to facilities where absentee ballots are tallied.
State law requires the rate to be set after the board adopts the district budget.
State law requires the recount of ballots in close contests.
State law requires the requester to submit copy fees in advance.
State law requires the return of unanticipated revenues to taxpayers.
State law requires the secretary of state to count the popular vote for the presidential candidates.
State law requires the seller to complete a real estate transfer disclosure statement.
State law requires the sheriff's office to do annual checks on sex offenders.
State law requires the use of bicycle helmets.
State law requires the use of the one-call system to field mark actual locations.
State law requires the vaccine be administered annually.
State law requires the verification of certain education and professional credentials.
State law requires the written and notarized consent of all property owners abutting the request.
State law requires three bids be submitted.
State law requires timely processing of applications.
State law requires towing companies to clean up automobile accident scenes.
State law requires utility easements be a part of the development of neighborhoods.
State law requires vaccinations of dogs and cats for rabies.
State law requires voter registration forms to contain the signature of the registrant.
State law requires voters in a primary election to choose only one party's candidates.
State law requires year-long suspensions for students caught taking weapons to school.
State law restricts smoking in restaurants but exempts areas serving alcohol.
State law restricts state vehicles from being parked overnight at a private residence.
State law restricts the use of personally identifiable information for commercial purposes.
State law restricts what lobbyists can and can t do for legislators or state agencies.
State law runs concurrent with federal law in cases where both laws apply.
State law says abuse is hurting or harming a person who is receiving services.
State law says bicyclists are legitimate on all roads.
State law says that an exchange of goods, services, or money for cannabis is considered sales.
State law says that any change in a zoning ordinance requires public hearings and council approval.
State law says that no hospital can turn away emergency patients.
State law says that only municipalities can make a direct discharge into a watercourse.
State law says voters have to approve any debt-term over five years.
State law serves only as a foundation.
State law sets forth specific laws governing the return of security deposits.
State law sets forth the form of the oath of office for most public officials.
State law sets limits on total amounts which can be charged for various types of assigned cases.
State law sets out two methods to incorporate, both by petition.
State law sets the benefit levels.
State law sets the criteria for granting refunds.
State law sets the penalty.
State law sets the plan benefits available.
State law sets three standards for granting a zoning variance.
State law sets time limits for challenging judicial candidates.
State law shields average residential customers from severe rate hikes on much of their power use.
State law shields reporters from revealing news sources.
State law specifies the number of dollars one can put into business.
State law spells it out clearly.
State law spells out procedures on amendments in some detail.
State law stipulates that municipal elections are held during odd-numbered years.
State law supercedes the County's policies.
State law supersedes municipal or county regulation of handguns, transfers, possession, or carrying.
State law takes precedence over local ordinances.
State law varies on the application and enforcement of such restrictions.
State law varies on the rights and obligations of bounty hunters in tracking an accused person.
State law varies widely, both as to the amount available and as to the procedure.
State laws add other categories.
State laws affect wills, trusts and charitable gifts made in contractual agreement.
State laws allow a debtor to keep some items called exempt property.
State laws allow the defendant to waive the right to a jury trial.
State laws apply to all stands.
State laws apply to health plans.
State laws apply.
State laws are a crazy quilt, with each state offering employees specific sets of protections.
State laws are a different matter.
State laws are effective in providing barriers against deceptive and fraudulent advertising.
State laws are generally available in larger public and academic libraries.
State laws are in a constant state of flux.
State laws are inconsistent regarding the use of medical information.
State laws are of two types.
State laws are often stricter than regulations from the federal government.
State laws are only part of the answer.
State laws are pretty strict.
State laws are specific.
State laws are supportive of eviction rights by the owner.
State laws are usually quite open to wallaby ownership.
State laws are, however, subject to change.
State laws authorize townships to perform a wide variety of functions in two important categories.
State laws ban cockfighting in every state except Louisiana, Oklahoma and New Mexico.
State laws can be more restrictive.
State laws can set their own cleanup criteria and policies.
State laws change, sometimes for the better, sometimes for the worse.
State laws concerning the enforceability of such agreements vary.
State laws concerning the sale of puppies vary.
State laws control whether electors are bound.
State laws covering fireworks vary greatly.
State laws dealing with domestic relations vary widely and change frequently.
State laws define a wide variety of items as litter.
State laws designed to limit or preclude subrogation and reimbursement are relatively common.
State laws determine limited liability status for an entity.
State laws determine the maximum amount an owner can charge for a security deposit.
State laws determine when in an individual's life compulsory schooling begins and ends, for example.
State laws determine whether the court officers are referred to as judges or justices.
State laws differ and change.
State laws differ and, in some cases, are more stringent.
State laws differ concerning the types of medical interventions that can be refused.
State laws differ in how they handle access to information in sealed adoption records.
State laws differ in many other ways, too.
State laws differ with respect to the legal aspects of surrogacy.
State laws do affect records management.
State laws exist which regulate subdivision and land use.
State laws fix the ages at which young people are considered minors.
State laws govern hunting.
State laws govern many of the principles mentioned here.
State laws govern marriage.
State laws govern the election of municipal officers at general state elections.
State laws govern the fiscal and management relationship between the agency and the foundation.
State laws govern the sections of trail along paved roads.
State laws govern the transaction.
State laws govern what rights a landowner has regarding archeological remains on private property.
State laws govern wills, trusts and charitable gifts made in a contractual agreement.
State laws govern wills, trusts, and charitable gifts made in a contractual agreement.
State laws governing adoptions vary widely.
State laws governing corporations vary from state to state.
State laws governing interstate shipment of wine vary greatly.
State laws governing LLCs vary from state to state.
State laws governing telemedicine are still in the formative stages.
State laws guarantee investors the right to inspect and copy corporate records.
State laws help protect shareholders and creditors of dissolving companies.
State laws hold dealers responsible if cars they sell don t meet reasonable quality standards.
State laws make carrying guns around a school illegal and punishable.
State laws offer broader protections.
State laws permit insurers to include policy restrictions for suicide, aviation and war.
State laws permit support payments to be withheld from a parent's paycheck.
State laws prevent wholesalers from selling to the public.
State laws prohibit fishing in the creek.
State laws prohibit harassing wildlife.
State laws prohibit insurance companies from guaranteeing future dividends.
State laws prohibit people from owning wild animals such as raccoons.
State laws prohibit skill or problem solving from entering into the equation.
State laws prohibit the practice of telemedicine with licensure in each state.
State laws prohibit the practice of telemedicine without licensure in each state.
State laws prohibit the use of live lures.
State laws prohibit yard waste from being mixed with regular household waste.
State laws protect bobcats in many areas.
State laws provide different rights and benefits under workers' compensation and regular laws.
State laws provide taxing bodies limited rights to tax for specific puposes.
State laws regarding advance directives vary.
State laws regarding carrying concealed firearms vary widely.
State laws regarding consumer protection vary from state to state.
State laws regarding machinery lighting and marking are relatively complicated.
State laws regarding private pay phones vary.
State laws regarding revocations vary.
State laws regarding the age of servers and consumers apply.
State laws regulate gravel mining on floodplains.
State laws regulate mortgage brokers.
State laws regulate what kinds of work youth can do and the hours they can work.
State laws regulating charter schools vary widely.
State laws regulating managed care companies and insurance apply.
State laws require agencies.
State laws require an unmarried mother to sign a document declaring the paternity of the child.
State laws require an urban growth boundary.
State laws require certain kinds of documents to be given or kept in writing.
State laws require licensure for the duration of the training program.
State laws require motorists to drive with dimmed headlights when the windshield wipers are in use.
State laws require rabies vaccinations for all dogs.
State laws require that individual consumers report their purchases and pay the state directly.
State laws require that vehicle owners have automobile insurance.
State laws require the retailer to charge sales tax to the purchaser at the time of sale.
State laws require traceability of measurements used in commerce.
State laws require urban water agencies.
State laws restricting the votes are probably unconstitutional, constitutional scholars say.
State laws say that every county has the right to tally votes the way it sees fit.
State laws vary about grandparents' custody and visitation rights.
State laws vary also in regard to blame for an accident.
State laws vary and are constantly changing.
State laws vary and no attempt is made to discuss laws of states other than Oklahoma.
State laws vary as to how and when property is assessed and appeal procedures.
State laws vary as to payment of accrued vacation and sick leave upon termination.
State laws vary as to the authorization required for reimbursement of medical expenses.
State laws vary as to what can be recovered in a wrongful death case and as to who can recover.
State laws vary concerning the length of time benefits are paid and their amount.
State laws vary considerably in how they set prices, which trade practices they regulate, and so on.
State laws vary dramatically and each individual's situation is unique.
State laws vary from state to state.
State laws vary greatly in the scope and extent of protection for volunteers from civil liability.
State laws vary greatly regarding living wills.
State laws vary greatly.
State laws vary in how they describe supervision and what they require.
State laws vary on shipping black powder reproductions.
State laws vary on the appointment of electors.
State laws vary on the level of eye protection required in the chemistry laboratory.
State laws vary on the steps required for nonprofit dissolution.
State laws vary on the subject of sperm donors' rights and responsibilities.
State laws vary regarding accessibility.
State laws vary regarding the extent of corporation information available to the public.
State laws vary regarding the use and acceptance of a power of attorney.
State laws vary regarding which immunizations are needed.
State laws vary significantly for independent adoptions.
State laws vary significantly regarding the employment of midwives.
State laws vary widely with respect to interstate shipment of alcohol beverages.
State laws vary widely, and few federal statutes address workplace privacy.
State laws vary wildly when it comes to cougars.
State laws vary with recognition of acupuncturists.
State laws vary, as do hospital policies.
State laws vary, however, concerning the age of the child subject to the child restraint law.
State laws vary, however, on how such wills can be enforced and impose certain limitations.
State laws vary, too.
State laws vary.
All State laws apply.
All state laws governing health plan operations remain intact.
All state laws pertaining to operation of a vehicle on public roads are to be obeyed.
All state laws require investigation of cases of sudden infant death.
All state laws require PAs to have a supervising physician.
Any state laws are likely to be held unconstitutional due to the interstate nature of the Internet.
Every state law is organized under a specific title.
Every state law prohibits any entity except a licensed professional from practicing medicine.
Many state laws are now even stricter than federal laws.
Many state laws concentrate on second and third trimester abortions.
Many state laws do provide reasonable visitation rights for both maternal and paternal grandparents.
Many state laws exempt sellers with a net worth above a specific threshold.
Many state laws exist in many states that continue to allow for suits against state employers.
Many state laws permit certain support professionals to operate far more independently.
Many state laws prohibit employment discrimination.
Many state laws provide for financial assistance to farmers.
Many state laws recognize that when someone is drunk, they are unable to give consent.
Many state laws require the victim to sign a permission form before an X-ray or photograph is taken.
Most state laws are similar.
Most state laws ban the disclosure of mental patients' records in order to protect their privacy.
Most state laws ban the disclosure of mental patients' records to protect their privacy.
Most state laws carry strong protections for citizens' property.
Most state laws concerning a donor's legal status are valid only if a doctor was involved.
Most State laws distinguish between sexual abuse and sexual assault.
Most state laws echo federal laws.
Most state laws echo the federal laws.
Most state laws leave capitol punishment to the discretion of the prosecutor.
Most state laws let a capable principal substitute agents or revoke poa .
Most state laws prohibit the exchange of votes for something of value.
Most state laws protect the confidentiality of communication between patients and physicians.
Most state laws protect workers on the same grounds as federal law.
Most state laws provide for capital punishment, usually by hanging.
Most state laws require a grace period in life insurance policies.
Most state laws require agencies.
Most state laws require all passengers to wear seatbelts.
Most state laws require children to be immunized against certain diseases.
Most State laws require conspicuous and substantial monuments for all types of claims and sites.
Most state laws require notification.
Most state laws require proof of proper immunizations for school and daycare attendance.
Most state laws require that both birth parents give consent before their child can be adopted.
Most State laws require the annual filing of an affidavit of assessment work with the proper county.
Most state laws require urban water agencies.
Most state laws specify the types of supplementary treatment permitted in chiropractic.
Most State laws specify the types of supplementary treatment permitted in chiropractic.
Most state laws state that all records are open and then delineate exemptions.
Some state law gives rights to enforce nonqualified benefits.
Some state laws allow employers to consider only convictions.
Some state laws allow profits allocated to all patrons to be tax-exempt for the cooperative.
Some state laws are even more flexible.
Some state laws are even more restrictive, which complicates the matter more.
Some state laws authorize treble damages.
Some state laws control how parties run, but most rules are made by the party itself.
Some state laws do a good job of protecting consumers money.
Some state laws exclude psychiatric records.
Some state laws exempt a sale to an investor with a substantial net worth.
Some state laws exempt small businesses, for instance.
Some state laws give judges the authority to order marriage counseling.
Some state laws guarantee the right of all workers to see their work records.
Some state laws have additional twists.
Some state laws leave curriculum decisions to individual school districts.
Some state laws limit the amount of money a contractor can request as a down payment.
Some state laws limit the maximum liquidated damages.
Some state laws make even a president's private correspondence public.
Some state laws permit adoption facilitators but forbid their taking money for services provided.
Some state laws permit the release of information to anyone designated by the patient.
Some state laws prohibit the moving of house plants.
Some state laws provide an additional level of protection.
Some state laws provide answers.
Some state laws provide even greater fines.
Some state laws provide guidelines as well.
Some state laws require a hearing or some minimal due process procedure before revoking a charter.
Some state laws require factors.
Some state laws require participation.
Some state laws require that a written prescription be presented.
State legislators agree that state education standards are lamentable.
State legislators are more satisfied with the status quo than voters and business leaders are.
State legislators are subject to a general prohibition on the acceptance of benefits.
State legislators are the next most mentioned decision makers.
State legislators are, too.
State legislators can also set up individual appointments with the speakers.
State legislators care about the interests of consumers.
State legislators come from all walks of economic life and occupational background.
State legislators do all the line-drawing unless a deadlock forces the courts to take over.
State legislators have a duty to represent the voters.
State legislators know that.
State legislators know where to place the blame.
State legislators like to claim official symbols for nearly everything.
State legislators play an important role in influencing local, state, and even federal policy.
State legislators rely heavily on national legislators' groups and each other for guidance.
State legislators say they expect public pressure for action on the issue.
State legislators see the ships as a possible source of tax revenue.
State legislators vote on hundreds of bills every year.
All state legislators serve two year terms.
Many state legislators agree.
Many state legislators face a similar problem.
Most state legislators are in their home offices on Fridays.
Most state legislators have two offices as well.
Most state legislators read their own mail.
Some state legislators are also optimistic about the future of ethanol in Kansas.
Some state legislators receive daily expense allowances while the legislature is in session.
State legislature can enact the broader disregard.
State legislature enacts fishery moratorium.
State legislature looks to divide up money .
State legislatures are again on the march with anti-abortion legislation.
State legislatures are both complex and subtle.
State legislatures are finally attuned to the election process.
State legislatures are more important than they used to be.
State legislatures are often out of session when major federal legislation is enacted.
State legislatures are where malpractice tort reform is accomplished.
State legislatures can convene and go about the business of the states.
State legislatures determine the tax rate and the taxable wage base.
State legislatures enact numerous statutes to protect people against members of their own family.
State legislatures have the most direct control over LCVs.
State legislatures have to use the same dynamics to increase spending as the federal government.
State legislatures review how state agencies carry out air pollution control laws.
State legislatures wield significant power by passing laws that affect our lives at every level.
State legislatures wrestle with character education mandates.
Many state legislatures agree.
Many state legislatures publish low-cost booklets giving short biographies of the members.
Many state legislatures vote electronically.
Most state legislatures are empowered by similar language from their state constitution.
Most state legislatures are only in session part of the year.
Most state legislatures maintain minimal penalties for violations of ethics laws.
Most State legislatures meet for only a portion of a year and six meet on a biennial schedule.
Most state legislatures offer online legislative information and bill tracking.
Some state legislatures are part time, and they usually meet in the first half of the year.
Some state legislatures have newsletters or web sites.
State libraries are great sources for local and regional information.
State libraries are the most likely to hold copies.
State libraries can also assist in identification of potential recipients.
State Libraries Find a state library on our U.S. States research links page.
State libraries list.
Most State libraries operate active preservation microfilming programs.
Most State licenses permit dentists to engage in both general and specialized practice.
A state line is a border
State lines are boundary lines.
State lines are largely irrelevant in determining a check-processing region.
State lines can be a reference.
All state lines shown are modern.
State lists are to come.
State lotteries are big business.
State lotteries are lotteries.
State lotteries are one of the issues covered here.
State lotteries are the games most closely associated with habitual gambling.
State lotteries make more business for bookmakers.
State lotteries provide politicians with an easy answer to tough political questions.
State lotteries stretch across the nation from coast to coast.
Most state lotteries use computer-generated numbers, and some algorithms are better than others.
State machines are predictable, fast and allows the maximum delay to be calculated.
State machines are significantly easier to debug.
State machines are simple to implement, too.
State machines are usually more complex to design than a process.
State machines operates without a RTOS kernel and without the interrupt mechanism.
State machines requires that the task is split into states.
State machines scores highest on the reliability issues also.
