Students are smart.
Students are smarter than that.
Students are so apart from each other.
Students are so concerned with peers that school and families take a back seat.
Students are so diverse, and they are all in different learning modes.
Students are so excited about learning that they are coming in before and after school and at lunch.
Students are so excited and appreciative of help they receive.
Students are so near the court that their knees almost poke backs of reporters.
Students are so trusting, and too many professors are way out of line.
Students are solely responsible for all material presented in class.
Students are solely responsible for checking on mail deliveries.
Students are solely responsible for completing their cultural events requirements.
Students are solely responsible for information or class format changes made during their absence.
Students are solely responsible for initiating procedures to drop the class.
Students are solely responsible for knowing about any announcements made during the lecture period.
Students are solely responsible for the content of personal home pages.
Students are solely responsible for the lease.
Students are solely responsible for the news and advertising content of the publication.
Students are solely responsible for their attendance record.
Students are solely responsible for withdrawing from the course by the posted drop date.
Students are some of the greatest resources for learning on campus.
Students are some of the harshest critics.
Students are sometimes able to make it through high school without studying much at all.
Students are sometimes able to relate recent Cold War stories to topics covered in class.
Students are sometimes able to secure a job related to their particular program of study.
Students are sometimes hard to read.
Students are sometimes impatient with the case system of teaching.
Students are sometimes late to class because their locker is far away from their classes.
Students are sometimes overly concerned about their talent level.
Students are sometimes reluctant to approach a teacher because they are shy or unsure of protocol.
Students are sometimes surprised at the friendliness of their Texas professors and classmates.
Students are sometimes surprised that writing skills are so important.
Students are sometimes surprised to find out what art is about and what abilities they possess.
Students are sometimes uncomfortable approaching other students about a study group.
Students are specially welcome.
Students are specialty, and our goal is to promote healthy lifestyles.
Students are sponges.
Students are stakeholders as regards learning outcomes.
Students are stakeholders regarding learning outcomes.
Students are still eligible for individual honors.
Students are still eligible to apply for other grants and loans.
Students are still extremely interested in learning about Vietnam.
Students are still in the process of learning the theorem.
Students are still in the streets, they are just in cars now.
Students are still liable for all charges they incur.
Students are still merely beginners in comparison to the higher degrees.
Students are still powerful.
Students are still responsible for activity, athletic, health fees, etc.
Students are still responsible for attending any classes held that day.
Students are still responsible for class assignments during prearranged absences.
Students are still responsible for the content of the courses.
Students are still responsible for the material and assignments on the assigned date.
Students are still responsible for the material covered in class.
Students are still responsible for the payment of tuition by the appropriate due date.
Students are still responsible knowing how to solve all problems listed.
Students are still safest in school.
Students are still subject to tuition expenses when registering for no credit.
Students are still undecided about the new stores in town.
Students are strong centers of influence with their peers and family.
Students are strongly dis couraged to miss class or exams.
Students are Strongly Encouraged to Attend.
Students are strongly encouraged to seek assistance as soon as they recognize there is a problem.
Students are strongly encourages to ask questions and to share their own views.
Students are stronlgy advised to attend all classes and do the assigned reading ahead of time.
Students are students cause they want to be.
Students are students, who want to learn more with doing less.
Students are students.
Students are studies held, and to share their experience with other members of the group.
Students are stunned.
Students are subject to academic load limits described below.
Students are subject to additional requirements of the department for continuing in the program.
Students are subject to all local laws while in Europe.
Students are subject to all the rules, regulations and deadlines of the host institution .
Students are subject to an academic warning from the end of the first semester of enrollment.
Students are subject to an extensive background and driving record check.
Students are subject to appropriate sanctions and university rules.
Students are subject to attendance regulations as determined by the instructor of each course.
Students are subject to being tested through unannounced quizzes over course work.
Students are subject to both the rules of the bus and the rules of the school which they attend.
Students are subject to brief, periodic quizzes.
Students are subject to current prices.
Students are subject to disciplinary action for academic misconduct, which is defined in s.
Students are subject to disciplinary action for the inappropriate behavior of their guests.
Students are subject to dismissal if any part of the application has been falsified.
Students are subject to disqualification after two consecutive quarters of academic probation.
Students are subject to electrical and radiant energy.
Students are subject to existing regulations regarding removal of probationary status.
Students are subject to federal and tribal laws as well as institutional rules and regulations.
Students are subject to having their wages garnished and their tax refunds withheld.
Students are subject to probation from the end of the first semester of enrollment.
Students are subject to proficiency exams in performance areas.
Students are subject to the academic requirements of their particular course of study.
Students are subject to the academic rules of their host institution while abroad.
Students are subject to the admissions requirements of the college.
Students are subject to the consequences of misconduct.
Students are subject to the entrance requirements of the particular program to which they apply.
Students are subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act.
Students are subject to the guidelines of behavior set up by the school.
Students are subject to the laws of the land.
Students are subject to the major requirements in force when they declare the major.
Students are subject to the normal admission policies of the respective graduate school.
Students are subject to the rules and regulations of the host campus while on exchange.
Students are subject to the same academic requirements demanded of all regular students.
Students are subject to the same reservation logistics as faculty.
Students are subject to withdrawal for excessive absences.
Students are successful in learning.
Students are successful in location the correct web site.
Students are successful learners.
Students are successful with ever more challenging instructional materials and programs.
Students are successful with ever-more challenging instructional materials and programs.
Students are supervised and are additional to qualified staff.
Students are supportive of the political rights of women and of immigrants.
Students are supreme in the schools.
Students are sure to enjoy the bright vivid colors.
Students are sure to enjoy their trips.
Students are sure to find our program inviting, challenging, and rewarding.
Students are surely intelligent enough to realise wife beating and homophobia are wrong.
Students are surprised at the district' s uncharacteristic reaction.
Students are surprised at the district's uncharacteristic reaction.
Students are surprised to learn that all of the different shapes have the same area.
Students are surprised to see that the messages sent by many Internet applications are so simple.
Students are surprising.
Students are susceptible to debilitating computer-related injuries.
Students are take place.
Students are tardy if sent from classes for permits.
Students are taught how to distinguish between suppression, an aggravation and a positive response.
Students are taught the concept of conservation of resources.
Students are teachers .
Students are teams of scientists and sent on a mission to find habitats for seven animals.
Students are teen mothers on welfare, long-term dropouts, homeless youth, and others.
Students are teenagers, thus full activity programme also in place in colleges.
Students are tenth graders who are reading A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens.
Students are than promoted to a smaller number of middle schools and, usually, a single high school.
Students are thankful for the resources now available.
Students are the active users of the technology.
Students are the anchors, camera workers, and weather reporters.
Students are the beneficiaries of the feedback process.
Students are the beneficiaries of their financial aid and their education.
Students are the best arbiters of what they wish to learn.
Students are the best judges as to when to join a Greek group.
Students are the biggest winners.
Students are the center of attention here, while teachers motivate and facilitate learning .
Students are the center of instructional planning.
Students are the center of our thoughts and the focus of our dreams.
Students are the center of the educational process.
Students are the central focus of all our endeavours.
Students are the centre of the learning process and teachers act as leaders.
Students are the change-agents of society.
Students are the clear winners.
Students are the consumers of content in schools.
Students are the consumers of the university.
Students are the consumers.
Students are the customers in our respectful business.
Students are the driving force behind our many clubs and volunteer organizations.
Students are the driving force behind our student clubs and organizations.
Students are the face of the university planetarium.
Students are the faculty s number one priority.
Students are the first priority.
Students are the first to say that teamwork is vital to their learning.
Students are THE focus for all decisions.
Students are the focus of attention.
Students are the focus of our district.
Students are the focus of our expertise, concern and energy until they have completed graduation.
Students are the focus of our work as an institution of higher learning.
Students are the focus of the education process.
Students are the future of any organization.
Students are the future of our professional community.
Students are the gauge of social and political stability or instability.
Students are the greatest at recognizing what is going on in their school.
Students are the heart and soul of everything.
Students are the heart of our graduate program in chemistry.
Students are the heart of our institution.
Students are the heart of our school.
Students are the heart of the program.
Students are the heartbeat of our campus.
Students are the heaviest users of the modem pool.
Students are the impressionable ones.
Students are the individuals most affected by the decisions of school committees.
Students are the issue.
Students are the key to our agenda for excellence.
Students are the key.
Students are the largest constituency and basic focus of the campus ministry program.
Students are the largest constituency served by the faculty and staff.
Students are the largest group of computer users on campus.
Students are the life blood of a great university.
Students are the lifeblood of a field.
Students are the lifeblood of any university.
Students are the lifeblood of our business.
Students are the main protagonists and use their own names and surnames.
Students are the main reason for our existence as a university.
Students are the major participants in the liturgy.
Students are the major participants through the choir, readings, and the offertory procession.
Students are the most effective spokesmen for recruiting and retaining students.
Students are the most important part of teaching.
Students are the most important people in our college.
Students are the most important people on campus.
Students are the most obvious.
Students are the most valuable asset for the future.
Students are the newscasters each morning.
Students are the number one priority.
Students are the obvious beneficiaries when professors from two branches of knowledge come together.
Students are the obvious beneficiaries.
Students are the ones most often benefitted from federally funded aid.
Students are the ones that do the practice and refine their skills.
Students are the ones threatening to sue to bring the site down.
Students are the ones to change things.
Students are the ones who are cheated most when other students cheat.
Students are the only concentrated population.
Students are the only customers who wish the least.
Students are the only group capable of mobilizing dissent.
Students are the only level at which women are making gains.
Students are the only ones punished by the new rule.
Students are the only reason public schools function today.
Students are the pioneers of the European spirit.
Students are the players who score the points.
Students are the primary customers.
Students are the primary focus of our department.
Students are the primary reason for existence of school.
Students are the primary stakeholders, but the university is a stakeholder, too.
Students are the principal carriers.
Students are the producers, directors, stars and camera crew for the programs.
Students are the producers, staff, crew, and the majority of the cast.
Students are the product of the business of education.
Students are the raison d'etre of any university.
Students are the reason why faculty and administrators work for the institution.
Students are the reasons all are here.
Students are the receivers of information, and the teacher is the dispenser.
Students are the receivers.
Students are the reporters, the writers, the business personnel, the designers and much more.
Students are the same all the world over.
Students are the same in learning and understanding of mathematics.
Students are the same in that they have the ability to learn.
Students are the same the world around.
Students are the same way.
Students are the school's messengers when they take school newsletters and notices home.
Students are the sole owners of all the films they make during the workshop.
Students are the source, strength and raison d'etre of radical activist scholarship.
Students are the supervised directors of a collegium musicum.
Students are the team members and the lecturer is the facilitator.
Students are the ultimate beneficiaries.
Students are the ultimate consumers of our educational programs, including student support services.
Students are the ultimate knowledge workers, since learning is all about acquiring knowledge.
Students are the ultimate losers.
Students are their own best advocates.
Students are then able to access the readings from any computer capable of accessing the network.
Students are then able to directly apply what they have learned in the labs.
Students are then able to enter the regular classrooms as their language skills develop.
Students are then able to grasp concepts more easily.
Students are then able to make informed decisions.
Students are then able to produce classroom materials in their own dialect.
Students are then able to search among a variety of solutions to one assignment.
Students are then able to their understanding of the material by taking a test over the subject.
Students are then better able to relate to the trials and triumphs of people in history.
Students are then better prepared to produce written work utilizing word processing.
Students are then comfortable and socially involved with brothers.
Students are then eligible to enter the next level of nursing study in the Nursing course.
Students are then enable to work towards increased clarity of tone and variety of pitch.
Students are then free to choose equipment that meets their individual needs and budget.
Students are then free to choose the remaining courses needed to fulfill the degree requirements.
Students are then free to register for classes.
Students are then in a position to choose and carry out their doctoral research most effectively.
Students are then more like scientists.
Students are then prepared to move from facts to logic and reasoning.
Students are then prepared to register.
Students are then prepared to try their wings as they nurture learning in children of the future.
Students are then prepared to work independently on the program.
Students are then recommended contacts within the community to support their goals and interests.
Students are then reluctant to deal with anything else.
Students are then responsible for contacting others in their building to coordinate the move.
Students are then responsible for locating and interviewing for their jobs.
Students are then responsible for maintaining and monitoring the growth of the seed.
Students are then responsible for registering through admissions.
Students are then responsible for submitting subsequent papers to their portfolios.
Students are then responsible to gather their own equipment and food for the two week trip.
Students are then responsible to schedule interviews with the three agencies.
Students are then to assign the two colors either as positive or negative.
Students are then to be moved into mainstream classes.
Students are then to move into mainstream classes.
Students are then to place a term in each box.
Students are then to remain in the locker room or physical education hallway until the bell rings.
Students are then to remove all customer identifying information from each piece.
Students are there because they want to be, and they often remain well into the night.
Students are there to explore, to inquire, to ask questions, to experiment, to negotiate knowledge.
Students are there to learn new skills.
Students are therefore able to live and learn more comfortably and openly.
Students are therefore eligible for all social advantages relating to their student status.
Students are therefore responsible for conducting themselves in an academically honest manner.
Students are thirsty for diversity and want to have conversations about it.
Students are three-dimensional individuals.
Students are thus able to create, perform and respond to the arts.
Students are thus able to grow and achieve their dreams within a caring, artistic environment.
Students are thus better able to understand the thoughts and lives of the people of another country.
Students are thus free to read their Bibles, recite the rosary, or pray before meals or math tests.
Students are thus free to trade analog vs. digital designs etc.
Students are thus prepared for their role as informed citizens in a complex, global society.
Students are tired of being in school and, around spring break, start the countdown to graduation.
Students are to abide by the generally excepted rules of network etiquette.
Students are to abide by the Student Athlete Code of Conduct of Plymouth.
Students are to access Internet only with direct teacher supervision.
Students are to access only appropriate information.
Students are to access the web page for readings prior to each class.
Students are to act appropriately during extracurricular activities.
Students are to act in a professional demeanor at all times.
Students are to act in a professional manner at all times.
Students are to act in a respectful manner at all times.
Students are to add one sentence after the sentence that they are given.
Students are to adhere to the standards of behavior described in the Student Handbook.
Students are to also give a brief summary of each of the events.
Students are to also meet three times with the professor coordinating the directed readings.
Students are to also participate through preparation for class discussions and activities.
Students are to analyze the case using course work from text, lecture and readings.
Students are to answer all of the questions in the text following the assignment.
Students are to answer any two of the following three questions.
Students are to answer both of the following essay questions.
Students are to answer the questions on the questionnaire and complete the graphing exercises.
Students are to apply for grants annually.
Students are to arrange conference times as indicated on papers.
Students are to arrange travel plans around the final exam period.
Students are to arrive at the lab well prepared to do the experiment.
Students are to arrive on time and fulfill expectations for all on-site experiences.
Students are to arrive on time each day and be ready to begin school at the required time.
Students are to arrive on time for exams.
Students are to arrive the day the class begins.
Students are to assemble a portfolio of their assignments.
Students are to assume personal responsibility for taking any medications.
Students are to assume the responsibility of coming to the office and requesting the medication.
Students are to attach the stamps to the corresponding page in their stamp booklet.
Students are to attend all class meetings, including the language laboratory sessions.
Students are to attend all class sessions.
Students are to attend all classroom sessions.
Students are to attend all presentations except in the case of an extreme emergency.
Students are to attend and participate in all classes and practicum experiences.
Students are to attend and participate in all classes, and practicum experiences.
Students are to attend class prepared to discuss readings and activities.
Students are to attend class regularly.
Students are to attend entire class period.
Students are to attend entire class periods .
Students are to attend entire class periods.
Students are to attend lab the first week.
Students are to attend only the section for which they are registered.
Students are to attend school in their appropriate uniforms at all times.
Students are to attend the entire clinical period.
Students are to attend the lab the first week.
Students are to attend the subject study hall until progress reports, when grades are reassessed.
Students are to attend two field trips, to be arranged, on weekends during the semester.
Students are to avoid ice, mud puddles, and other wet areas.
Students are to avoid tardiness on examination days.
Students are to avoid using profanity and other inappropriate language.
Students are to avoid using profanity or other inappropriate language.
Students are to be able to conclude from the experiment that emulsions and solutions are different.
Students are to be able to write paragraphs succintly yet descriptively.
Students are to be accountable for their actions while riding school buses.
Students are to be alert and awake during class time.
Students are to be appropriately dressed in the laboratory at all times, even during check-out.
Students are to be assessed throughout the school year.
Students are to be assigned paralegal tasks during their chosen program.
Students are to be assigned to see patients under the direct supervision of faculty preceptors.
Students are to be at rehearsal on time, preferably early.
Students are to be at school only during school hours.
Students are to be at the bus stop five minutes prior to bus arrival.
Students are to be attentive audience members and considerate speakers.
Students are to be called upon frequently for discussion of the cases and the articles.
Students are to be commended for keeping a good attitude and trying again.
Students are to be commended on their achievements and the faculty on their teaching efforts.
Students are to be compensated at an hourly rate for all hours actually worked.
Students are to be compensated for all hours actually worked.
Students are to be considerate of one another.
Students are to be courteous and obedient to their caregivers.
Students are to be courteous to our lunchroom personnel.
Students are to be creative in their delivery and book selection.
Students are to be discouraged from riding skateboards to and from school.
Students are to be dressed appropriately when in the lobby areas of the residence halls.
Students are to be dropped off and picked up in the upper rear parking lot.
Students are to be educated to think and act on the basis of personal reflection.
Students are to be encourages to insert appropriate clip art or drawings.
Students are to be evaluated by the faculty production coordinator.
Students are to be Evangelical believers willing to share their faith.
Students are to be excused only at the end of each test period.
Students are to be exempted in accordance with the state guidelines.
Students are to be gender neutral in their writing, except where gender is a clearly relevant issue.
Students are to be given help or privileges that increase their learning capabilities.
Students are to be given one cup of drink and three cookies each.
Students are to be given three opportunities to pass the examination.
Students are to be given time and treated with respectful concern.
Students are to be guided by their own maturity and responsibility.
Students are to be held responsible for any delay in submitting the required documents.
Students are to be honest in taking tests and self-discipline themselves in such situations.
Students are to be in attendance at all class meeting.
Students are to be in attendance at school and on time, unless excused.
Students are to be in class by the time the last bell rings.
Students are to be in class on time with the materials necessary for work.
Students are to be in the classroom only when supervised by the classroom teacher.
Students are to be in their assigned seats with necessary materials when the bell rings.
Students are to be in their seats and ready to begin class at the scheduled time.
Students are to be in their seats and ready to work when the bell sounds.
Students are to be in their seats and ready to work when the tardy bell rings.
Students are to be in their seats at the beginning of class.
Students are to be in their seats before the bell rings.
Students are to be in their seats promptly at the second bell.
Students are to be in their seats ready to work at the time class is scheduled to begin.
Students are to be in their seats with the tardy bell rings.
Students are to be in their seats, ready to work when the bell rings.
Students are to be in uniform and present a well-groomed appearance at all times.
Students are to be involved in various work-based learning situations at the school site.
Students are to be made aware of job placement into the automotive and related fields.
Students are to be mainstreamed only when they are ready.
Students are to be moulded to have all-round development.
Students are to be on time also.
Students are to be on time and stay for the entire performance.
Students are to be open to the future, striving to fulfill their potentialities.
Students are to be orderly and business like in the gym, the outdoor, area, and the locker room.
Students are to be orderly and well behaved when changing classes.
Students are to be permitted to complete their projects up to the dates specified.
Students are to be picked up promptly after the dismissal.
Students are to be prepared for all classes, lecture and laboratory experiences.
Students are to be prompt and consistent in their school attendance.
Students are to be quiet during movement in the hallways and during school assemblies.
Students are to be ready for note taking and answering questions in a verbal test after each class.
Students are to be ready to begin classes at the scheduled start of the classes.
Students are to be recruited through the school guidance office and the school health clinic.
Students are to be registered for, and working on, the project both semesters.
Students are to be reminded of the political happenings within an organization.
Students are to be respected and treated gently.
Students are to be respectful and sensitive toward their peers.
Students are to be respectful to all adult authority and refrain from using disrespectful language.
Students are to be responsible for obtaining their own copies of the notes.
Students are to be responsible for the cleanliness of their place at the table.
Students are to be safety conscious at all times.
Students are to be seated quietly and follow the driver's directions.
Students are to be seated up front, and ready to work at the scheduled time.
Students are to be surveyed after using modules.
Students are to be taught to be responsible consumers and to preserve our natural resources.
Students are to be taught to respect and honor their parents.
Students are to be treated with respect and dignity.
Students are to be treated with respect.
Students are to be under adult supervision when using the computer.
Students are to be working on a report over one planet in our solar system.
Students are to become sought after by Universities.
Students are to begin making payments on loans six months after they stop taking college courses.
Students are to begin to formulate an understanding of sound as a vibration.
Students are to begin to look for resources on the Revolutionary War.
Students are to behave in a manner that allows other students to learn.
Students are to board and disembark at the same bus stop each day.
Students are to bring a bag lunch.
Students are to bring a book to read each day.
Students are to bring a brown bag lunch.
Students are to bring a new poem to class each week, typed and copied for classmates.
Students are to bring a note for permission to stay after school.
Students are to bring a plastic jar and cover for their second clay project.
Students are to bring a sack meal .
Students are to bring a scientific calculator to class.
Students are to bring a separate notebook and folder designated for science class.
Students are to bring a spiral notebook and folder to class.
Students are to bring all materials needed for the time assigned.
Students are to bring an all-purpose art pad to first class.
Students are to bring an all-purpose art pad to the first class.
Students are to bring hand tools.
Students are to bring homework that needs to be completed.
Students are to bring in a favorite children's book for the following class period.
Students are to bring in artifacts.
Students are to bring samples of work to the first class.
Students are to bring the note to the principal's office before school .
Students are to bring their board games, but no electronic or hand held games.
Students are to bring their costumes in a marked bag.
Students are to bring their own cereal.
Students are to bring their own engine and small tools.
Students are to bring their own firearms and factory ammunition.
Students are to bring their own lunch.
Students are to bring their own paper to print.
Students are to bring their own pens or pencils.
Students are to bring their own sticky mats.
Students are to bring their own vehicles.
Students are to bring their text book and a calculator to every class.
Students are to bring their textbooks and guidebooks to class daily.
Students are to bring to class items which are proof of their identity and eligibility for a job.
Students are to call ahead for an appointment.
Students are to call prior to the onset of elective.
Students are to call the office at ext.
Students are to carry their weapons in to and out of the dojo responsibly.
Students are to challenge a mode of oppression and write about their experience doing so.
Students are to change their personal body level as well.
Students are to check course requirements of the program and school where further study is planned.
Students are to check their work and make any necessary changes before submitting again.
Students are to choose a topic of their own relating to any of the areas covered in the course.
Students are to choose an area of canine service they wish to study.
Students are to choose an imaginary business.
Students are to choose any Canadian capital city as the central point of their area of interest.
Students are to choose any topics they desire relating to any of the areas covered in the subject.
Students are to choose one of the following four electives as the final part of their course.
Students are to choose one three-redit course in each of the following categories.
Students are to choose ONE topic from the two listed below.
Students are to choose specific communities when carrying out their comparative investigation.
Students are to choose the two novels from the lists provided.
Students are to choose their topics from the social issues discussed in the book.
Students are to choose which protocol they plan to follow and defend the choice.
Students are to clean the tables and area around the table before leaving the cafeteria.
Students are to clean up work areas as instructed by the teacher.
Students are to clear their desks and make a note of homework before they leave each day.
Students are to collaborate to complete three cases.
Students are to collect their own articles on the enhanced greenhouse effect.
Students are to color one square in their graphs.
Students are to come forward of their own initiative to participate.
Students are to come to class fully prepared to participate.
Students are to come to class prepared to participate in the discussion of the material.
Students are to come to school every day with the supplies needed to do their assignments.
Students are to come to the computer in groups of two at a time.
Students are to come to the library prepared to make use of library materials and technology.
Students are to come up with their own hands-on model to solve the following problem.
Students are to communicate with the instructor by E-mail.
Students are to complete a book review by the assigned date.
Students are to complete a final project on a topic of their choice.
Students are to complete a line graph.
Students are to complete a project on their favorite athelete.
Students are to complete a research thesis.
Students are to complete a spreadsheet with graph included.
Students are to complete all cases and to turn in a print out of their work.
Students are to complete all sections.
Students are to complete an activity on writing and evaluating educational objectives.
Students are to complete an orientation series during the spring semester prior to internship.
Students are to complete and type each lab assignment and turn in data sheets.
Students are to complete any eight of the following ten courses plus the MBA Case Study.
Students are to complete assignments in a timely fashion.
Students are to complete briefer courses in the spring and fall of two successive years.
Students are to complete each web homework assignment after the related chapter lecture.
Students are to complete Lessons One, Two, and Three in class.
Students are to complete missed assignments.
Students are to complete the demo class prior to the start of the quarter.
Students are to complete the evaluation.
Students are to complete the linguistic section in a week.
Students are to complete the map as they listen.
Students are to complete three papers in the semester each being two pages in length.
Students are to complete twelve credits of additional course work in the area of concentration.
Students are to complete worksheets on a number of biomechanical and systemic conditions.
Students are to comply with mandatory reporting requirements.
Students are to compute and enter the correct answer in special sections of the answer sheet.
Students are to conduct an information search on the ecology and habitat of the Bighorn Sheep.
Students are to conduct research based on the guide sheet, which follows.
Students are to conduct themselves appropriately at all times, both on and off the field.
Students are to conduct themselves at all times as professionals.
Students are to conduct themselves consistent with established standards for classroom behavior.
Students are to conduct themselves properly at all times.
Students are to conduct two interviews during the course of the semester.
Students are to consider and graph the data, present the problem and discuss possible consequences.
Students are to consider each of the areas of focus presented in the motivation activity.
Students are to construct a DNA molecule out of any combination of materials they wish.
Students are to construct a rectangle by gluing the cubes together with the caulking.
Students are to consult with appropriate faculty for each region they choose.
Students are to consult with their advisors to prepare their specific plans of study.
Students are to contact an entrepreneur and make an appointment for an interview.
Students are to contact their case manager for more information.
Students are to continue building a portfolio of their work.
Students are to correctly cite references and include a reference list at the end of the paper.
Students are to counsel with their Advisors before changing their academic program.
Students are to create a display that promotes or teaches a mathematics topic .
Students are to create a list of considerations for determining rental needs.
Students are to create a multimedia presentations about the ancient people of Mesopotamia.
Students are to create a play of any particular scene from a chapter.
Students are to create a unit portfolio.
Students are to create four pages in their site using basic web page design techniques.
Students are to create pictures or patterns on the paper squares using the wood shapes.
Students are to create small drawings which reflect environmental history.
Students are to create their own page for a class clothing catalog.
Students are to create their own pattern using different colors of circles, squares, etc.
Students are to define basic physical and emotional human needs and give examples.
Students are to define what they believe constitutes an ecosystem.
Students are to demonstrate a beginning level of knowledge of the helping process.
Students are to demonstrate adequate level or written, oral and computer communication skills.
Students are to demonstrate an ability to appropriately function in a social agency.
Students are to demonstrate an understanding of social work values and ethics.
Students are to demonstrate knowledge of the community in which their agency exists.
Students are to deposit their paychecks and keep a running balance of their account.
Students are to describe their experiences and what they learned from each experience.
Students are to design a layout and give a scale for their house, appropriate for the lot size.
Students are to design a rainforest biodome in Georgia.
Students are to design their own logs and maintain a personal journal.
Students are to determine grading system, faculty personnel, and firing system.
Students are to determine the circumference of a pizza, given only one slice.
Students are to develop a paragraph or story based on their name descriptions.
Students are to develop a portfolio of reflective learning materials during the course.
Students are to develop a strategy that forces the other player to pick the last apple.
Students are to develop and appreciation of learning and a commitment to lifelong learning.
Students are to develop at least five informational cards for a hyperstudio stack.
Students are to develop media materials for use by a nonprofit group in the community.
Students are to develop their brochures.
Students are to discuss about the range and if most of the class estimated under or over a minute.
Students are to discuss any concerns they have before it becomes a problem.
Students are to discuss each graphic separately.
Students are to discuss specific requirements with their music advisors.
Students are to discuss the facts quietly within their groups.
Students are to dismount and walk their bikes to the racks.
Students are to display proper classroom conduct.
Students are to divide the poster board in half by drawing a line down the middle.
Students are to do research on our solar system.
Students are to do their own work under the supervision of their industrial technology teacher.
Students are to do their own work unless an assignment is made as a group assignment.
Students are to do their own work.
Students are to draw a map and show their cousin how to get from their home to school.
Students are to draw from the reading, lectures and class discussion.
Students are to draw symbols of combinations on their activity sheet.
Students are to draw their own image of what 'thunder rolling in the mountains' looks like.
Students are to dress appropriately for the weather and the range.
Students are to eat lunch only in the cafeteria or the commons.
Students are to eat quietly.
Students are to eat their lunches during the designated portion of the day.
Students are to engage in an e-mail correspondence or a chat discussion.
Students are to enhance their computer search with all other sources available.
Students are to enroll for two credits of thesis support during the summer of their first year.
Students are to enroll in one of the classes described on the following pages.
Students are to enter and exit the school in the rear of the building unless they are bus students.
Students are to enter grade level buildings when arriving on campus.
Students are to enter the building upon arriving and proceed directly to their classroom.
Students are to enter the bus in an orderly fashion and go to their seats promptly.
Students are to enter the cafeteria quietly.
Students are to enter their student ID numbers on the keypad at the point of sale in the cafeteria.
Students are to estimate the product of two decimals.
Students are to evacuate by prescribed routes in an orderly fashion.
Students are to evacuate using the stairwells closest to their rooms.
Students are to evaluate the schedule, the company and the time slots carefully.
Students are to examine and record their findings.
Students are to examine the data over a ten day period.
Students are to exemplify the Christian attitudes of courtesy and respect for each other.
Students are to exercise modesty and propriety in dress.
Students are to expect Reading every night with a possible comprehension quiz the following day.
Students are to explain why and use examples from the text.
Students are to facilitate discussion for one class session.
Students are to familiarize themselves with the experiment before coming to the laboratory.
Students are to familiarize themselves with the safety precautions in the laboratories.
Students are to fill in the blanks with the appropriate word from the word bank.
Students are to fill in the missing cells.
Students are to fill in the number of years completed in each subject.
Students are to fill in the rest of the column with their own characters.
Students are to fill the cost and percent columns with the actual dollar cost and percent.
Students are to film each other, each student in the group saying a different number on camera.
Students are to find a book about the country they have chosen.
Students are to find articles dealing with crime and delinquency.
Students are to find as many of the listed items as possible.
Students are to find the answers on the internet before coming here to take the quiz.
Students are to find the area of the pond and the volume of the pond.
Students are to find two adults to interview, a female and a male.
Students are to finish the worksheet at home.
Students are to fold the paper in half and crease it.
Students are to follow all instructions and safety procedures as outlined by their bus driver.
Students are to follow all rules that are in effect during the school day at after-school events.
Students are to follow all university rules of conduct when using university computers.
Students are to follow cafeteria rules and directions of the cafeteria staff at all times.
Students are to follow teacher's directives at all times.
Students are to follow the directions and record their observations.
Students are to follow the directions of the teacher the first time they are given.
Students are to follow the format listed below for the evaluation.
Students are to follow the instructions contained there.
Students are to follow the instructions of any adult on campus.
Students are to form groups of four to do a project.
Students are to form teams of two or three students.
Students are to form their own group of four to solve project problems.
Students are to forward the bill to the appropriate agency at their department.
Students are to function as participant observers in the clinical setting.
Students are to furnish all painting supplies and brushes.
Students are to furnish their own electric irons and window fans.
Students are to furnish their own medication and dosage schedule.
Students are to gather information about each area via the Internet and available software.
Students are to get one of the samples and place the pH meter into the sample.
Students are to give a brief report on their experiences when the assignment is due.
Students are to give a two to three sentence summary of the resolution in a separate paragraph.
Students are to give an oral presentation of from ten to fifteen minutes.
Students are to give brief presentations of their research, aimed at a wide audience.
Students are to give their solution mathematically, pictorial, and in a paragraph.
Students are to glue each ad to a piece of white loose leaf paper.
Students are to go directly home at that time.
Students are to go directly to the playground or the cafeteria upon arriving at school.
Students are to go home directly after school.
Students are to graph the motion of the truck at various speeds and in both directions.
Students are to graph the results and record their conclusions in their journal.
Students are to group their food according to similar charateristics.
Students are to hand in a paper on a topic given by the lecturer.
Students are to hand in one of their assessment tasks.
Students are to hand in two finished copies of the final versions of their assignments.
Students are to have a copy of the presentation for notes and questions.
Students are to have a eight-ring binder.
Students are to have a menu of questions prepared for the visiting student teachers.
Students are to have all scriptures at each class.
Students are to have assignment sheets for each subject in their binder.
Students are to have equipment only with instructors approval.
Students are to have fun, be creative, and realistic.
Students are to have only the money necessary for the trip as determined by the professional staff.
Students are to have read and considered the assigned reading before each class session.
Students are to have read assignments by the first day noted below.
Students are to have read the materials and be able to participate actively in the discussions.
Students are to have study material for the full study hour.
Students are to have their presentation prepared ahead of time.
Students are to highlight where they live without giving away where they are.
Students are to identify a clinical preceptor and agency as a potential site for their practicum.
Students are to identify the three types of radiations.
Students are to identify what they want to know about their animal by designing three questions.
Students are to idividually circle the plural words.
Students are to immediately report injuries.
Students are to include all of the required information using the guidelines provided.
Students are to include their name, grade, teacher, and name of the booklet on the cover.
Students are to inform faculty of any special health care needs.
Students are to initiate the e-mail contact with prospective mentors.
Students are to investigate refugee problems and the issues that lead to their immigration.
Students are to investigate the largest area that can be enclosed by a closed curve of fixed length.
Students are to investigate two rocks.
Students are to involvement in the performance scripts.
Students are to keep a copy of all material submitted for assessment.
Students are to keep a copy of their assignments in the event of a loss.
Students are to keep a copy of their projects on diskette.
Students are to keep a daily journal to record their impressions.
Students are to keep a dipper finder for future observations.
Students are to keep a log of practicum dates and hours.
Students are to keep a portfolio of all class work and assignments.
Students are to keep a report of all investigations in a journal.
Students are to keep a social studies folder.
Students are to keep a weekly journal.
Students are to keep hands, feet and objects to themselves.
Students are to keep hands, feet, and objects to themselves.
Students are to keep their body and objects to themselves.
Students are to keep their heads, hands and feet inside the bus.
Students are to keep their place in line.
Students are to label assigned activities in order for the activity to be graded.
Students are to label past, present, and future Olympic cites.
Students are to lay down on their backs and become comfortable.
Students are to learn about the environment, the economy, the population, the people, etc.
Students are to learn by doing.
Students are to learn how structures can have multiple uses.
Students are to learn to listen attentively.
Students are to learn to write within the context of their discipline.
Students are to leave the table and surrounding area clean.
Students are to list all prior postsecondary education on their application.
Students are to listen to the story again.
Students are to load the buses by the playground located behind the school.
Students are to locate past, present, and future summer host cities.
Students are to locate the winter Olympic host cities using a blue marker.
Students are to logout and vacate the classroom ten minutes prior to any scheduled class.
Students are to look at a situation they are familiar with and see it through a fresh perspective.
Students are to look closely at the vein structure of their leaf.
Students are to look for a business problem at work, in a family business, or through contacts.
Students are to look for interesting shapes in nature and in the man-made environment.
Students are to look for trends in their own points and trends in the points plotted by the class.
Students are to maintain a folder of writeups on the background papers.
Students are to maintain a hard-copy portfolio of each journal assignment.
Students are to maintain a neat military appearance at all times.
Students are to maintain an assignment folder for their work.
Students are to maintain appropriate grooming and clothing standards.
Students are to maintain courtesies at all times.
Students are to maintain rooms in keeping with standards of good housekeeping.
Students are to maintain their notebooks and assignment sheets.
Students are to make a birthday wish list for themselves.
Students are to make a boat with the clay.
Students are to make a heading for each inside page of the booklet.
Students are to make a list of the countries that touch the body of water on the worksheets.
Students are to make a list of the countries that touch the fish's body of water on their paper.
Students are to make a list of words that describe what they see in the picture.
Students are to make copies of all of their work on a regular basis.
Students are to make light plots for analysis in class and advanced design problems are discussed.
Students are to make note of the refund schedule when withdrawing from courses.
Students are to make own arragnements.
Students are to make sense of their exploration.
Students are to make substantive observations and write in narrative form.
Students are to make their own copy.
Students are to make their own travel arrangements.
Students are to make up all homework which is assigned during an absence.
Students are to master the fundamental methods and skills of nursing.
Students are to match each bit of information with each number.
Students are to match the cause with the effect.
Students are to measure and clear an area for planting.
Students are to meet the instructor in the lobby on the first morning of class.
Students are to meet their transportation after school in front of the gym.
Students are to name their party and decide on four issues.
Students are to negotiate with their workplace supervisor the details of the project.
Students are to never share inhalers as they can be deadly if used in the wrong way.
Students are to notify the instructor about missing class beforehand.
Students are to observe and help perform five mammographic exams.
Students are to observe the materials closely and discuss each item together quietly.
Students are to obtain information from their agency when requested.
Students are to obtain permission before playing games or accessing the Internet.
Students are to obtain permission to use the telephone from their teacher.
Students are to offer explanations that the teacher records on the board.
Students are to only cross the street at the corner where the crossing guards are located.
Students are to pace their reading to the weekly topics.
Students are to paint a design on their bulb.
Students are to pair up with one other student for the purpose of presenting their paper topics.
Students are to park and lock their bikes in the compound, which is locked during the school day.
Students are to park in designated areas.
Students are to park in designated parking areas only.
Students are to park in designated student areas only.
Students are to park in marked spaces.
Students are to park in the designated student parking lot.
Students are to park in the student lot on the hill.
Students are to park in the student parking lot only.
Students are to park in white lined areas only.
Students are to park their bicycles in the bike rack immediately upon arriving at school.
Students are to pay tuition, fees, and room and board for the first month at registration.
Students are to personally turn in completed assignments to the teacher the next day.
Students are to pick one format of poetry and turn in a finished copy on the fourth day.
Students are to pick out selected fruit.
Students are to pick their own topics in consultation with the instructor.
Students are to pick two stories from the list to read.
Students are to place a check under the group they are most closely aligned with.
Students are to place all belongings in their locker during physical education classes.
Students are to place coats in their lockers upon their arrival to school.
Students are to place correct heading on paper.
Students are to place it on one of the place values.
Students are to place jellybeans into their hands, to see how many they can hold.
Students are to place the third piece of candy in their mouth and chew it.
Students are to place their hands under their corresponding armpits and flap their arms.
Students are to police their own ranks and demand proper behavior from fellow students.
Students are to practice in front of a mirror on a regular basis.
Students are to practice injections ONLY on the manikins provided in the skills lab.
Students are to practice their scenes.
Students are to predict the number of peanuts in the jar.
Students are to prepare a finished product for display on a website.
Students are to prepare a proposal for a new program for a community college.
Students are to prepare an outline of their findings.
Students are to prepare by reading the directions for the scheduled assignment.
Students are to prepare for a test tomorrow.
Students are to prepare for each class session by carefully reading the assigned texts.
Students are to prepare questions at the end of the chapters for class.
Students are to prepare research paper on a topic in drama.
Students are to prepare summaries of their reading for presentation in class.
Students are to prepare the presentations with the assistance of the professor.
Students are to prepare their questions ahead of time.
Students are to prepare their skits using information learned during the unit.
Students are to prepare to argue for or against the designated topic.
Students are to present a mini-workshop that details the steps for producing something.
Students are to present budgets for student organizations.
Students are to present findings in both written form and in a final oral presentation.
Students are to present on their rotation work or current research project.
Students are to present speeches when they are assigned.
Students are to present their findings, recommendations, and conclusions in an oral presentation.
Students are to print a copy of the booklet to submit to the teacher.
Students are to print out and turn in their results as they take the Psyk.trek tests.
Students are to proceed with no noise to the exit specified.
Students are to produce a body of work with attention to issues discussed.
Students are to promptly correct deficiencies discovered in room inspections.
Students are to provide answers on an individual basis.
Students are to provide constructive feedback and suggestions to classmates.
Students are to provide their own tin cans and button magnets.
Students are to purchase their own copies.
Students are to put forward their best efforts in school.
Students are to raise hands and wait for permission to speak or leave their seats.
Students are to raise their hands in order to speak.
Students are to raise their hands to be acknowledged by the teacher.
Students are to react to their cultural taboos.
Students are to read a chapter and take the chapter quiz immediately after reading the chapter.
Students are to read a minimum of one book per month.
Students are to read a novel by the author AVI and complete projects on the book.
Students are to read according to the chapters assigned.
Students are to read all assignments prior to class.
Students are to read all required material before class sessions.
Students are to read and study assigned books prior to class.
Students are to read assignments before attending the lecture.
Students are to read Introduction and answer the Check Questions.
Students are to read the class forum posting daily, if at all possible.
Students are to read the directions and complete the assignment.
Students are to read the text and all reading materials in a timely manner, as assigned.
Students are to read the text and jot down information they are learning in the third column L .
Students are to read, understand and abide by the policies laid forth below.
Students are to reapply each semester to be considered for the following scholarships.
Students are to receive approval for each service project before they actually begin the project.
Students are to receive both individual and group supervision.
Students are to receive stamped late passes from the security desk.
Students are to recognise theory as a form of engaged and applied understanding.
Students are to record info.
Students are to record information by chapter on each character and suspicions about the murderer.
Students are to record into their science notebooks what they have done thus far.
Students are to record the diameter of each planet from the website.
Students are to record the exact number of hours they work on the appropriate day.
Students are to record their answers onto the activity sheet and each student is to plot a graph.
Students are to record their student ID number onl y on the papers.
Students are to reenter the building in an orderly manner.
Students are to reflect on the actions, the outcomes and gained awareness from the movie.
Students are to refrain from any academic misconduct.
Students are to refrain from any behavior disreputable to the school, or to the massage profession.
Students are to refrain from noisy, unruly behavior that is disruptive to the learning environment.
Students are to refrain from reaching out of the bus windows at all times.
Students are to refrain from smoking, eating or drinking in the classroom and laboratory.
Students are to refrain from smoking, eating or drinking in the classroom or laboratory.
Students are to register in person during the scheduled registration days.
Students are to remain in assigned area until dismissed.
Students are to remain in assigned seats unless otherwise directed.
Students are to remain in the cafeteria during the assigned lunch period.
Students are to remain in the cafetorium unless they have a pass to visit another area.
Students are to remain in the class until the lab is finished.
Students are to remain in the media center for the duration of the lunch period.
Students are to remain in the media center for the duration of the period.
Students are to remain in their classes during the full scheduled class time.
Students are to remain in their classrooms while eating their lunch and are then to go outside.
Students are to remain in their seats for the entire testing time.
Students are to remain in their seats until after attendance is taken.
Students are to remain in waiting area until rides arrive.
Students are to remain on school grounds at lunch and during regular school hours.
Students are to remain outside the building in the morning and during the noon hour.
Students are to remain seated during lunch.
Students are to remain seated facing the front of the bus while it is in motion.
Students are to remain seated until dismissed.
Students are to remain seated when the bus is moving.
Students are to remain seated while bus is in motion and no radios are to be used on the bus.
Students are to remain seated, facing forward while riding on the bus.
Students are to remove all outerwear before entering the classroom.
Students are to report an accident on the playground to the teacher or aide on duty.
Students are to report any concerns they have to any responsible adult.
Students are to report directly to the media center as a group.
Students are to report to class at regular time.
Students are to report to class promptly.
Students are to report to classes as scheduled unless they are canceled.
Students are to report to the cafeteria where supervision is provided.
Students are to report to the following locations at the times indicated.
Students are to report to the high school commons at their designated time.
Students are to report to the lower playground.
Students are to report to their home rooms unless they have a scheduled meeting to attend.
Students are to required to do their own work on exams and papers.
Students are to research and design their own ideas for a mask.
Students are to research and design their own portable landscape.
Students are to research the original dimensions, floor plan and uses.
Students are to research three of their choice.
Students are to respect and obey their surrogate parents and love their surrogate siblings.
Students are to respect each other, their environment and the staff.
Students are to respect fellow students, parents, and tutors.
Students are to respect school property.
Students are to respect teachers, administrators and each other.
Students are to respect the model's privacy at all times.
Students are to respect the rights and property of others.
Students are to respect the rights of others.
Students are to respond to m y comments and to each other.
Students are to respond with a paper.
Students are to retain electronic copies and back-up electronic copies of all work that they submit.
Students are to retain the order forms in a safe place at home.
Students are to return any additional handouts that are supplied by instructor upon request.
Students are to return dishes and trays to the designated place when their teacher gives permission.
Students are to return equipment promptly in the condition in which it was borrowed.
Students are to return home with the teacher except if being picked up by a parent.
Students are to return keys to their resident director.
Students are to return to school the next scheduled day unless otherwise instructed.
Students are to return to the building when the alarm sounds three times.
Students are to return to the dismissal area quietly and wait to be excused.
Students are to review one a week.
Students are to review the tapes and reflect on their communication skills.
Students are to ride their regular bus only.
Students are to schedule an appointment to see their counselor during study hall.
Students are to secure approval before signing a lease for off-campus housing.
Students are to secure written approval for such a substitution prior to taking the class.
Students are to see the instructor for appropriate assignments.
Students are to see the relevance of science to our world.
Students are to select a famous person.
Students are to select a topic from the list provided.
Students are to select an outfit for an opposite- sex family member.
Students are to select courses from the following options listed below.
Students are to select from several different newspaper sites.
Students are to select one music lab from the following list at the first class meeting.
Students are to select one of the following options.
Students are to select one of the options as a program of study.
Students are to select one of the questions from the list prepared by the instructor.
Students are to send all email messages or homework to the instructor's email address.
Students are to send letters by regular mail or e-mail and await responses.
Students are to share answers and complete their jigsaw worksheet.
Students are to show respect for cafeteria paraprofessionals.
Students are to show respect for the values, interests, preferences and opinions of others.
Students are to show the note to subject teachers and return it to the homeform teacher.
Students are to sign an attendance sheet at the beginning of each class session.
Students are to sign back in before going to class.
Students are to sign into the one which best suits their timetable.
Students are to sign only their name.
Students are to sign up for one appointment at a time .
Students are to sign-in for each visit, including same day visits.
Students are to sit in the seat assigned.
Students are to sit in their assigned seats daily.
Students are to smooth as they apply the plaster.
Students are to speak on one of the selected topics identified before the contest.
Students are to spell each dictated word and write out meanings of selected words.
Students are to stand quietly in single file in lunch lines.
Students are to start their 'Terms' notebook.
Students are to stay away from all doors and windows.
Students are to stay in the building they are assigned.
Students are to stay in the school grounds at all times.
Students are to stay in their seats until dismissed by the teacher at the end of class.
Students are to stay in their seats until dismissed by the teacher.
Students are to stay off all other campuses at all times.
Students are to stay off bleachers and equipment unless directed by their teacher.
Students are to stay stationary while kicking the ball.
Students are to stay with their class unless written permission is given .
Students are to stay within the boundaries of the play areas.
Students are to submit a copy of their degree plan for their file.
Students are to submit all required documents prior to graduation.
Students are to submit all required documents prior to their second semester of course work.
Students are to submit no more than one answer for a single chapter.
Students are to submit prototypes of their admission tickets and posters.
Students are to submit their work on the exercises on the date shown in the syllabus.
Students are to submit to teachers.
Students are to summarize the accomplishments of the special project by preparing a written report.
Students are to summarize the essential facts of the example on a sheet of flip chart paper.
Students are to supply their own bulbs for personal use.
Students are to supply two golf balls.
Students are to take care of drinks, restroom, etc. before coming to class.
Students are to take one straw and one napkin.
Students are to take the initiative in making the arrangements and completing all required work.
Students are to think and discuss the similarities of the two methods.
Students are to think of a product or service they like or have had a problem with.
Students are to think of as many proper nouns as they can that matches the common noun.
Students are to trace one hand onto paper, cut it out, and write their estimation on the thumb.
Students are to trace the digestion of a meal through the human alimentary canal.
Students are to transfer body fluids to each other to simulate having intercourse.
Students are to treat each other with respect at all times.
Students are to treat other students and teachers with respect.
Students are to treat others with respect and dignity.
Students are to treat property with respect and to clean up after themselves.
Students are to try again from a different height.
Students are to try and work out several mead, medians and modes for their research.
Students are to turn in a two page review with complete references.
Students are to turn in all rough drafts, all notes and a bibliography of pre activity readings.
Students are to turn in assignments as they are completed.
Students are to turn in report form their observations and findings.
Students are to turn in their own work.
Students are to turn off their pagers and cell phones while class is in session.
Students are to type their first and last names at the top of the first sheet.
Students are to understand how standards are developed and why they are necessary.
Students are to use a sidearm action rather than an overarm action.
Students are to use an accurately drawn scaled vector diagram to determine the resultant.
Students are to use any of the materials they now have to create a work of sculpture.
Students are to use at least two sources of each reference without using another type of reference.
Students are to use authoritative references.
Students are to use computers only as instructed by their teacher.
Students are to use diagrams , charts , and tables as needed.
Students are to use discussion, negotiation, and political skill to make a group decision.
Students are to use electronic mail only for the exchange of appropriate information.
Students are to use equipment without touching other students.
Students are to use good table manners.
Students are to use instruments to draw as many variations as possible of an elevation design.
Students are to use online research only.
Students are to use peer-reviewed journals, books, and Web sites.
Students are to use primary research and the internet.
Students are to use proper doors to enter and exit the building to avoid congestion.
Students are to use proper English grammar and spelling.
Students are to use proper techniques and finger placement.
Students are to use square tiles to find the area of the seven irregularly shaped polygons.
Students are to use student computers only.
Students are to use that time to meet and prepare their group projects.
Students are to use the bibliographic form which appears in the front of their Student Organizer .
Students are to use the fax in the campus bookstore unless it is a special situation.
Students are to use the given link to find, research, and complete a report on a French city.
Students are to use the Internet to investigate another country or region of the United States.
Students are to use the restroom between classes.
Students are to use the same number of lines in each section within their square.
Students are to use the sidewalks and crosswalks during arrival and dismissal from school.
Students are to use the theories, definitions and information covered in the texts.
Students are to use the walkways on either end of the parking lot to enter the grounds.
Students are to use the writing process in order to produce a well-written essay.
Students are to use their automobiles only when entering or leaving school grounds.
Students are to use their homework assignment to add to their posters if necessary.
Students are to use their nose and eyes to write a descriptive paragraph.
Students are to use their reasoning skills and imagination to predict the story's outcome.
Students are to utilize the campus duplication facilities for multi-copy printing.
Students are to utilize the computer as a tool to enhance learning outcomes.
Students are to view grades for accuracy and to determine missing work.
Students are to visit the cell lab activity on line.
Students are to wait a moment or two for the pH meter to adjust .
Students are to wait in their respective locker room until the dismissal bell rings.
Students are to wait quietly in their assigned class locations until class begins.
Students are to walk bicycles on the sidewalks which approach the school.
Students are to walk in the halls at all times.
Students are to walk their bicycles once they enter the school grounds.
Students are to walk through the playground and report directly to their classrooms.
Students are to walk to the line-up areas when the whistle blows.
Students are to wear comfortable clothing to class.
Students are to wear costumes.
Students are to wear disposable gloves when working with concentrated acids and bases.
Students are to wear in their assigned Academic classes.
Students are to wear official nursing attire to ceremony.
Students are to wear shoes at all times.
Students are to wear tennis shoes, loafers, tie shoes, or leather strapped sandals.
Students are to wear the school gym uniform and gym shoes.
Students are to wear their holiday best.
Students are to wear their school uniforms.
Students are to work all problems at the end of each chapter, unless otherwise indicated.
Students are to work collaboratively in six groups of three.
Students are to work in groups of no larger than four.
Students are to work in teams of two.
Students are to work in their groups to do a worksheet with addition problems together.
Students are to work independently in the computer lab.
Students are to work independently in the Computer Lab.
Students are to work individually unless specifically directed otherwise.
Students are to work on all home-works independently.
Students are to work on collaborative research projects.
Students are to work on developing responsibility for their own learning and growth.
Students are to work on projects in groups of two.
Students are to work on their annotated bibliographies.
Students are to work on their projects for the entire period.
Students are to work quietly.
Students are to work together to design and make the poster as a torn paper collage.
Students are to work together to satisfy the lesson objectives and ATs.
Students are to work under a licensed optician.
Students are to work with a peer to rank the questions in order of importance.
Students are to write a brief paper about their family during the fifties.
Students are to write a critical book review of one of the texts listed below.
Students are to write a health guide based upon living in the new country.
Students are to write a letter to each person listed, using the same prompt.
Students are to write a persuasive essay on an issue that concerns their age group.
Students are to write a rule for the process and complete three sets of patterns.
Students are to write about their participation in an outside activity related to the course.
Students are to write down the feelings they encountered during the trial.
Students are to write in their journal each day.
Students are to write one factual statement per a card.
Students are to write out answers to the assignments in their spelling workbooks.
Students are to write solfege syllables in the text for all assigned text singing.
Students are to write the examinations in the classroom.
Students are to write their own programs.
Students are to write third and final draft of historical summaries.
Students are to write two rhyming words for each word in the list.
Students are to write unit tests and final exams without the use of books, notes or reference aids.
Students are to write, e-mail, or call to acquire more information concerning their country.
Students are to write, test, and debug five computer programs.
Students are tolerant of others contributions.
Students are too busy analyzing cases to create scenarios on their own.
Students are too busy looking for jobs.
Students are too busy with other things early in the class.
Students are too concerned about grades rather than what they get out of a course.
Students are too concerned about grades rather than what they get out of courses.
Students are too far behind.
Students are too lazy sometimes, and there are some who like to copy from others all the time.
Students are too nice on the Web.
Students are too pressed for time when they come to class.
Students are too short to be seen by the bus driver when they walk too close to the bus.
Students are traditionally the most frequent users and innovators on the web.
Students are trained in methods.
Students are trained in sample techniques.
Students are trained in techniques.
Students are truly excited about learning.
Students are truly gifts.
Students are truly partners with the faculty in running the department and production season.
Students are typically from the local area and they tend to stay in the area.
Students are typically incapable of integrating memorized concepts into different contexts.
Students are typically junior level.
Students are typically juniors and seniors, and represent a variety of academic majors.
Students are typically very honest.
Students are ultimately responsible for all costs associated with their registration.
Students are ultimately responsible for applying.
Students are ultimately responsible for changes in their enrollment status.
Students are ultimately responsible for materials.
Students are ultimately responsible for monitoring their own progress throughout the program.
Students are ultimately responsible for reaching their goals.
Students are ultimately responsible for searching and finding own sources.
Students are ultimately responsible for securing their internship employment.
Students are ultimately responsible for taking the proper courses leading to a degree.
Students are ultimately responsible for their actions in accessing the network services.
Students are ultimately responsible for their own education, including the retention of knowledge.
Students are ultimately responsible for their own employment.
Students are ultimately responsible for their own learning.
Students are ultimately responsible for their progression through the program.
Students are ultimately responsible for themselves.
Students are unable to build arguments based on evidence.
Students are unable to change their password for the e-mail system from the Account Management Page.
Students are unable to concentrate on education without adequate food, reports say.
Students are unable to find a time when they can meet with their groups.
Students are unable to go to university.
Students are unable to list or modify the compiled lessons.
Students are unable to log in to online courses until the first week of class.
Students are unable to qualitatively discriminate between slopes.
Students are unable to register for future semesters as long as they have a past due balance.
Students are unable to schedule all of their content courses into a four-year program.
Students are unable to schedule appointments in advance and are often forced to miss classes.
Students are unable to take the project course at the same time as doing internship.
Students are unable to work, attend classes, write exams, study or prepare assignments.
Students are unaccustomed to authoritative teachers.
Students are unanimously enthusiastic about the computers.
Students are unaware that they can make double-sided prints of electronic reserve material.
Students are unaware where available parking is located.
Students are uncertain of the law's effectiveness.
Students are uncomfortable evaluating work of their peers.
Students are uncomfortable on third and fourth floors where it is quiet.
Students are uncomfortable with a professor who becomes overly friendly.
Students are under a lot of pressure to pass the test.
Students are under constant supervision during the hours of instruction.
Students are under greater pressure to succeed.
Students are under more and more pressure over tests and exams.
Students are under more pressure to perform and are preparing for exams and writing papers.
Students are under no military obligation during their first two years in the program.
Students are under no obligation to continue to work for the sponsoring company.
Students are under no obligation to purchase their textbooks.
Students are under the academic standards and codes of their primary college.
Students are under the authority of the teacher.
Students are under the direction of on-site personnel.
Students are under the jurisdiction of the school while at the bus stop and while riding the bus.
Students are under the stress of travelling and are far from their usual support.
Students are under the supervision of a qualified coach at all times.
Students are under the supervision of an on-site supervisor and an academic advisor.
Students are under the supervision of instructors.
Students are under the supervision of qualified adult counselors.
Students are under the supervision of the teacher at all times.
Students are under the tuition, rates and fees of the catalogue of their acceptance.
Students are understandably busy and come and go with regularity.
Students are understandably concerned about their safety on a college campus away from home.
Students are understandably enthusiastic about the process.
Students are unfamiliar with numerical methods, but are well acquainted with matrix operations.
Students are unhappy about campus parking.
Students are unhappy now.
Students are unhappy with the state of schedule advising.
Students are unhappy.
Students are unique individuals that develop at their own pace.
Students are unique individuals with a variety of learning styles.
Students are unlikely to choose a wrong answer.
Students are unlikely to find the financial aid section of the book to be very useful.
Students are unmotivated, absence is high and senior level back up is non-existent.
Students are unprepared for further study or professional endeavors.
Students are unruly and unmotivated.
Students are unwelcome for obvious saf ety reasons.
Students are unwilling to do the hard work necessary to use their minds as fully as they can.
Students are upper-division undergraduates or graduate students.
Students are upset because a professor assigns a reading written by a white supremacist.
Students are upset by wrong predictions.
Students are upset that prices are so high.
Students are upset, but protesting involves work so they decide to just lay down and take it.
Students are upset.
Students are urged to participate, get involved, be active citizens.
Students are urged to take advantage of opportunities to perform and to listen to others perform.
Students are urgedto read the text prior to the presentation of each chapter of the text.
Students are urges to take at least one semester of a language course.
Students are used for classrooms.
Students are used for help.
Students are used for homework.
Students are used for schools.
Students are used for teaching.
Students are used for universities.
Students are usually a treasure trove of trivial facts.
Students are usually able to choose from a wide variety of courses.
Students are usually able to obtain their first or second internship choice.
Students are usually already qualified in either 'home', 'consumer' or 'applied' science.
Students are usually available to fly in the afternoons and on weekends.
Students are usually away during their second to last year of their program.
Students are usually eager to know how they did on a test.
Students are usually eager to participate but preparation is essential.
Students are usually eager to submit their taxes each spring to see if they get money back.
Students are usually eligible when they attain sophomore standing.
Students are usually familiar with and have interest in events occurring in their own environment.
Students are usually here for four years, and then on their way.
Students are usually in class in the morning and work in the afternoon.
Students are usually in psychology, sociology or political science.
Students are usually more attentive to variant fast-paced instruction .
Students are usually more comfortable in approaching fellow students for advice.
Students are usually more engaged in their learning when using the internet or CD-ROMs.
Students are usually more motivated and engaged when their instructor participates.
Students are usually nice to work with, as well.
Students are usually on their feet conversing or role-playing.
Students are usually reluctant to evaluate each other's work in public.
Students are usually reluctant to report cheating incidents.
Students are usually responsible for travel and personal expenses.
Students are usually the best judges of the quality of the courses they have taken.
Students are usually tired and hungry with lots of homework to do before the next day.
Students are usually very eager to work on their own by using computers.
Students are usually very keen to make modifications to improve their design.
Students are usually very proud of their work.
Students are valuable intervention consultants.
Students are valuable part-time employees who make significant contributions to campus operations.
Students are verbal and demonstrate skills at a kindergarten level.
Students are very academically-minded.
Students are very angry.
Students are very appreciative.
Students are very aware that certain professors don t like other professors.
Students are very competitive and want to be the one with the most rewards.
Students are very competitive compared to other institutions.
Students are very concerned about grades.
Students are very concerned about printing costs.
Students are very concerned with obtaining proper guidance for thesis work.
Students are very determined and have a strong desire to succeed at school.
Students are very devoted to their sports, and always make it a priority to get to practice.
Students are very different in their ability to do analysis.
Students are very diverse in age and interests, and come from all parts of the world.
Students are very eager and respectful.
Students are very eager to discuss their particular points of view.
Students are very enthusiastic about the apartments.
Students are very enthusiastic about the portfolio program.
Students are very excited to become more active members of the local community.
Students are very excited to learn keyboarding skills, or to enrich existing skills.
Students are very excited to start their jobs, receive their paychecks, and go shopping.
Students are very focused at that time, never falling asleep under a busy condition.
Students are very focused on one area of research.
Students are very good.
Students are very helpful.
Students are very inquisitive.
Students are very interested in owls, robbins, cardinals, and other common birds found in the area.
Students are very interested in the internet and spend a lot of their free time surfing.
Students are very inventive regarding cheating.
Students are very involved as choreographers for the concert.
Students are very involved at our school.
Students are very knowledgeable about gun control issues.
Students are very limited on what they can explore.
Students are very much encouraged to pursue their own interests.
Students are very much in control of their learning.
Students are very open to receive help.
Students are very perceptive.
Students are very pleased with the faculty.
Students are very quick to criticize.
Students are very quick to see through pretense.
Students are very realistic.
Students are very safe and well chaperoned.
Students are very sensitive about writing, too.
Students are very sensitive to comments from advisors about their academic ability.
Students are very serious about what they're doing.
Students are very successful and many say they liked math for the first time.
Students are very trusting here because they view it like home.
Students are very uninformed about financial aid at the high school level.
Students are very welcome to attend.
Students are very welcome to see staff personally.
Students are very welcome.
Students are very willing and eager to help.
Students are very worried about standardized tests.
Students are video taped while being interviewed by a professional counselor.
Students are videotapedand given individual feedback.
Students are view as thinkers with emerging theories about the world.
Students are vigilant in the fight for equality and clearly understand the power of their vote.
Students are visible in all areas of our school community.
Students are visibly excited about reading.
Students are visual learners.
Students are vital to the success of the meeting.
Students are volunteers.
Students are warehouses of information, but never forget the cardinal rule above.
Students are weak in illustrating their viewpoints with the aid of some diagrams.
Students are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Students are welcome and encouraged to collaborate in thinking about the study questions.
Students are welcome and encouraged to interact with faculty members at any time.
Students are welcome and encouraged to set up conferences at mutually convenient times.
Students are welcome and encouraged to take all of the courses.
Students are welcome as well as anyone who wants to learn the profession.
Students are welcome at all area churches.
Students are welcome at all levels of experience.
Students are welcome at all parties and social functions on either campus.
Students are welcome at any time during the school day.
Students are welcome at any time for any purpose.
Students are welcome at the Annual Meeting, for both presentations and to attend other sessions.
Students are welcome before and after school and between classes without a pass.
Students are welcome before and after school.
Students are welcome by faculty and residence.
Students are welcome check on the status of their grades throughout the semester.
Students are welcome during lunch with a pass from a teacher as well as before and after school.
Students are welcome from any department.
Students are welcome if sponsored by a teacher.
Students are welcome IF they have previous experience.
Students are welcome in the library before and after school and during lunch periods.
Students are welcome in the media center before and after school, between classes, and during lunch.
Students are welcome on a space available basis.
Students are welcome on both a drop-in basis and with prior appointments.
Students are welcome regardless of creed, denomination, race, color, nationality, or handicap.
Students are welcome regardless of their background, experience, or previous educational experience.
Students are welcome there on both a drop-in basis and with prior appointments.
Students are welcome throughout the day to visit the library for research and to borrow materials.
Students are welcome throughout the day.
Students are welcome throughout the school day for book selection.
Students are welcome to accelerate the pace if they wish to do so and if they are able to do so.
Students are welcome to add more words to their dictionaries.
Students are welcome to add their own contributions to the list.
Students are welcome to add their own legislation with the instructors permission.
Students are welcome to apply at any time during the semester.
Students are welcome to apply at any time.
Students are welcome to apply for any for which they meet the qualifications.
Students are welcome to apply for extra examination dates.
Students are welcome to apply for research fellowships.
Students are welcome to apply.
Students are welcome to ask questions for their school papers.
Students are welcome to attend all field trips if space is available.
Students are welcome to attend all functions.
Students are welcome to attend any of the day's events.
Students are welcome to attend any of the workshops as scheduled.
Students are welcome to attend as many as they like.
Students are welcome to attend as many sessions as needed to resolve their issues.
Students are welcome to attend at a greatly reduced rate.
Students are welcome to attend at a special discounted rate.
Students are welcome to attend class in person or listen to the lectures later during the week.
Students are welcome to attend classes during the fall and spring semesters.
Students are welcome to attend courses in Knoxville during any semester or Summer session.
Students are welcome to attend during a free period or with a pre-signed pass from their teacher.
Students are welcome to attend for a minimum period of two weeks to one year in duration.
Students are welcome to attend free of charge.
Students are welcome to attend if there are slots available.
Students are welcome to attend Internet and email classes .
Students are welcome to attend meetings and participate in all activities.
Students are welcome to attend regular case conferences, journal clubs and observation clinics.
Students are welcome to attend strictly as observers.
Students are welcome to attend the Appeals Meeting.
Students are welcome to attend the luncheon.
Students are welcome to attend the seminar without formally registering for the seminar.
Students are welcome to attend with a parent.
Students are welcome to attend with an adult.
Students are welcome to attend without admission charge.
Students are welcome to attend.
Students are welcome to bake together or on their own.
Students are welcome to borrow videotapes , brochures , literature, posters, flip charts and models.
Students are welcome to bring a bag lunch.
Students are welcome to bring a rough draft or just ideas and questions.
Students are welcome to bring a snack to eat during the mid-morning break.
Students are welcome to bring additional furnishings, including lamps, chairs, and decorations.
Students are welcome to bring an object for analysis.
Students are welcome to bring lunch and remain in the classroom after lecture if they choose.
Students are welcome to bring lunch to the meeting.
Students are welcome to bring lunches from home as well.
Students are welcome to bring their lunches.
Students are welcome to bring their own art supplies to class.
Students are welcome to bring their own circuits for verification.
Students are welcome to bring their own computers to campus.
Students are welcome to bring their own equipment to class.
Students are welcome to bring their own laptop to lab.
Students are welcome to bring their own personal computers.
Students are welcome to bring their personal computers.
Students are welcome to browse and enjoy the wide array of reading materials.
Students are welcome to browse or shop at the end of their docent tour.
Students are welcome to browse.
Students are welcome to build upon data gathering undertaken in other contexts, such as summer jobs.
Students are welcome to call and make an appointment to speak with a RAIC advisor.
Students are welcome to call at the home and school numbers listed on first page.
Students are welcome to call home evenings and weekends.
Students are welcome to call in for more information.
Students are welcome to call or browse for information related to health topics.
Students are welcome to check on the status of their grades throughout the semester.
Students are welcome to check- out books every day.
Students are welcome to check out items at their convenience.
Students are welcome to choose their own lab partners.
Students are welcome to come and sing, read poetry and present other talents.
Students are welcome to come and talk at any time.
Students are welcome to come anytime to browse or to take out books.
Students are welcome to come at any hour to listen to and participate in the ongoing discussion.
Students are welcome to come back to the school when they are ready to follow the rules.
Students are welcome to come by and learn more about available scholarships.
Students are welcome to come by at other times.
Students are welcome to come for extra help.
Students are welcome to come for refreshments and an opportunity to ask questions.
Students are welcome to come in and browse, do research, or to check out a book.
Students are welcome to come in and explore and spend time reading.
Students are welcome to come late or leave early, as necessary.
Students are welcome to come to the library and use the textbooks to do their homework.
Students are welcome to come to the library at recess, lunch and after school.
Students are welcome to come whenever they want.
Students are welcome to come without a pass before and after school.
Students are welcome to compete for a half-tuition scholarships.
Students are welcome to consult our extensive files for suggested research topics.
Students are welcome to consult with the professor on any aspect of the course.
Students are welcome to contact the advisor at any time during the semester.
Students are welcome to contact the office by telephone or come by in person.
Students are welcome to contact the office for any assistance in acquiring an internship for credit.
Students are welcome to contribute stories, poetry, or news about their towns or schools.
Students are welcome to defer entry for a year.
Students are welcome to discuss any course problems with the course coordinator.
Students are welcome to discuss any matter about their finances with the finances officer.
Students are welcome to discuss drafts of assignments before the deadlines during office hours.
Students are welcome to discuss or work with others on the assignments.
Students are welcome to discuss possible areas with the instructor.
Students are welcome to discuss their ideas about their papers with instructors or others.
Students are welcome to discuss their specific application with our engineering professionals.
Students are welcome to drop by anytime.
Students are welcome to drop by the office and schedule an intake appointment.
Students are welcome to drop by without appointments, or appointments can be scheduled in advance.
Students are welcome to drop in anytime.
Students are welcome to drop in at their leisure.
Students are welcome to drop in during any of the group study sessions which are held weekly.
Students are welcome to drop in during clinic hours.
Students are welcome to drop in during the above hours.
Students are welcome to drop in or make an appointment to discuss their writing concerns.
Students are welcome to drop in to the office for advice, help and assistance.
Students are welcome to drop in with questions on lecture topics or sample problems.
Students are welcome to drop in.
Students are welcome to drop into the chaplaincy for a chat and a cuppa, or for counselling.
Students are welcome to eat, sleep, and sit in the sukkah at any time.
Students are welcome to enroll in creative writing workshops each semester.
Students are welcome to enroll in more than one honors course.
Students are welcome to explore test-out opportunities to earn credits.
Students are welcome to explore the internet on their own to discover sites related to our course.
Students are welcome to find their own work opportunities on campus.
Students are welcome to hang out and study.
Students are welcome to help identify appropriate clinical sites.
Students are welcome to inquire about research opportunities.
Students are welcome to inquire about their grade on an examination at any time.
Students are welcome to invite a friend to take their place if they are unable to attend the class.
Students are welcome to invite family, friends, and ISU faculty to their demonstrations.
Students are welcome to invite practicum supervisors to attend.
Students are welcome to join anytime.
Students are welcome to join at any time during the academic year .
Students are welcome to join at any time during the semester.
Students are welcome to join at the beginning of each new session and continue as long as they wish.
Students are welcome to join in area worship services.
Students are welcome to join in on any of their programs of research.
Students are welcome to join ongoing groups.
Students are welcome to join the committee.
Students are welcome to join the flourishing postgraduate medical education activities.
Students are welcome to join the group to work in any relevant areas.
Students are welcome to join various kinds of activities organized by the university.
Students are welcome to join.
Students are welcome to leave their equipment on the premises for the duration of the course.
Students are welcome to listen to and question the candidates.
Students are welcome to make an office appointment to review quiz results.
Students are welcome to make appointments as well.
Students are welcome to make appointments to discuss personal issues.
Students are welcome to make arrangements for individual counseling and assistance.
Students are welcome to make contact with their religious representatives at any time.
Students are welcome to make recommendations for purchase.
Students are welcome to make suggestions about additions to the readings.
Students are welcome to make their own copies.
Students are welcome to make travel arrangements independently.
Students are welcome to meet our current articling students, associates, partners and staff.
Students are welcome to meet with the instructor at any time during the semester.
Students are welcome to order more if necessary.
Students are welcome to park in the adjacent parking ramp.
Students are welcome to participate and learn directly from the experts.
Students are welcome to participate in a number of museum related activities.
Students are welcome to participate in any of the ongoing projects.
Students are welcome to participate in pulling the nets.
Students are welcome to participate in such projects as their time permits.
Students are welcome to participate in the entire series or just the workshops that are of interest.
Students are welcome to participate in theatrical offerings, either on stage or in the wings.
Students are welcome to participate.
Students are welcome to petition to be moved into more or less-advanced sections.
Students are welcome to post messages relating to the class to the bulletin board.
Students are welcome to preview their courses choices and research their interests.
Students are welcome to print the pages of the course.
Students are welcome to propose any interesting topics.
Students are welcome to propose research in connection with any of the above.
Students are welcome to propose topics related to toroidal confinement.
Students are welcome to read and sign the petition.
Students are welcome to refer to our information calendars and prospectuses.
Students are welcome to register for both sessions.
Students are welcome to repeat any of the classes also at no charge.
Students are welcome to repeat the course at no charge.
Students are welcome to request an interview to discuss their application.
Students are welcome to reserve a computer in advance or use one on a drop-in basis.
Students are welcome to return in the summer months to participate in workshops and house sites.
Students are welcome to review all listings.
Students are welcome to review it.
Students are welcome to review old exams in the instructor's office.
Students are welcome to schedule appointments by e-mail.
Students are welcome to self-fund other projects of their own interest.
Students are welcome to share personal experiences.
Students are welcome to share their ideas with their elected representatives.
Students are welcome to shop and dine in the area.
Students are welcome to shop when their tour has been completed.
Students are welcome to show parents around their new classrooms.
Students are welcome to sit in the library before and after class.
Students are welcome to spend a day, or part of a day, visiting classes.
Students are welcome to stay and participate.
Students are welcome to stay on campus for an overnight visit.
Students are welcome to stop by any time.
Students are welcome to stop by anytime.
Students are welcome to stop by to give the scanner a test.
Students are welcome to stop by, no appointment is necessary.
Students are welcome to stop by, relax, and have some pleasant conversation.
Students are welcome to stop by.
Students are welcome to stop in and chat.
Students are welcome to stop in the office and view the book.
Students are welcome to stop into the center any time, regardless of the reason.
Students are welcome to study as long as space is available.
Students are welcome to study the course without taking the written examination.
Students are welcome to submit fun recipes and other ideas too for the Reporter.
Students are welcome to submit preliminary drafts prior to the due date.
Students are welcome to submit preliminary drafts.
Students are welcome to suggest additional topics.
Students are welcome to suggest links and to submit their own postings.
Students are welcome to suggest new intern locations.
Students are welcome to suggest other topics as warranted by legislative activity.
Students are welcome to suggest others.
Students are welcome to suggest their own projects.
Students are welcome to take as many books as they wish.
Students are welcome to take available courses at any campus in any format.
Students are welcome to take both exams if they so desire.
Students are welcome to take either part or all of the sequence.
Students are welcome to take the key and photocopy it.
Students are welcome to talk quietly to other students.
Students are welcome to talk with each other about homework assignments.
Students are welcome to tape classes if it helps their practice.
Students are welcome to tape lectures if they desire.
Students are welcome to tour the building, meet faculty, staff, students and parents.
Students are welcome to use electronic media in the preparation and submission of their work.
Students are welcome to use facilities.
Students are welcome to use our answers and our resource lists.
Students are welcome to use the building and the unreserved rooms for quiet socializing or study.
Students are welcome to use the center for five hours a semester.
Students are welcome to use the collection for primary source research.
Students are welcome to use the computers and scanners for scanning and image work.
Students are welcome to use the facilities any time during the posted hours.
Students are welcome to use the facilities to learn more of the Muslim faith.
Students are welcome to use the facilities whenever there are no classes scheduled.
Students are welcome to use the facility for individual or group study.
Students are welcome to use the following presentations as samples for consideration.
Students are welcome to use the gym for pick up basketball games and intramurals.
Students are welcome to use the library at any time the library is open.
Students are welcome to use the library but are encouraged to come when a librarian is available.
Students are welcome to use the library during the above hours.
Students are welcome to use the library for research, quiet study, and leisurely reading.
Students are welcome to use the library's resources when on campus.
Students are welcome to use the lounge in between or after classes.
Students are welcome to use the phone for brief calls - no longer than five minutes.
Students are welcome to use the room whenever it is open.
Students are welcome to use the school telephones for calls which are related to school business.
Students are welcome to use their printed music.
Students are welcome to utilise any of the services on any campus.
Students are welcome to utilize the library's resources when on campus.
Students are welcome to visit and learn about the interesting world of amateur radio.
Students are welcome to visit anytime during normal business hours.
Students are welcome to visit individually or in groups.
Students are welcome to visit often.
Students are welcome to visit other area libraries if necessary.
Students are welcome to visit the booth to ask questions and collect information.
Students are welcome to visit the center on school field trips.
Students are welcome to visit the college.
Students are welcome to visit the greenhouse to develop projects, and re-pot and cultivate plants.
Students are welcome to visit the health office to discuss health-related issues.
Students are welcome to visit the office and pick up informational handouts.
Students are welcome to visit the office and read the board.
Students are welcome to visit the office anytime and meet the staff.
Students are welcome to visit the office at any time to speak with staff.
Students are welcome to walk-in or call for information.
Students are welcome to watch the films on rented videotapes by making all arrangements themselves.
Students are welcome to work given they meet the requirements.
Students are welcome to work in both the performance and technical areas of a production.
Students are welcome to work in groups.
Students are welcome to work together in preparing their answers.
Students are welcome to work together, exchange ideas, etc.
Students are welcome to worship at churches and temples of various religious traditions.
Students are welcome to'drop in' at anytime, or make appointment.
Students are welcome, but sessions are limited to four participants.
Students are welcome, however, to make arrangements for their own accommodations.
Students are welcome.
Students are well advised to take advantage of as many services and resources as possible.
Students are well aware of our existence.
Students are well aware of the brokenness in the world.
Students are well aware of the cost of business-school education.
Students are well aware of the political, social and economical situation in their own country.
Students are well aware that the sun is a source of light.
Students are well disciplined and safe.
Students are well disciplined, and the relationship between staff and students is exceptional.
Students are well informed, and can usually write and speak well.
Students are well prepared and enjoy the laboratory oriented program.
Students are well prepared for further graduate work or careers related to sport psychology.
Students are well prepared for graduate study.
Students are well prepared for their next level of work.
Students are well prepared for transition into high school and ultimately college.
Students are well-advised to work hard in preparing a strong writing sample.
Students are well-behaved, caring, and excited about learning.
Students are well-prepared for careers in health, government, academics, and industry.
Students are well-prepared for their internships through the mentoring component.
Students are well-prepared to be successful as they continue into the higher grade levels.
Students are well-prepared to enter selective colleges across the country.
Students are well-prepared to work in either public or private school setings.
Students are well-represented in program completion while at the community colleges.
Students are well-rounded, with required courses within liberal arts, math, and the sciences.
Students are well-served by the integration of skills and concepts across the curriculum.
Students are well-supervised before, during and after school.
Students are well-supervised with a fully qualified staff.
Students are well-supported, which permits and encourages graduation in a timely manner.
Students are well-versed on the dangers of guns in their homes and schools.
Students are what a university is all about.
Students are what block scheduling is all about.
Students are what it's all about.
Students are what the university is all about.
Students are whole persons.
Students are willing to acquire the skills required to achieve the project outcome.
Students are willing to approach teachers for advice or help.
Students are willing to examine ideas that are contrary to their own beliefs.
Students are willing to invest more time than money in electronic reserve systems.
Students are willing to pay a premium for the convenience of learning on line.
Students are willing to receive information and respond to it.
Students are willing to work hard, they hate to work on trivial assignments, but .
Students are willing to work hard, they, but , hate to work on trivial assignments.
Students are willing, able and active contributors to their community.
Students are willing, able, and active contributors to their community.
Students are wired, there's no doubting that.
Students are wise to know well in advance exactly what their preferred colleges require.
Students are with a partner on a football field.
Students are woefully ignorant of technology.
Students are wonderful to work with.
Students are wonderful, they really are.
Students are wonderful.
Students are workers.
Students are workers.
Students are worried about being able to use the library at night.
Students are worried about their future.
Students are young and impressionable.
Students are young and naive.
Students are young seeds with vast opportunities to grow in many directions.
Students are, after all, the purchasers of education.
Students are, again, turning up in record numbers to hear intellectuals and politicians mix it up.
Students are, as a result shortchanged.
Students are, for the most part, visual learners.
Students are, however, always compared to the current pool of applicants.
Students are, however, encouraged to apply prior to registration for the last semester.
Students are, however, encouraged to bring tools, materials and supplies from home.
Students are, however, encouraged to consult a concentration advisor at any time.
Students are, however, encouraged to select interdisciplinary thesis topics.
Students are, however, encouraged to take more than one year of language study.
Students are, however, encouraged to undertake homestays wherever they become available.
Students are, however, fully responsible for all material presented in lectures.
Students are, however, required to apply separately for licensure and certification upon graduation.
Students are, however, responsible for maintaining established standards of academic performance.
Students are, however, responsible for transportation to and from campus and for their own lunch.
Students are, however, subject to all national, state and local laws and ordinances.
Students are, in addition, encouraged to elect additional hours in both major and small ensembles.
Students are, in effect, customizing their own educations.
Students are, of course, encouraged to take more as their schedules permit, and most do.
Students are, of course, encouraged to take more courses than the minimum.
Students are, of course, encouraged to take more than the minimum required courses.
Students are, of course, free to put it on each slide if they prefer.
Students are, of course, free to tailor their own mixes and choices of electives if they so desire.
Students are, of course, free to use any equipment they like for their work during the year.
Students are, of course, our primary focus.
Students are, of course, recommended to use a university library for all but short assignments.
Students are, of course, required to review a wide range of reading materials.
Students are, of course, responsible for all material in all classes.
Students are, of course, subject to the same reading requirements as at any law school.
Students are, of course, under no obligation to sign.
Students are, of course.
Students are, then, placed according to the results of the retest.
Students are, therefore, able to apply what they learn from one day to the next.
Students are, therefore, also participants in the knowledge creation process.
Students are, therefore, encouraged to carry their own homeowner's or renter s insurance.
Students are, therefore, encouraged to carry their own homeowner's or renter's insurance.
Students are, therefore, encouraged to carry their own personal property insurance.
Students are, therefore, introduced to the investigative methods employed by working chemists.
Students are, therefore, urged to arrive with travelers checks.
Students are, therefore, urged to seek advice on any points of doubt.
Students areher favorite part of teaching.
Students are-responsible for all the material discussed in class.
Students argue cases before a faculty member and an audience of student spectators.
Students argue criminal and civil cases before faculty and members of the bench and bar.
Students argue furiously.
Students argue that test taking tips and strategies offered in prep courses are invaluable.
Students arrange a biology senior honors banquet and roast.
Students arrange a blood drive at the school.
Students arrange a scrambled story in correct order, then give the main ideas.
Students arrange additional time to work on their individual projects.
Students arrange all the artifacts, etc. in the box.
Students arrange and pay for their own transportation to Germany and meals in Germany.
Students arrange approval of course work with their adviser and committee.
Students arrange characters and events in the mystery.
Students arrange clinical placements on an independent basis with the instructor.
Students arrange designs on a pot.
Students arrange for and interview with three potential sponsors from the list.
Students arrange for employment interviews or participate in conferences previously inaccessible.
Students arrange for proctored testing close to home.
Students arrange independent study projects with individual instructors.
Students arrange information into a logical sequence of events.
Students arrange Insurance and travel.
Students arrange internship opportunity and coordinate award of credit with faculty member.
Students arrange interviews for the sites they're interested in.
Students arrange interviews with mentors.
Students arrange long distance services through their own carrier.
Students arrange mentor-led seminar sessions.
Students arrange own housing with assistance from the resident director.
Students arrange own housing, usually dorms or apartments.
Students arrange own housing, usually student housing or apartments.
Students arrange own housing.
Students arrange own travel from Ecuador to Chile and back to the United States.
Students arrange petals to match the labeled colors of the flower.
Students arrange phrases into correct sentences.
Students arrange second set of coins in a column by value from largest to smallest.
Students arrange the cutouts in serial order from shortest to tallest.
Students arrange the food labels they collected on a piece of poster board or construction paper.
Students arrange the life stages in order.
Students arrange the mirrors so they see exactly three images.
Students arrange the object in alphabetical order and write down the correct order.
Students arrange the pictures from the oldest building to the newest, as best they can.
Students arrange the pictures into groups that are related.
Students arrange the placement themselves, in discussion with their lecturers.
Students arrange the tapes in serial order from shortest to longest on a representational graph.
Students arrange their hours of attendance with instructor.
Students arrange their interviews by contacting the institutions of their choice, directly.
Students arrange their notes in sequence so that they are able to solve the space mission.
Students arrange their own housing.
Students arrange their own individual therapy weekly in accordance with professional requirements.
Students arrange their own internship programs in consultation with faculty.
Students arrange their own internships.
Students arrange their own interviews.
Students arrange their own return travel.
Students arrange their own schedules under the close supervision and guidance of advisors.
Students arrange their own social activities and recreation.
Students arrange their own teams.
Students arrange their own time to care for their projects during the week.
Students arrange their own times and activities to meet.
Students arrange their own transportation as needed.
Students arrange their own transportation, no class credit is assigned.
Students arrange their own transportation.
Students arrange their own vacation travel in India.
Students arrange their programs and schedules of appropriate courses with their major adviser.
Students arrange their programs individually in consultation with their departmental advisors.
Students arrange their schedules so that they can spend enough time working outside of class.
Students arrange their service by contacting the telephone companies directly.
Students arrange their specific programs with the instructor.
Students arrange their study schedules and study the number of hours per day that they wish.
Students arrange themselves in order to form the correct problem.
Students arrange themselves so they are sitting between a hot and a cold bowl.
Students arrange to meet with the instructor independently.
Students arrange to work with a certified school counselor in a local school district.
Students arrange to work with a certified school counselor in their local school district.
Students arrange with individual faculty members to study literature outside the regular curriculum.
Students arrend regularly scheduled classes on campus.
Students arrive and enter building.
Students arrive and leave on school-arranged transportation with their assigned work for the day.
Students arrive and prepare for news.
Students arrive approximately one week in advance of classes for orientation.
Students arrive at a solution through consensus.
Students arrive at CCES with their own unique personalities, backgrounds, hopes and dreams.
Students arrive at different times throughout the year for varying program lengths.
Students arrive at doors.
Students arrive at school in plenty of time for classes.
Students arrive at school.
Students arrive at the interview with a completed application.
Students arrive at the school very needy.
Students arrive at their projects in a variety of ways.
Students arrive at universities with a broad range of math backgrounds.
Students arrive at Webb hoping to make their mark on the school.
Students arrive by ambulances, handicap-equipped buses and vans, and private cars.
Students arrive by bus from the local schools.
Students arrive dressed for success, ready to learn.
Students arrive early and rush in as the doors open.
Students arrive early for a last-minute cram walk around the garden, in full spring bloom.
Students arrive from all over Europe to study on the Isle of Saints and Scholars .
Students arrive from Maine to Oregon, Minnesota to New Mexico, from big cities and small towns.
Students arrive from public schools with a wide range of abilities.
Students arrive fully insured and with their own spending money.
Students arrive in classroom one morning to find all of the village people in and around one house.
Students arrive in Fairbanks.
Students arrive in Montreal, find out their apartments are terrible and wonder what they can do.
Students arrive in Switzerland on their way to Greece and Rome.
Students arrive in the classroom today with a wide range of personal experiences.
Students arrive in the classroom with a variety of skills and life experiences.
Students arrive in the classroom.
Students arrive knowing there are zero-tolerance rules on drinking and smoking in the dorm.
Students arrive late and leave early in order to get to their next class.
Students arrive often knowing no-one here and with no family on hand for support.
Students arrive older.
Students arrive on campus for a special international student orientation.
Students arrive on campus today questioning if one life can make a difference.
Students arrive on full size handicap equipped buses.
Students arrive on our campuses with their computers in hand.
Students arrive on our doorsteps vastly different from one another.
Students arrive to class after the tardy bell rings and after the teacher has completed taking roll.
Students arrive to class before the tardy bell rings.
Students arrive to class on time.
Students arrive to study any one of eight different foreign languages.
Students arrive with an unbelievable amount of energy and focus.
Students arrive with completed draft of second documented essay for evaluation by writer's groups.
Students arrive with completed draft of third documented essay for evaluation by writer's groups.
Students arrive with potential, they leave with potential.
Students arrive with spending money for gifts and entertainment.
Students arrive with spending money for necessities and entertainment.
Students arrive with their newly revised personal statements in hand.
Students arriving after roll has been called are late.
Students arriving at the airport are responsible for their own transportation.
Students arriving close to the same time often share the week's rental of a car.
Students arriving late are a major distraction to fellow students and the faculty.
Students arriving late are responsible for notifying the instructor at the end of class.
Students arriving late for class are responsible for reporting their attendance.
Students arriving late for class are responsible for reporting to their chain of command.
Students arriving late have less time to complete the exam.
Students arriving late or leaving the room during class are an undue distraction.
Students arriving late to school can either have their parent call or bring a note.
Students arriving late to the laboratory forfeit their opportunity to take the quiz .
Students arriving tardy are responsible to sign the attendance log and to indicate their tardiness.
Students articulate and test their individual design philosophies in studio discussion.
Students articulate multiple viewpoints about philosophical issues associated with art.
Students articulate their conceptual and expressive strengths through their practice.
Students ask a lot of questions, but their exploration is limited by a mandatory point of reference.
Students ask a mathematician how to find a solution to a particular problem.
Students ask about it.
Students ask about the task using speech recognition.
Students ask administrators to make campus more commuter friendly.
Students ask an artist about a certain technique.
Students ask an author about a particular book their class has been studying.
Students ask an employee of a community business about their job.
Students ask and answer each other's questions.
Students ask and answer questions involving quantity derived from pictures or situations.
Students ask as many questions about the picture as they can think of.
Students ask donors to earmark their contributions for specific student groups.
Students ask each other to arrange the hands of the clock to times appropriate to their ability.
Students ask for more interdisciplinary courses.
Students ask for the teacher's opinions in class.
Students ask instructors.
Students ask more questions .
Students ask more questions and require more feedback.
Students ask more questions.
Students ask native speakers about current events in the target country.
Students ask other groups their questions.
Students ask physiology instructors.
Students ask prices and information about various objects in a store.
Students ask questions about how to get on and off stage.
Students ask questions about possible allelopathic interactions between the identified plants.
Students ask questions about the assignments.
Students ask questions about the material.
Students ask questions about the test.
Students ask questions about, and comment on, each other's work.
Students ask questions and make valuable contacts during and after the program.
Students ask questions and probe each other's answers from different perspectives.
Students ask questions at least as often as the teacher does.
Students ask questions during lecture either to clarify or to bring in new ideas.
Students ask questions here also but here they supply possible answers.
Students ask questions of peers as frequently as they do of the instructor.
Students ask questions of the teacher and discuss ideas across hundreds of miles.
Students ask questions of two speakers, a liberal and a conservative, who answer in debate format.
Students ask questions requesting information from their pen pals.
Students ask questions that boggle their minds, and geet a real and quick answer from an expert.
Students ask questions that challenge preceptors.
Students ask questions to solve a mystery or puzzle.
Students ask questions, make observations and discuss topics through e-mail.
Students ask questions, see a typical work environment, and make valuable contacts.
Students Ask questions, study hard, and get involved with people.
Students ask questions.
Students ask random people to answer the questions.
Students ask teacher for help.
Students ask teachers questions and receive answers to their questions.
Students ask that learning be relevant to their lives.
Students ask the selected student questions.
Students ask their friends what are their favorite games, music stars, ice cream flavors, and more.
Students ask their instructors questions and submit assignments using e-mail.
Students ask thoughtful questions.
Students ask to learn.
Students ask yes or no questions to determine what is in the bag.
Students ask yes-no questions to determine the identity of the object.
Students asks relevant questions.
Students aspiring to careers related to mathematics, science, or engineering are eligible to apply.
Students aspiring to start their own company, or work for a dot-com upstart, can prepare.
Students assemble a final portfolio to be used for career-development opportunities and needs.
Students assemble a paper collage of a blue crab in an eelgrass environment with sun overhead.
Students assemble a portfolio of work during the course.
Students assemble a portfolio.
Students assemble a zoological collection.
Students assemble and format their stories and layout their electronic newspaper.
Students assemble and optimize sensitive pickup coils that measure small magnetic fields.
Students assemble for morning lessons.
Students assemble in the choir room and proceed to the auditorium for rehearsal.
Students assemble models of mountains and create topographic maps.
Students assemble on the foot bridge after a long day.
Students assemble project portfolios that are reviewed by the design faculty.
Students assemble robot manipulators and write control programs.
Students assemble slabs using scoring and slip.
Students assemble their work into a professional portfolio.
Students assemplbe a portfolio.
Students assert that memorization is uninteresting, and can be overwhelming.
Students assess a variety of unorthodox therapies.
Students assess communities in urban, rural, and remote contexts.
Students assess environmental impacts, reclaim, prevent.
Students assess food safety practices.
Students assess geosketches and final geoportrait.
Students assess harmful effects of drug misuse and abuse.
Students assess historical and contemporary models and theories of leadership.
Students assess how effectively the design problems have been solved.
Students assess how environmentally aware their family is by a point system.
Students assess individual and group performance.
Students assess leadership styles and policy analysis and strategic planning systems.
Students assess local health care system.
Students assess media violence.
Students assess personal fitness levels.
Students assess personal values, improve interpersonal skills and enhance professional competencies.
Students assess published research, design and collect data for a survey.
Students assess results of practices and their relevance to leadership.
Students assess systems and their resources, applications, and utilities.
Students assess the effectiveness of their own poetry and fiction.
Students assess the extent to which the resource is bing used responsibly.
Students assess the government's hesitancy to regulate e-commerce.
Students assess the influence of design decisions on the performance of a computer system.
Students assess the role and involvement of the teacher and other experts in their own learning.
Students assess the uses of rocks and minerals and devise rules for classification.
Students assess the value of fiction in their lives.
Students assess their assertiveness.
Students assess their class following each class with the assistance of class helpers.
Students assess their expectations and evaluate their academic strengths and career goals.
Students assess their learning through portfolios that illustrate growth over time.
Students assess their own interpersonal skills and develop strategies for improvement.
Students assess their own motivations, attitudes and interests.
Students assess their own strengths and weaknesses.
Students assess their own use and are encouraged to consider healthier options.
Students assess their own work and group work.
Students assess their own work or do peer editing before they submit the final copy to the teacher.
Students assess their own work.
Students assess their personal aptitudes, work ethic and interests.
Students assess their professional interests to determine personal development paths.
Students assess their skills and determine basic occupational goals in the first few years.
Students assess their values at the beginning and end of the course and note changes.
Students assess web site strengths and weaknesses, yielding a score.
Students assess writing to learn in large history classes.
Students assess, achieve, and maintain personal fitness levels.
Students assess, diagnose and implement treatment plans with the consent of their supervisors.
Students assessed by their site supervisor can recognize the importance of community service.
Students assign films, film theory, and historical texts and facilitate at least one session.
Students assign the lines in the spectra, calculate for constants, and bond radii.
Students assign the mark allocation within their own group.
Students assigned to regular rooms share a community bathroom.
Students assimilate the material at very different rates.
Students assist adults with mental illness improve social and general life skills.
Students assist community students with keyboard computer.
Students assist each other by observing and analyzing each other's work.
Students assist each other in constructing personal meanings of important content.
Students assist faculty in the instruction of lower-level classes.
Students assist faculty members with new patient assessments and follow up evaluations.
Students assist graduate researchers and in the process are exposed to issues in advanced research.
Students assist in an introductory creative writing class.
Students assist in classroom instruction and conduct specific cultural research.
Students assist in developing and conducting the workshops, and are given the opportunity to attend.
Students assist in freshman registration, orientation, and provide support for Freshman.
Students assist in guiding and educating incoming students during the conference.
Students assist in leading daily chapel services.
Students assist in patient care and perform procedures such as exodontia and biopsy.
Students assist in planning residence hall programs and related activities.
Students assist in planning the course content, methods and requirements.
Students assist in some lower division courses and evaluate teaching philosophies and methodologies.
Students assist in some of the evaluation research projects.
Students assist in the daily husbandry and management of the herd.
Students assist in the daily husbandry and responsibilities of the horses.
Students assist in the daily husbandry and responsibilities of the livestock.
Students assist in the daily tasks of crop production and management.
Students assist in the design and organization of all departmental productions.
Students assist in the grading process by evaluating each other's commercial presentations.
Students assist in the history and examination of patients.
Students assist in the library with check-out and shelving of books.
Students assist in the management of a program of lifetime wellness.
Students assist in the restraint and handling of animals for veterinary procedures.
Students assist instructors in teaching precision and ceremonial drill.
Students assist librarians help patrons with library needs.
Students assist local businesses in tax return prep.
Students assist low-income families in community development and subsistence farming activities.
Students assist on a number of vascular surgical procedures.
Students assist on one of the subcommittees for the group.
Students assist organizations.
Students assist other students in thinking through problems and issues.
Students assist our teachers with public program demonstrations and classroom presentations.
Students assist peers in improving their academic skills.
Students assist peers in improving their skills in remedial mathematics.
Students assist physicians in medical and surgical procedures.
Students assist prosecutors or criminal defense attorneys.
Students assist psychology professor with research or laboratory.
Students assist researchers.
Students assist residents in full autopsy dissections.
Students assist staff in virtually every area of the library.
Students assist students.
Students assist teachers and tutor students at a nearby elementary school.
Students assist technologist with special positions of examinations for above-standard tests.
Students assist the captain and crew with steering the vessel and routine jobs around the ship.
Students assist the crew with halyards and sheets and soon the ship is sailing.
Students assist the editor with correspondence, distribution, and preparation.
Students assist the physician with special procedures and apply life support technology.
Students assist the public in using the telescopes at community programs.
Students assist with current productions in laboratory sessions.
Students assist with daily keeper activities and projects.
Students assist with data gathering procedures.
Students assist with evaluating their own progress in individual conferences with instructor.
Students assist with general maintenance duties and teaching sciences for the children's program.
Students assist with ground breaking including a very special hard hat section.
Students assist with instruction in laboratory and discussion sections of geology courses.
Students assist with management and become artistically involved.
Students assist with mixing glazes and firing.
Students assist with patients for two hours per week.
Students assist with registration tables, welcoming guests and organizing events.
Students assist with social problem-solving situations under the direction of the school counselor.
Students assist with teaching elementary statistics to students in the health sciences.
Students assist with the publication of The Connors Collegian.
Students assist with the teaching of one course during their second year of study.
Students assist with trail maintenance, tree planting, and other landscaping projects.
Students assist with tree planting with the local soil and water conservation district.
Students assist younger children with writing and computer skills.
Students associate certain motions and visual aids with each sound, improving their ability to read.
Students associate themselves with a local church of their choosing for fellowship and service.
Students assume a new identity and become characters in a surprising disappearance story.
Students assume a position within a particular issue.
Students assume a role designed to invite different cognitive perspectives on the text.
Students assume all coordination, responsibility and liability for travel.
Students assume an active role in defining when and how much how deeply they want to learn.
Students assume considerable responsibility for leading discussions and performing demonstrations.
Students assume costs for housing and transportation.
Students assume direct service responsibility using a variety of social work methods and roles.
Students assume final responsibility for completing all course assignments.
Students assume financial and academic responsibility for each registered course.
Students assume full legal and moral responsibility for the content of their Web pages.
Students assume full responsibility for any loss of class content for any absence.
Students assume full responsibility for class and laboratory work missed by class absence.
Students assume full responsibility for class attendance and make-up work after any absence.
Students assume full responsibility for the content and integrity of the academic work they submit.
Students assume greater responsibility for their own learning in an interactive setting.
Students assume historical roles in preparation for group presentations.
Students assume instructional and management responsibilities in supervised high school setting.
Students assume instructional and management responsibilities in supervised settings.
Students assume more independent responsibility for critical analysis of issues.
Students assume more responsibility for glaze mixing and firing of the kilns.
Students assume much more responsibility in the governance of their affairs.
Students assume much of the responsibility for creating their own individualized classroom.
Students assume much of the responsibility of their education.
Students assume personal responsibility.
Students assume primary responsibility for understanding all course material.
Students assume responsibilities for teaching under supervision.
Students assume responsibilities suitable for their level of knowledge and expertise.
Students assume responsibility and are liable for their own actions.
Students assume responsibility for all materials required for the class and computer workspace.
Students assume responsibility for decisions made and act appropriately.
Students assume responsibility for information, assignments and handouts missed due to absence.
Students assume responsibility for intercampus transportation.
Students assume responsibility for learning and personal growth.
Students assume responsibility for learning.
Students assume responsibility for making decisions regarding prices, distribution.
Students assume responsibility for matters of great importance to real clients.
Students assume responsibility for setting and adhering to the guidelines of the floor.
Students assume responsibility for the content and integrity of their academic work.
Students assume responsibility for their own behavior.
Students assume responsibility for their own education.
Students assume responsibility for their own learning.
Students assume responsibility to ensure chapel attendance graduation requirements are met .
Students assume roles as account executives and assistants.
Students assume roles of actual decision makers during an international crisis.
Students assume that admissions seek well-rounded students.
Students assume that all important material is covered in class sessions.
Students assume that open and equitable discussion and critique is the soul of a graduate seminar.
Students assume that universities are free of back stabbing and back biting.
Students assume the characters in each script as they dramatize situations presented.
Students assume the planning and scheduling of all meetings and special events.
Students assume the responsibility for meeting course prerequisites.
Students assume the risk of changes in personal health and affairs.
Students assume the role of a 'beginning professional' in supervised field placement settings.
Students assume the role of a knowledge engineer in developing a rule-based expert system.
Students assume the role of a software developer to complete major application project.
Students assume the role of a third-party candidate for president.
Students assume the role of active decision makers faced with problems confronting scientists.
Students assume the role of educator to the community using previously learned teaching principles.
Students assume the role of historical detective and travel back in time to the turn of the century.
Students assume the role of kitchen manager, dining room manager and general manager.
Students assume the role of paraeducator assisting in the classroom.
Students assume the role of the scientist.
Students assume the roles of executives and staff.
Students assume the roles of lectors, servers, sacristans, musicians and planners.
Students assume the roles of people from all over the world.
Students assume the roles of technical group supervisors in a high-technology organization.
Students assume ultimate responsibility for course selection.
Students assume various positions and responsibilities within the company.
Students attach a resume.
Students attach assignments to email.
Students attach materials to their stacked forms.
Students attach messages to messages.
Students attach old concepts to new ideas as they progress through the problem.
Students attach their assignments to an e-mail.
Students attach their essay to the application.
Students attach their essays and papers to their personal home pages.
Students attach their illustrated adaptations to the banner.
Students attain a degree of proficiency for college use and marketable skills for employment.
Students attain a spot in the national competition by competing in local, regional and state events.
Students attain a spot in the national tournament by competing in local, regional and state events.
Students attain an intermediate level of proficiency in a new language in just nine weeks.
Students attain an intermediate level of proficiency in just nine weeks.
Students attain basic skills in information technology.
Students attain entry-level skills required to enter the diversified electronics industry.
Students attain greater speed, authority, and understanding of the fingerboard.
Students attain maximum academic benefit through regular class attendance.
Students attain technical proficiency in assessment, problem solving, and planning interventions.
Students attaining perfect attendance also receive recognition.
Students attempt explanations of how rocks are made under weight.
Students attempt problems that are presented on the computer screen.
Students attempt puzzles while blindfolded or wearing goggles with layers of plastic wrap.
Students attempt the video software unit, with teacher on hand to answer questions and difficulties.
Students attempt to accomplish their goals and foil their opponents.
Students attempt to apply the knowledge of their own life path.
Students attempt to develop a theological ethic of the environment.
Students attempt to force the paper down by blowing across the top of the paper.
Students attempt to match statements to works.
Students attempt to produce various types of writing in various genres.
Students attempt to put together a camp stretcher.
Students attempt to rectify thesituation.
Students attempt to replicate prehistoric implements.
Students attempt to solve design issues presented to the seminar.
Students attempt to switch all but one square in a grid from white to black.
Students attempt to understand an unclear concept.
Students attempt to write a report, but it is incomplete and the explanations given are confusing.
Students attempting to share common documents have similar experiences.
Students attend a beach party and a field trip to go fishing.
Students attend a class taught by a specially recruited expert in the particular practicum area.
Students attend a combination of small group tutorials and practical classes.
Students attend a comprehensive series of lectures given by experts in the field.
Students attend a daily sectional everyday .
Students attend a detailed orientation in Atlanta prior to departure to India.
Students attend a forensic autopsy.
Students attend a half day for five days per week.
Students attend a half-day program and are accommodated in either a morning or afternoon session.
Students attend a half-day session to pursue specific career interest.
Students attend a lecture class one evening per week and a three-hour screenwriting workshop.
Students attend a lecture on site in Scotland.
Students attend a nine-day institute, and the remainder of the curriculum is available via the web.
Students attend a one hour lecture and a three hour tutorial.
Students attend a one semester, college level, introductory course in psychology.
Students attend a one-hour lecture and two seminars per week.
Students attend a one-hour SI session once per week.
Students attend a P.E. class with a specialist twice a week.
Students attend a related class at school to learn and improve upon business-related skills.
Students attend a required skills demonstration prior to completing the skills set requirements.
Students attend a research essay seminar every other week in the fall and winter terms.
Students attend a research essay seminar in the fall and winter terms.
Students attend a resource classroom for academic enrichment and acceleration one day per week.
Students attend a seminar to discuss research methods and findings.
Students attend a six-day residential school.
Students attend a six-week summer camp upon completion of the first year of the Advanced Course.
Students attend a state district court trial.
Students attend a supervised evening study hall each school night.
Students attend a their own expense.
Students attend a two hour lecture each week followed by hands-on work in small laboratory sections.
Students attend a variety of events from the visual and performing arts as well as special lectures.
Students attend a variety of music, theater, dance and art events.
Students attend a virtual school from the comfort of their own home and learn at their own pace.
Students attend a week long leadership lab with other students throughout the state.
Students attend a weekly chapel service and follow a strict dress code.
Students attend a weekly on-campus research seminar.
Students attend a weekly seminar and teach in the high schools three times a week.
Students attend a weekly seminar of approximately one and one-half hours and tutor in the workshop.
Students attend a weekly seminar to facilitate the process.
Students attend a weekly staff meeting and meet individually with the instructor as necessary.
Students attend a weekly, one hour seminar on campus.
Students attend a weekly, one-hour seminar on campus.
Students attend academic classes and participate in many and various activities on a daily basis.
Students attend after school or summer sessions.
Students attend all classes and complete all projects consistently and exceptionally.
Students attend all classes at an off campus site.
Students attend all classes scheduled for each subject.
Students attend all of their academic classes in a wing dedicated to their grade level.
Students attend all scheduled classes.
Students attend alternate weeks in college and then in placement.
Students attend american universities.
Students attend an eight hour course spread out over four days.
Students attend an informative assembly.
Students attend an interactive telecast lesson once a week hosted by a master teacher.
Students attend an on-site orientation upon arrival in campus.
Students attend an on-site orientation upon arrival in Cologne.
Students attend an on-site orientation upon arrival in Hamilton, New Zealand.
Students attend an on-site orientation upon arrival in London.
Students attend an orientation and job skills training workshops.
Students attend an orientation session on campus, before starting their service.
Students attend an ulpan during the summer before the program begins.
Students attend and analyze live theatre performances.
Students attend and discuss one play per week.
Students attend and participate in all lectures, seminars and film showings.
Students attend and participate in every class meeting unless excused in advance.
Students attend and participate in lectures, field trips, and research assignments.
Students attend and participate in school within the constraints of the migrant work schedule.
Students attend and participate in school, trips, and other activities.
Students attend and present their research at a weekly seminar in developmental psychology.
Students attend and report on mainstage productions.
Students attend and report on main-stage productions.
Students attend and review one museum or gallery exhibit.
Students attend as many classes as they wish each week.
Students attend at the hours and day of their choice.
Students attend at their own expense.
Students attend at their placement two days per week.
Students attend attending a three day orientation which is held the week before classes begin.
Students attend band daily and follow practice contracts.
Students attend basic camp and apply for scholarship without any obligation.
Students attend basketball practice after study hall.
Students attend before their high school entrance exams.
Students attend Belize's leading college and live with carefully selected host families.
Students attend boarding schools for myriad reasons.
Students attend both classes.
Students attend both days.
Students attend BOTH days.
Students attend both departmental and student conferences.
Students attend both.
Students attend business classes in a special networked multimedia teaching and learning facility.
Students attend Business Week on scholarships donated by businesses in their areas.
Students attend by choice.
Students attend by invitation only.
Students attend chapel each day.
Students attend chapel services three times each week.
Students attend chapel three mornings and one evening each week.
Students attend chorus with their entire exploratory class.
Students attend class and complete course assignments via the Internet.
Students attend class approximately eight hours each weekday.
Students attend class at normal hours to avoid ill missing lessons.
Students attend class at the scheduled time and are instructed in person by the school's faculty.
Students attend class but no grade is given and no credit is earned.
Students attend class by watching their own television.
Students attend class every day.
Students attend class every other week during the semester.
Students attend class five days a week, for six hours a day.
Students attend class five days for two weeks in order to complete one section of the course.
Students attend class five days per week with a four-hour session each day.
Students attend class for a week at least ten apprenticeship training centers.
Students attend class for forty-five days with fifteen days off.
Students attend class for three hours and then race over to the dorm for lunch.
Students attend class from around the world.
Students attend class in the mornings and spend the afternoons devoted to golf.
Students attend class just one evening a week and also meet with a learning team once a week.
Students attend class just one evening a week and take one course at a time.
Students attend class just one night per week for four hours and focus on just one class at a time.
Students attend class just one night per week.
Students attend class once a week for five weeks, or twice a week for eight-week courses.
Students attend class once a week for group supervision.
Students attend class one day a week completing the twelve course program in two years.
Students attend class one hour a day.
Students attend class one night a week and complete their degree in less than two years.
Students attend class one night a week, and are involved in a weekly learning team.
Students attend class one night per week on a year-round basis.
Students attend class there once a week.
Students attend class to be challenged by new concepts.
Students attend class twenty hours per week.
Students attend class two evenings per week.
Students attend class, take notes, do problems.
Students attend classes all day, in three academic blocks, and take a fourth block at night.
Students attend classes and academic progress.
Students attend classes and accumulate hours of practice toward eligibility for tests.
Students attend classes and clinical laboratory during evening hours.
Students attend classes and cut a feature film, receiving an editor credit.
Students attend classes and have vacation time on staggered tracks throughout the year.
Students attend classes and mix a feature film, receiving an sound editor credit.
Students attend classes and work on alternating semesters.
Students attend classes approximately one weekend a month.
Students attend classes as a peer group, fostering closer relationships and deeper understanding.
Students attend classes as part of the regular classroom program at their home high school.
Students attend classes at a home site two nights a week for three hours each night.
Students attend classes at regularly scheduled times for instruction as in a traditional course.
Students attend classes at the Thunder Bay campus, which are three weeks in length.
Students attend classes at two elementary schools, a junior high and high school.
Students attend classes computers, chemistry, math, English, Spanish, study skills and speech.
Students attend classes covering best practices in information technology project management.
Students attend classes daily at set times.
Students attend classes daily but enjoy free time for independent study and sightseeing in Paris.
Students attend classes daily while at sea.
Students attend classes daily, focusing on language development and Caribbean culture.
Students attend classes daily.
Students attend classes during the day and are actively involved in meal preparation.
Students attend classes during the fall and spring semesters and also in summer terms.
Students attend classes each day, on a quarterly basis, year-round.
Students attend classes five days a week for four or five hours a day.
Students attend classes for approximately five and a half hours per day.
Students attend classes for four hours in the morning or the afternoon.
Students attend classes for nine weeks and then have a two week intersession break.
Students attend classes for one day and two evenings per week during semester.
Students attend classes four days a week, two hours a day, either at night or during the day.
Students attend classes four days a week, two hours a day.
Students attend classes four times a month or participate on-line.
Students attend classes in a variety of programs.
Students attend classes in civilian clothing.
Students attend classes in math, English, writing, and science.
Students attend classes in movement, singing, and acting.
Students attend classes in seven major buildings in a six square block area.
Students attend classes in the day and evenings, both full and part time.
Students attend classes in the morning, with learning in business work sites in the afternoon.
Students attend classes in their residential group.
Students attend classes on a full-time basis within a supportive environment.
Students attend classes on a part-time basis and can complete the program in one year.
Students attend classes on both campuses.
Students attend classes on campus full time during the spring semester.
Students attend classes one night per week with teams that stay together throughout the program.
Students attend classes part of the day and work in an office part of the day for related training.
Students attend classes six hours a day.
Students attend classes six hours per day.
Students attend classes taught by Polish faculty.
Students attend classes through a ninety-minute block schedule.
Students attend classes together and receive supplemental instruction from academic coaches.
Students attend classes twice a week in the afternoons.
Students attend classes two days a week and work at jobs in the community two or three days weekly.
Students attend classes two evenings per week in an early session and a late session.
Students attend classes two evenings per week.
Students attend classes two nights a week, to accomodate busy schedules.
Students attend classes weekly in preparation for the week-long field trip during spring break.
Students attend classes with Japanese and Korean students.
Students attend classes with other U.S. and international students enrolled in the program.
Students attend classes within the school or on the campus at an affiliating college or university.
Students attend classes year-round with a short break between each session.
Students attend classes year-round with a short break between each trimester.
Students attend classes year-round with convenient breaks provided throughout the year.
Students attend classes, dine, study and socialize in the same building along with professors.
Students attend classes, play sport, eat and attend supervised study in the evening together.
Students attend classroom guidance instruction weekly.
Students attend classroom sessions in the morning, watching videos and live role-playing situations.
Students attend clerkships during the third and fourth years.
Students attend clinical education at local hospitals three days a week each semester.
Students attend college and do practical placement in a host salon during their course.
Students attend college in order to educate themselves.
Students attend colleges or universities because they want to better their life and become somebody.
Students attend colleges.
Students attend committee meetings where they debate world problems and pass resolutions.
Students attend computer classes and have library privileges on a weekly basis.
Students attend concerts after studying the works to be performed.
Students attend concerts, ballets, plays, operas and visit museums.
Students attend concerts, opera and ballet.
Students attend concerts.
Students attend conferences and present their research.
Students attend conferences and work on service projects.
Students attend conventions and conferences sponsored by the industries professional organizations.
Students attend core courses once a week.
Students attend council meetings and meet with public officials.
Students attend courses arranged for group and taught by Chinese faculty.
Students attend courses for foreigners with other international students.
Students attend courses scheduled after work hours with other working adults.
Students attend courses taught by American and British faculty.
Students attend courses taught by American or French faculty.
Students attend courses throughout the day and in the evening as well.
Students attend cultural and recreational activities in the evening during the summer.
Students attend daily classes at the branch school.
Students attend daily religious courses.
Students attend daily rounds and other pertinent lectures or meetings.
Students attend daily rounds with the resident group and family medicine consultants.
Students attend daily rounds, as well as team meetings and family conferences.
Students attend daily seminars and weekly departmental grandrounds and joint conferences.
Students attend each weekday for a three hour session.
Students attend eight district schools.
Students attend eight hours of class per week, plus two hours with the Spanish tutor.
Students attend eight to ten plays.
Students attend either a five week summer program or a special meeting during fall orientation.
Students attend either a morning or afternoon half-day session.
Students attend either morning or afternoon classes, with the rest of the day set aside for work.
Students attend either the morning or afternoon day session.
Students attend elementary school in Plains.
Students attend evening and weekend classes in order to fulfil the credit requirements.
Students attend evening classes and some week-end field trips.
Students attend evening classes in videoconference rooms in their communities.
Students attend evening classes which are offered in the fall, spring and summer terms.
Students attend evening or weekend classes in videoconference rooms in their communities.
Students attend every school day, every class faithfully.
Students attend fall and spring workshops.
Students attend field trips.
Students attend fine arts classes in addition to the integration of arts throughout the curriculum.
Students attend five classes per cycle.
Students attend five hours of class five days a week.
Students attend for half days or full days.
Students attend for one hour a week in a small group setting.
Students attend for one hour, two times per week.
Students attend for two hours.
Students attend for two years and then finish their studies in Poland.
Students attend for varying amounts of time per day and per week.
Students attend four afternoons per week.
Students attend four concerts.
Students attend four days of training during the summer.
Students attend four different classes.
Students attend four hours a day of language classes.
Students attend four lecture hours and two seminar hours per course per week.
Students attend four live concerts.
Students attend four of the eight class each semester.
Students attend four sequential seminars over a single year.
Students attend four to six hours of classes per week and receive university credits.
Students attend four weekly classes.
Students attend free.
Students attend from across the nation.
Students attend from all areas of Pennsylvania and some neighboring states.
Students attend from all parts of the U.S. and world.
Students attend from both the island and the States.
Students attend from schools throughout the United States.
Students attend from several local middle schools.
Students attend from the local area, throughout the United States and many foreign countries.
Students attend from throughout the metropolitan Phoenix area.
Students attend full and part-time.
Students attend full-time, taking day classes only.
Students attend governmental meetings and meet with public officials.
Students attend grades.
Students attend graduate schools.
Students attend grand rounds.
Students attend group classes at the school facility or other locations twice weekly.
Students attend gym class twice a week.
Students attend half day.
Students attend half-day sessions five days each week.
Students attend hands-on computer classes and they have open access to numerous workstations.
Students attend hands-on transcription classes which meet several hours each week.
Students attend in both fourth and final years of their course.
Students attend in the morning or afternoon five days a week.
Students Attend in-school classes and required related training courses regularly.
Students attend institutional training seminars and appropriate staff meetings.
Students attend intensive classroom sessions with faculty.
Students attend lab at regularly scheduled times as part of the course requirements.
Students attend lab at regularly scheduled times as part of the course.
Students attend lecture, and post their papers on the Web.
Students attend lectures and carry out laboratory work.
Students attend lectures and participate in daily discussion groups.
Students attend lectures and tutorials along with native speakers.
Students attend lectures and tutorials but undertake no assessment and pay a reduced fee.
Students attend lectures by the course leaders who are experienced participants in the marketplace.
Students attend lectures on research methodology, project design and communication strategies.
Students attend lectures with the Lexington campus via interactive video.
Students attend lectures, classes, and field trips designed to meet the goals of the program.
Students attend lectures, forums, readings, and discussions.
Students attend lectures, tour museums, and purchase last-minute supplies.
Students attend library classes every week where they develop an appreciation of good literature.
Students attend library on a weekly basis.
Students attend local theatre performances and participate in a full range of social activities.
Students attend lunch and recess with their respective grade levels.
Students attend mass on the average once a week.
Students attend math and language arts every day.
Students attend meetings and a workshop the year before their assignment begins.
Students attend meetings and speeches, conduct interviews and write about important issues.
Students attend middle schools.
Students attend military science classes during their regular course of studies.
Students attend monthly meetings and participate in various school projects.
Students attend monthly meetings of their respective boards.
Students attend morning classes in mathematics, science, reading and English composition.
Students attend morning lectures on applied science topics, followed by tours.
Students attend morning lectures on applied science topics.
Students attend most classes and complete all projects but poorly.
Students attend most classes and complete all projects consistently and adequately.
Students attend mtgs.
Students attend music class twice weekly and are exposed to a broad range of musical activities.
Students attend neighborhood schools.
Students attend noontime and teaching conferences.
Students attend on a voluntary basis.
Students attend one class.
Students attend one hour classes twice a week.
Students attend one hour of lectures and seminars per week.
Students attend one hour per week, receiving a variety of support geared to their individual needs.
Students attend one laboratory period each week.
Students attend one level per semester.
Students attend one or the other of two sections of study time with a pizza party in between.
Students attend one physics tutorial each week in both semesters.
Students attend one physics tutorial each week.
Students attend one seminar each week.
Students attend one specialty class daily.
Students attend only at their home campus.
Students attend only during the summer.
Students attend on-site sessions as scheduled for lectures, discussions and presentations, etc.
Students attend our nine schools.
Students attend our school for the duration of their one-year suspension.
Students attend parties where alcohol is served, and oftentimes consume too much alcohol.
Students attend performances and participate in workshops.
Students attend performances in Dublin.
Students attend performances of plays from most of the major historical periods.
Students attend performances, write short analytic papers, and present a final research project.
Students attend placements and study the skills required in the world of work.
Students attend political rallies and conduct surveys.
Students attend practical classes and get hands on experience in designing and running experiments.
Students attend practical workshops for two days a week.
Students attend presentations by professionals in different fields of science and engineering.
Students attend presentations on preparing resumes and handling interviews.
Students attend private colleges.
Students attend professional workshops and conferences.
Students attend programs in order to meet with an academic advisor and register for classes.
Students attend programs leading to a certificate or diploma.
Students attend regular classes, no academic credit is given for the resource classes.
Students attend regular classes.
Students attend regular lab sessions throughout the school year with a trained specialist.
Students attend regular physical education classes .
Students attend regular progress seminars and submit written reports.
Students attend regular university classes but can live at home.
Students attend regular university classes.
Students attend regularly scheduled classes in art and physical education at all grade levels.
Students attend required advising sessions.
Students attend research seminars and write doctoral dissertation.
Students attend RWTH for a full year of study and research.
Students attend Sandburg.
Students attend school and work.
Students attend school daily at a local school.
Students attend school districts of vastly different sizes.
Students attend school for seven weeks, then have three weeks off.
Students attend school four evenings a week for one year.
Students attend school in uniforms which are usually blue or very occasionally black.
Students attend school masses once a month.
Students attend school.
Students attend schools based on neighborhood boundaries.
Students attend schools in the attendance areas in which they reside.
Students attend schools.
Students attend Seminar sessions throughout each academic school year.
Students attend seminars and competitive events.
Students attend seminars and state and national conferences.
Students attend seminars as part of the course requirement.
Students attend seminars given by members of the department and visiting speakers.
Students attend sessions that consist of classroom lectures and clinical practice labs.
Students attend seven classes per day, five days a week.
Students attend several Chicago-area drama and dance performances throughout the year.
Students attend short daily afternoon didactic sessions.
Students attend six evening classes for three hours approximately every three weeks.
Students attend six hours of didatic sessions each week during the elective.
Students attend six hours per day, five days a week.
Students attend six years of primary school and four years of secondary school.
Students attend small classes averaging ten students.
Students attend SOAR in relatively small groups.
Students attend South East Junior High and City High.
Students attend special classes for foreigners.
Students attend special courses arranged for the group taught by American and Italian faculty.
Students attend special courses arranged for the group.
Students attend special courses in technical fields, Japanese language, and Japan studies.
Students attend special courses taught by Indonesian faculty.
Students attend special events with distinguished guests from many walks of life.
Students attend special group courses taught by Chinese faculty.
Students attend special group courses.
Students attend special program classes taught by Ecuadorian university faculty.
Students attend special program classes.
Students attend special program courses.
Students attend special seminars and classes.
Students attend specially designed programs that feature a fusion of lectures and hands-on seminars.
Students attend state meetings regularly.
Students attend summer classes three evenings a week or less.
Students attend 'teas' at our house.
Students attend technical core classes two periods per day, five days per week.
Students attend the academy for a variety or reasons.
Students attend the campus at which their program of study is based.
Students attend the campus for blocks of theory.
Students attend the career club one hour a week.
Students attend the career fair.
Students attend the clinic audition and the best performers are selected.
Students attend the college for numerous reasons.
Students attend the college for workshops.
Students attend the computer lab as a class or on an individual basis for tutorial purposes.
Students attend the conference to learn new international marketing skills.
Students attend the districts in which they live and the schools closest to their homes.
Students attend the high-quality live concerts on a regular basis.
Students attend the lab one period a day, gaining on average two grade levels a year.
Students attend the lecture and both lab sessions.
Students attend the library once a week.
Students attend the mainstream in Spanish in the morning and their English classes in the afternoon.
Students attend the national conclave and carry out a professional project.
Students attend the national convention and participate in workshops for poultry science majors.
Students attend the orthopedic clinic and conferences.
Students attend the program at no charge.
Students attend the program for two years.
Students attend the regular department colloquia.
Students attend the religious education class planned for their particular grade level.
Students attend the same lecture .
Students attend the school for four years learning how to raise, manage, and cure livestock.
Students attend the school for three two-week terms over consecutive summers.
Students attend the seminars presented by staff and other students.
Students attend the sessions on line.
Students attend the technology center for half the day and their home school for the other half.
Students attend the training prior to entering the program.
Students attend the two classes for a total of eight credits.
Students attend the weekly departmental research seminar and submit a plan for a research project.
Students attend theater classes weekly and perform two musical productions each school year.
Students attend theatrical performances.
Students attend their home schools in the morning.
Students attend their neighborhood elementary school and designated middle school.
Students attend theory classes and practice clinical internship at several Bay Area hospitals.
Students attend there to try out the army for a few weeks.
Students attend three hours of class daily.
Students attend three hours of lecture and a one-hour discussion section each week.
Students attend three hours of required instruction and one hour of laboratory instruction each day.
Students attend three lectures and one discussion section per week.
Students attend three lectures and one four-hour laboratory each week.
Students attend three lectures and one practical session per week.
Students attend three lectures hours a week and two hours of laboratory.
Students attend three lectures, one recitation, and one four hour laboratory per week.
Students attend three or four hours of lectures and seminars per week.
Students attend three sessions per year in three different art forms.
Students attend three weekly master classes plus two hours of practice in small groups.
Students attend three weekly meetings.
Students attend training that is offered periodically during the year.
Students attend trials and court hearings to evaluate techniques and effectiveness of presentations.
Students attend tutorial sessions twice a week for an hour at a time after school.
Students attend tutorial sessions with the instructor to work on individual pronunciation problems.
Students attend two academic years and two summer sessions.
Students attend two class meetings per week including a plenary lecture and recitation meeting.
Students attend two classes, one in computer science and one in personal banking and finance.
Students attend two lectures and two lab sessions weekly.
Students attend two or three evenings a week.
Students attend two reflection sessions and give a final presentation.
Students attend two scheduled laboratory hours outside of class.
Students attend two semesters and one summer quarter per year.
Students attend two six week sections with a week of vacation in between.
Students attend two theatrical performances.
Students attend two-week sessions each summer.
Students attend universities in host countries in consecutive fall semesters.
Students attend universities.
Students attend university courses with Spanish students.
Students attend using the open enrollment plan.
Students attend various cultural activities and volunteer one day a week.
Students attend voluntarily.
Students attend WCMS for two weeks each summer over a period of three years.
Students attend weekly case conferences, geriatric journal clubs, and team meetings.
Students attend weekly classes and tutoring and counseling sessions on campus.
Students attend weekly classes, and tutoring and counseling sessions on campus.
Students attend weekly meetings and discuss selected readings.
Students attend weekly pediatric and surgical conferences.
Students attend weekly seminars and have the opportunity to hear outstanding guest speakers.
Students attend weekly seminars and workshops, as well as social and cultural events.
Students attend weekly seminars and workshops.
Students attend weekly seminars related to science and laser fusion.
Students attend weekly seminars with their supervisors.
Students attend weekly seminars, which regularly feature distinguished visiting scientists.
Students attend weekly staff and editorial meetings.
Students attend weekly staff meetings and edit and publish the quarterly magazine.
Students attend weekly staff meetings and write stories based on covering campus beats.
Students attend weekly three-hour classes that are arranged into four sequentially linked semesters.
Students attend weekly, three-hour meetings after school, one day per week.
Students attend when they feel like it but mainly sleep and party for their first couple of years.
Students attend with a parent and get the charge dismissed if they successfully complete the course.
Students attend with members of their families.
Students attend with parent permission on an as-needed basis.
Students attend work rounds and attending physician teaching rounds.
Students attend workshops in a comfortable intellectual setting.
Students attend workshops, conferences and intercultural events as a group throughout the year.
Students attend year-round with breaks between each quarter.
Students attending a seminar can receive college credit.
Students attending any of the three programs receive an excellent education.
Students attending boarding school have formal study hours each evening.
Students attending can speak and vote on the issues being discussed.
Students attending either public or Catholic schools are welcome to participate.
Students attending extended sessions get to take a third field trip.
Students attending foreign institutions are ineligible.
Students attending four-year institutions have four years of eligibility.
Students attending local colleges are welcome to apply.
Students attending more than two field trips can earn extra credit points.
Students attending most architecture schools have ambitions of designing majestic public facilities.
Students attending non-member institutions receive transfer credit from a designated member school.
Students attending non-member institutions receive transfer credit from a selected member school.
Students attending on a half-time basis are eligible for aid from several federal programs.
Students attending other elementary schools ride school buses to the Central location.
Students attending part time usually take one course each semester.
Students attending part-time can complete a psychology major in the evening.
Students attending part-time can complete the program in three years.
Students attending part-time normally carry a course load of three to six hours a semester.
Students attending public school almost always go to a school in their own neighborhood.
Students attending sessions for credit receive a grade based on effort, improvement, and attendance.
Students attending state technical schools or private colleges can also use the program.
Students attending the annual meeting are eligible to compete for Graduate Student Awards.
Students attending the campus come from all parts of the District.
Students attending the courses now also include defense civilians and selected police officers.
Students attending the first session can choose a different program for the second session.
Students attending the lecture provide feedback to the course director.
Students attending the performance are to stay with their parents as much as possible.
Students attending the physics department are eligible for a number of awards.
Students attending the program learn all areas of operating a sports-related organization.
Students attending the reception can meet and mingle in a relaxed atmosphere with recruiters.
Students attending the Review Sessions historically score significantly better on exams.
Students attending the school have access to the indoor swimming pool.
Students attending the UK program are on campus now.
Students attending the workshop can read their classmates' entries and the instructor's responses.
Students attending two-year colleges also continue to leave in less than a year at greater rates.
Students attending two-year institutions are eligible for two years or until they receive a degree.
Students attending with a purpose have a higher degree of success within the program.
Students attribute less test anxiety and greater ease in test preparation to the journal writing.
Students attribute their procrastination to the expectation of more time as the quarter winds down.
Students audition on first day of class.
Students auditioning wear leotard and tights, no jewelry and are asked to pull their hair back.
Students author html pages to present their written homework.
Students automatically assume that anything old is outdated.
Students automatically become members as part of the registration process.
Students automatically become members by virtue of registration, and no dues are charged.
Students automatically become members when they register and pay the semester fee.
Students automatically get the drug plan with their student fees.
Students automatically have accounts.
Students automatically have their web accounts created upon activation of the other accounts.
Students automatically pay health fees as part of their tuition.
Students automatically receive Internet e-mail accounts at the start of each academic year.
Students automatically receive proxy accounts.
Students automatically upgrade their membership upon graduation and choose to be members for life.
Students average approximately three contested hearings a semester.
Students average five years in all to complete their degree and receive a Ph.D. in Neuroscience.
Students average more than five years of work experience.
Students average more than two offers per participating company.
Students average nearly four job offers each upon graduation.
Students average six to eight hours per week.
Students avoid it at their peril.
Students avoid reading if they find it uninteresting and unrewarding.
Students avoid the hassle of on-campus enrollment.
Students avoid their too-outspoken peers.
Students await the social alternatives to be provided by the new alcohol policy.
Students await their chance to register for the mock election.
Students awaiting adoption look forward to being adopted and eventually all are.
Students awaiting results can also apply.
Students backpack through breathtaking country and hike to vistas where views stretch to infinity.
Students bake a birthday cake.
Students bake cookies following the recipe.
Students bake the cookies every day.
Students balance a multiplicity of complex and interrelated roles.
Students balance a serious commitment to learning with a remarkable range of activities and sports.
Students balance paper plates on specific body parts while moving around the room.
Students balance the demands of the course well and staff support and facilitate learning.
Students balance their lives between academic and co-curricular activities.
Students balance their own checkbooks and supply their businesses from the Wildcat Valley warehouse.
Students base many of their projects on their interests outside of computers.
Students base their college selection upon which football team is winning.
Students base their drawings on direct observation of still life and landscape subject matter.
Students base their faculty preferences on research interests.
Students based in the laboratory also have the opportunity to learn computer programming.
Students basically follow the same curriculum during the first two years.
Students bask in the warmth, kick a ball and return to class late in the evening.
Students be able to effectively communicate the concepts integral to the practice of chemistry.
Students be able to find out when a planet is visible.
Students be prepared to take the language placement examination.
Students bead the fringe into patterns using pony beads.
Students bear a special responsibility in the pacing of the course.
Students bear any cost incurred in obtaining additional documentation.
Students bear part of the responsibility for security on campus.
Students bear primary responsibility for their own academic progress.
Students bear responsibility for obtaining the necessary video and text.
Students bear responsibility to awaken and to get themselves to class.
Students bear signficant responsibility in leading and facilitating disscussion.
Students bear some responsibility for knowing what is going on.
Students bear the expenses for required books and class materials.
Students bear the final responsibility for securing the department's acceptance of transfer credit.
Students bear the responsibility for applying and gaining acceptance to internship sites.
Students bear the responsibility of knowing what constitutes plagiarism and cheating.
Students bear the responsibility to learn more on their own as needed.
Students bear their own costs for books, transportation and miscellaneous expenses.
Students bear their own costs for books, transportation, and miscellaneous expenses.
Students beautify a sloping landscape.
Students become a part of a team, with ensuing responsibilities.
Students become a part of the community.
Students become a part of the Mexican community by being immersed in the university system.
Students become a team, bringing ideas to fruition, cooperatively in the shared act of building.
Students become a valuable part of the college's clinical team.
Students become a valued member of a manufacturing team.
Students become accustomed to arguing their own views and ideas in an environment of ongoing debate.
Students become active and powerful participants in the learning process.
Students become active in the learning.
Students become active learners and are able to pace themselves to what they can accomplish.
Students become active learners as the focus becomes student centered.
Students become active learners, ready to tackle complex problems and challenging coursework.
Students become active learners, ready to tackle complex problems and hallenging coursework.
Students become active learners.
Students become active learners.
Students become active participants in the decision-making process.
Students become active participants in the democratic process, rather than simply passive observers.
Students become active participants in the evaluation process.
Students become active participants in their musical development with instant, unbiased feedback.
Students become active partners in the advising process.
Students become active researchers in order to find information about a topic.
Students become active Web producers.
Students become actively engaged as they construct their own knowledge and understanding.
Students become actively engaged in collecting and analyzing information.
Students become actively engaged in conjecturing, verifying, and making sense of geometry.
Students become actively engaged in the learning process.
Students become actively engaged with the topics through political exercises and simulations.
Students become actively involved in all aspects of office work.
Students become actively involved in programs with particular interest in their needs.
Students become actively involved in the free enterprise system and learn from hands-on experience.
Students become actively involved in the mechanics of the theater.
Students become actively involved in their learning as they discover for themselves.
Students become actively involved in thinking about the concepts presented in the lesson.
Students become adept at discerning the structure of literature for oral interpretation.
Students become adept at figuring out how to respond to exam questions.
Students become adept at learning technology wherever it is needed.
Students become adept at using computers throughout the writing process.
Students become an active part of the project.
Students become an integral part of a stimulating academic interchange.
Students become apprentice scientists in our multi-state quadrat study.
Students become apprentices who learn by doing as well as hearing.
Students become avid readers, viewers and listeners.
Students become aware of environmental issues and impact of environmental problems.
Students become aware of ethical and legal issues in medical practice.
Students become aware of game rules, time regulations, and fair play.
Students become aware of how specific jobs and skills are transferable among workplaces.
Students become aware of how their decisions affect inquiry results.
Students become aware of how their own culture influences their thinking.
Students become aware of important water topics.
Students become aware of opportunities and careers available in business and related areas.
Students become aware of others' mathematical difficulties.
Students become aware of possible careers and job opportunities.
Students become aware of present and possible future problems.
Students become aware of the basic structure and characteristics of the simple sentence.
Students become aware of the changing night sky.
Students become aware of the effects of alcohol in the body.
Students become aware of the ever evolving creation of art throughout all cultures.
Students become aware of the fruits of their labor and the value of food.
Students become aware of the hard choices involved in political decision-making.
Students become aware of the important role the ocean plays in our lives.
Students become aware of the lawmaking process in our state.
Students become aware of their own cultural identity and how they perceive and view differences.
Students become aware of their personal leadership styles and how to work cooperatively with others.
Students become aware of their real, and interdisciplinary, audience.
Students become aware of unique expressive qualities of the print process.
Students become aware of verbal and non verbal skills.
Students become aware that no one English translation can convey everything that a passage suggests.
Students become aware that they can access their ideas more easily with certain types of music.
Students become better chessplayers after playing the game.
Students become better citizens by learning and giving back to the communities.
Students become better problem-solvers.
Students become better scholars and often blossom into confident, poised young adults.
Students become better teachers to their children and better adjusted providers for their families.
Students become better writers through a process-oriented approach.
Students become biased towards action, and skillful at implementation.
Students become bored very quickly if they are using the same software at home and school.
Students become both teachers and students through peer tutoring.
Students become budding entomologists as they collect and identify insects.
Students become candidates for the doctorate only upon passing a candidacy examination.
Students become candidates for the doctorate only upon passing written and oral comprehensive exams.
Students become careless about other aspects of drinking such as the drive home.
Students become citizens by their participation in our civic processes.
Students become citizens of our school community when they enter the front door.
Students become co-authors of papers published in international journals.
Students become comfortable designing and analyzing their products.
Students become comfortable in front of a lens and learn to convey on-camera believability.
Students become comfortable integrating information from the literature.
Students become comfortable speaking in interpersonal, small, and large group situations.
Students become comfortable using a computer as a tool for data analysis and problem solving.
Students become comfortable utilizing technology while learning subject matter.
Students become complacent and lazy.
Students become computer literate by learning the basic principles of desktop publishing.
Students become confused and annoyed when material is presented in seemingly conflicting ways.
Students become content producers.
Students become contributing citizens, recognized as assets to their community.
Students become contributing members of the teams on which they work.
Students become creative in solving the problem of how to construct a sphere.
Students become critical practitioners.
Students become critics choosing between book and film.
Students become culturally diverse as they prepare and eat their way around the world.
Students become different characters and animals as they travel through time to new places.
Students become dispirited.
Students become drops of water and experience first hand the flow of water on their planet.
Students become eager participants in cultivating a classroom of dreamers and academic achievers.
Students become eager readers.
Students become editors, photographers, proof readers, typists, sales people, etc.
Students become effective communicators in small and large groups.
Students become effective team members through the use and development of interpersonal skills.
Students become effective users of information and ideas within the context of the subject taught.
Students become eligible by earning sufficient grade points each semester.
Students become eligible for an assistantship after successful completion of their internship.
Students become eligible for life, health and certain other benefits after one year of employment.
Students become eligible for membership after completion of their junior year.
Students become eligible for membership at the end of their sophomore year.
Students become eligible for membership in their junior year.
Students become eligible for state certification at different times during their period of study.
Students become eligible for the award by filing candidacy forms with the Honors office.
Students become eligible to transfer between schools at the end of their first year.
Students become employees in the various office positions and stay in the job for five weeks.
Students become empowered to enjoy lifelong reading, writing, and learning.
Students become empowered, acting as both peer tutors and active learners.
Students become energy consultants and conduct energy audits for their school.
Students become engaged in creating messages to their friends using ancient hieroglyphic symbols.
Students become engaged in such an issue and are taught to relate it to the present.
Students become engaged in the learning activity.
Students become entomologists by observing insects in their nearby surroundings.
Students become excited and motivated when they interact with computers.
Students become excited by what they learn in the process.
Students become experimenters, pattern seekers, describers, inventors, and visualizers.
Students become expert at tracking by identifying tracks, following and interpreting signs.
Students become expert in the discipline of the department but less familiar with other disciplines.
Students become experts on one topic and then return home to their groups and teach the concept.
Students become 'experts' through firsthand investigated activities using authentic research skills.
Students become explorers and sharers of knowledge.
Students become familiar with a broad range of available majors.
Students become familiar with a number of operas and perform selections emphasizing ensemble work.
Students become familiar with a spectrum of traditional, interactive and emerging technologies.
Students become familiar with a teacher's classroom environment and expectations.
Students become familiar with a variety of Indonesian musical styles and performance contexts.
Students become familiar with American culture through texts and discussion.
Students become familiar with American, European, and world history.
Students become familiar with and begin to develop requisite skills to undertake applied work.
Students become familiar with and perform a variety of styles of music in the orchestral repertoire.
Students become familiar with at least one commercial database system.
Students become familiar with auroral phenomena and where they appear on the Earth's surface.
Students become familiar with basic materials and techniques.
Students become familiar with bibliographical sources and literature survey procedures.
Students become familiar with cardiopulmonary diseases and diagnostic evaluations.
Students become familiar with chromosomal DNA isolation and gel electrophoresis.
Students become familiar with classical and modern literary pieces, newspaper articles, films etc.
Students become familiar with classical and modern literary pieces, newspaper articles, films, etc.
Students become familiar with common Internet symbols as they type Internet and email addresses.
Students become familiar with computers and acquire basic knowledge of word processing.
Students become familiar with computers and word processing for creating and editing their work.
Students become familiar with contracting procedures and reading specifications.
Students become familiar with course selection, pre-registration procedures, schedules, etc.
Students become familiar with current linguistic research.
Students become familiar with different technologies available to assist in learning.
Students become familiar with electronic and print reference sources.
Students become familiar with elementary school curriculum.
Students become familiar with e-mail and how to send, retrieve and save information.
Students become familiar with empirical techniques associated with marketing and planning.
Students become familiar with entering and processing emergency calls electronically.
Students become familiar with foods and food industry.
Students become familiar with how clinicians work, attend operations, etc.
Students become familiar with important figures of the arts, literature and history of France.
Students become familiar with in-store tasks applicable to all retailing vocations.
Students become familiar with leading theoretical approaches and treatment issues.
Students become familiar with library reference works as well as archival sources.
Students become familiar with major schools, systems, and individuals within the discipline.
Students become familiar with many industrial processes and their appropriate applications.
Students become familiar with methods of personality assessment.
Students become familiar with parenting programs and how to conduct parenting groups.
Students become familiar with recall, synthesis, analysis, critical thinking, and application.
Students become familiar with recombinant DNA techniques and gene expression.
Students become familiar with safety rules on the net.
Students become familiar with sanitary and storm-drain systems, as well as, vent and waste systems.
Students become familiar with some of the basic tenets of major feminist political theories.
Students become familiar with structured and non-structured tests.
Students become familiar with stylistic, gender and regional variations in language registers.
Students become familiar with techniques required in special kinds of public speaking situations.
Students become familiar with terminology used by medical professionals.
Students become familiar with terminology, trends, materials, problems and solutions.
Students become familiar with the board test software and hardware.
Students become familiar with the broad range of available majors.
Students become familiar with the French culture through a variety of projects.
Students become familiar with the interactive language classroom.
Students become familiar with the laws governing algebra.
Students become familiar with the Mayan architecture, agriculture, religion, mathematics, and art.
Students become familiar with the new technology as a part of their course work.
Students become familiar with the newest equipment and software programs.
Students become familiar with the operative techniques of the computer keyboard.
Students become familiar with the organization and classification of data.
Students become familiar with the people and culture of the Spanish-speaking world.
Students become familiar with the sewing machine, learn to read a pattern and operate a serger.
Students become familiar with the sounds of the djembe , an ancient drum from West Africa.
Students become familiar with the standard vocal and instrumental repertoire.
Students become familiar with the standardized tests used in an educational assessment.
Students become familiar with the state of the art in analytical instruments and techniques.
Students become familiar with the study of auroras from the Earth and from space.
Students become familiar with the tools, machines and equipment used to repair automotive engines.
Students become familiar with the use of a real package in practice.
Students become familiar with the use of telecommunications by sending letters to their partners.
Students become familiar with the various committees, councils etc.
Students become familiar with traditional and contemporary literary texts.
Students become familiar with various instruments for collecting data.
Students become familiar with what is taking place around the world.
Students become fluent as they read and reread to one another in pairs.
Students become fluent if they have the opportunity to speak repeatedly on the same topic.
Students become focused on their own work instead the team's work.
Students become fully engaged in the learning process.
Students become fully responsible for the establishment and running of a business.
Students become genuinely enthusiastic about learning.
Students become geologists and explore the rock cycle.
Students become globally aware and able to use resources that exist outside the school.
Students become highly interested in the work.
Students become history detectives and conduct an artifact identification game.
Students become immediately involved in selling property.
Students become immersed in subject matter.
Students become increasingly adept at solving word problems.
Students become increasingly self-directed as learners.
Students become independent, critical thinkers.
Students become individual thinkers and facilitators of their own learning.
Students become information literate by learning to use information critically to build knowledge.
Students become information.
Students become informed of the relative size of three seahorse species.
Students become informed users of statistics and the Web.
Students become interested in starting a student organization.
Students become involved and experience the materials they learn.
Students become involved cognitively, affectively, and kinesthetically in their learning experience.
Students become involved in a global study of wildlife migration and the changing seasons.
Students become involved in all aspects of producing a dance performance.
Students become involved in assessments based on performance standards.
Students become involved in campus life for a wide variety of reasons.
Students become involved in hands-on activities related to the basics of residential wiring.
Students become involved in intensive research.
Students become involved in learning by extending vocabulary.
Students become involved in learning through investigation which include many hands-on experiences.
Students become involved in learning through involvement in the study of how sound travels.
Students become involved in learning through working together.
Students become involved in research immediately upon entering the program.
Students become involved in small-scale empirical research projects.
Students become involved in the environmental management issues of a local company.
Students become involved in the problem solving process.
Students become involved in the program for a variety of reasons.
Students become involved in trouble shooting and repair of today's modern automotive.
Students become involved with creating web pages that share their findings with others.
Students become involved with leadership from the start.
Students become involved with role-playing and participate in discussion groups.
Students become involved with topics that are timely and relevant.
Students become judges through a competitive process.
Students become junior marine biologists by digging for sand crabs, sand dollars, and shells.
Students become junior paleontologists as they explore models of dinosaur skulls,teeth and feet.
Students become knowledgeable about contemporary clay-working artists.
Students become knowledgeable about environmental issues and the science behind policy decisions.
Students become knowledgeable about ethical and legal issues and basic radiology safety.
Students become knowledgeable in both residential and commercial design.
Students become knowledgeable in both residential and contract design.
Students become knowledgeable of matrices and determinants, vector spaces, and linear operators.
Students become knowledgeable of the distributions, evolution and adaptations of fishes.
Students become knowledgeable of the evolution and adaptations of selected invertebrates.
Students become leaders in training, organizational development and human resources.
Students become learners.
Students become less bored from long breaks.
Students become less prone to ask questions as they move through the grade levels.
Students become licensed wastewater mangers for employment after high school.
Students become lifelong learner.
Students become life-long learners who move beyond knowledge to wisdom, beyond information to truth.
Students become literate through engagement and participation in literacy activities.
Students become majors after acceptance by the department or the program.
Students become master measurement using lab equipment.
Students become member by joining the chapter at the school where they are enrolled.
Students become members by joing the chapter at the school where they are enrolled.
Students become members by joining chapters at their colleges.
Students become members by joining the chapter at the school where they are enrolled .
Students become members by joining the chapter at the school where they are enrolled.
Students become members by joining the local chapter.
Students become members in a community of lifelong learners with an understanding of science.
Students become members of a cohort group who experience the program together.
Students become members of teams in volleyball, softball, and basketball.
Students become members of the SA when they pay their mandatory student activity fees.
Students become members.
Students become mentors to at-risk students in Metro schools.
Students become more active learners which encourages class attendance and participation.
Students become more active participants in their own learning and in helping classmates to learn.
Students become more active participants in their own learning.
Students become more aware of global issues.
Students become more aware of the similarities and differences between themselves and others.
Students become more aware of their own cultures in relation to people all around the world.
Students become more aware of their responsibilities in the work world.
Students become more confident and proud of their portfolios as the school year progresses.
Students become more connected to the community and more aware that they can make a difference.
Students become more conscious about their use of language and gender bias.
Students become more efficient and effective learners.
Students become more familiar with each other and learn each other's personalities.
Students become more focused and they learn how to study for exams and plan for projects.
Students become more focused on a career path.
Students become more free to share, to honestly and authentically participate in the class.
Students become more independent in their reading and writing.
Students become more independent learners.
Students become more invested as they apply their judgments and conclusions to the situation.
Students become more invested in the community.
Students become more marketable.
Students become more naturally collaborative and less competitive.
Students become more productive problem solvers and thinkers, and teachers become less frustrated.
Students become more proficient at accessing, evaluating, and communicating information.
Students become more reliant on the technology rather than the teacher.
Students become more responsible for, and engaged in, their own learning.
Students become more self aware, and learn valuable techniques and exercises for use with clients.
Students become more sensitive to and informed about current social problems.
Students become more sympathetic to the complexity of issues.
Students become more willing to take risks.
Students become motivated and engaged in the learning process.
Students become motivated to learn and study geography.
Students become motivated to perform to the very best of their abilities.
Students become motivated toward careers in transportation.
Students become mutually responsible for the quality of the project.
Students become overwhelmed when choosing a summer site.
Students become overworked and susceptible to illness.
Students become paleontologists underathing, identifying and analyzing fossil finds.
Students become partners in learning, both with faculty members and with other students.
Students become passive observers of a performance by the teacher.
Students become peer teachers by sharing information or restating concepts.
Students become primary researchers.
Students become problem solvers of practical real-life problems.
Students become problem solvers.
Students become producers and consumers of information in a variety of sources and formats.
Students become producers of insight and ideas rather than mere consumers .
Students become productive citizens and achieve individual potential.
Students become proficient in a variety of dental assisting skills.
Students become proficient in creating and modifying electronic spreadsheets.
Students become proficient in creation and modification of spreadsheets.
Students become proficient in creation, modification, and combination of spreadsheet.
Students become proficient in creation, modification, and combination of spreadsheets.
Students become proficient in designing, scanning and outputting within a varied group of programs.
Students become proficient in distance learning technologies.
Students become proficient in employing technology as it relates to learning and practice.
Students become proficient in major and minor scales, chord progressions, intervals etc.
Students become proficient in medical terminology and insurance coding as well as in claims payment.
Students become proficient in organizing, researching, and delivering public speeches.
Students become proficient in problem solving.
Students become proficient in reading, writing, listening and speaking basic Spanish.
Students become proficient in the creation and modification of spreadsheets.
Students become proficient in the installation of gas lines, liquid lines and other kinds of piping.
Students become proficient in the use of the various technical manuals for rigging airdrop loads.
Students become proficient in the use of traffic simulation and analysis software used in industry.
Students become proficient in using microcomputers, mini-computers, and network systems.
Students become proficient in using the latest means of communication.
Students become proficient in using the tools of technology.
Students become proficient in various aspects of the zoo.
Students become proficient problem solvers and develop skills that can last a lifetime.
Students become proficient through regular, sustained, intensive practice.
Students become published authors and experienced indexers.
Students become real-life journalists.
Students become resource persons for that word in the future.
Students become responsible citizens and users of technology and information.
Students become responsible citizens through role modeling and development of positive attitudes.
Students become responsible for campus housing charges once a campus room is selected.
Students become responsible for getting information.
Students become responsible for the successful completion of the project.
Students become responsible for the teaching of information to others.
Students become responsible for their course or program fees upon registration.
Students become responsible for their own learning, as individuals and in community.
Students become scientists from another planet who have no information or knowledge about Earth.
Students become self-directed learners through independent study and advanced research.
Students become self-directed.
Students become self-reliant, which enhances their self esteem.
Students become service providers to meet the needs of various beneficiaries.
Students become skilled at using Internet resources.
Students become skilled in the utilization of equipment used in the industry.
Students become skilled in understanding and using educational and career information.
Students become skilled leaders by organizing and conducting their own campaigns.
Students become skilled writers who compose for a variety of purposes.
Students become so adept at computer training that some end up in high-tech.
Students become state certified to teach physical education at early and secondary school levels.
Students become stimulated as they enjoy self-directed improvement.
Students become subject experts.
Students become successful readers by reading.
Students become teachers as soon as they know any skill.
Students become teachers.
Students become the center of the class and provide peer reviews for each other.
Students become the child's spokesperson in all legal proceedings in such cases.
Students become the designers of a mathematical project.
Students become the managers of information for their own assimilation rather than recipient of it.
Students become the physicians and prescribe treatment to an injured patient.
Students become the president of a fan club for their favorite author.
Students become the priority in all schoolbased decisions.
Students become the responsibility of the teachers and chaperones after they exit the bus.
Students become the ultimate decision makers in the process.
Students become their own historians, interpreting the facts based on their own observations.
Students become traveling companions asking questions and providing suggestions for travel routes.
Students become traveling companions, asking questions and providing suggestions for travel routes.
Students become versatile with computers, both for writing and research purposes.
Students become very competitive.
Students become very empowered, confident, optimistic, and self-motivated learners.
Students become very engaged in their learning when meaningful hands-on activities are provided.
Students become well acquainted with the historical and cultural backgrounds of the region.
Students become well-versed in labor movements and transnational corporations.
Students become what they experience.
Students become wolves and components of a habitat in a highly-involving physical activity.
Students become workers and are given the choice of producing an origami cup or an origami box.
Students becomes critical thinkers who question and evaluate what they see and hear and read.
Students becoming strong readers is a business, school and district priority.
Students befriend residents and participate in their activities.
Students befriend terminally ill patients.
Students beg and plead for a more diverse campus, and rightfully so.
Students beg for writing time.
Students begin a major project which is completed in the final year.
Students begin a mini-course in survival French.
Students begin a practical exploration into the language of dance.
Students begin a research project in their individual area of interest to be completed while abroad.
Students begin a research project mentored by a science department faculty member.
Students begin a sequential program of progression guided by exploration of movement.
Students begin a study of the French-speaking world by learning numbers, colors, time, and phrases.
Students begin accumulating credits toward the minor at the intermediate level.
Students begin active research during the first year.
Students begin Activity - Colorful Eyes.
Students begin an exploration of foreign languages during their elementary school years.
Students begin an inquiry process as they discuss their school.
Students begin an investigation of variables by examining the behavior of a pendulum.
Students begin an orientation to the process in the ninth grade.
Students begin and conduct activities for health promotion and education.
Students begin and end their graduate program together as a class.
Students begin any assignment with all of the available points.
Students begin applications.
Students begin applying for programs for the following session in late fall.
Students begin applying for the Dublin program a year in advance.
Students begin applying the idea of a constant ratio with simpler situations.
Students begin at an appropriate level based on the placement examination given upon entrance.
Students begin at opposite sides of the site to avoid driving grasshoppers out of the sampling area.
Students begin at the opening of school and are placed in like-instrument classes.
Students begin at their own level of ability and proceed at a self-paced rate.
Students begin at very different places.
Students begin at whatever level is deemed appropriate based on a placement exam.
Students begin at young ages.
Students begin at zero and take turns rolling two dice.
Students begin book reports.
Students begin bringing in unwanted cans from home.
Students begin by blowing the cotton ball at their partner.
Students begin by classifying pictures of birds into three categories.
Students begin by collecting information about a disease or disorder.
Students begin by collecting worms to study in the classroom.
Students begin by constructing a simple, balloon-powered land yacht.
Students begin by constructing sextants and learning about lighter than air flight.
Students begin by contracting with supervisors for learning based on their individual goals.
Students begin by controlling toys or music.
Students begin by creating a database.
Students begin by describing the properties of a popsicle and then each other.
Students begin by describing their ideas about balance and how weight affects it.
Students begin by developing a global understanding of the IT industry.
Students begin by discussing the immunizations they received as a child.
Students begin by discussing what they already know about soil and what they want to find out.
Students begin by discussing why and how people measure things.
Students begin by examining how evidence can be used to support conclusions from investigation.
Students begin by examining the concept of public authority and sources of political power.
Students begin by examining the concept of public authority and the sources of political power.
Students begin by examining their own assumptions about learning.
Students begin by exploring the canyon's deep sea habitats.
Students begin by exploring the habitat of worms and observing their behavior.
Students begin by exploring the range of different environments in which living things are found.
Students begin by exploring three rock samples and identifying different properties.
Students begin by focusing on the physical properties of color, form, and texture.
Students begin by getting into groups of three.
Students begin by just showing up at class.
Students begin by learning about design and put it into practice by using drafting tools.
Students begin by learning control, distance and technique drills.
Students begin by learning how to properly monitor and measure weather.
Students begin by learning letters and then words, with a focus on literal comprehension.
Students begin by learning some common background knowledge, then divide into groups.
Students begin by learning the basic karate punches, strikes, blocks, and kicks.
Students begin by learning whale behavior terms such as breaching and spy hopping.
Students begin by lying on their backs and grasping their knees in a tight tuck position.
Students begin by making miniature ecosystems from clear, two-liter soda bottles.
Students begin by matching pictures and progress to matching words to pictures.
Students begin by measuring real cars and furniture.
Students begin by measuring rebound heights and organizing their information in a chart.
Students begin by observing and discussing reasons for lines on a map to find locations.
Students begin by observing familiar phenomena with emphasis on hands-on activities.
Students begin by observing the classroom and acting as teacher assistants under supervision.
Students begin by putting both hands on their desk.
Students begin by reading a book and developing a thesis.
Students begin by reading a book on their independent reading level.
Students begin by reading a predetermined amount of text.
Students begin by reading and discussing the textbook chapter.
Students begin by reading and performing plays.
Students begin by reading and writing sounds in isolation.
Students begin by reading authentic Latin prose of Roman authors.
Students begin by reading books, plays, and informational material about the Middle Ages.
Students begin by reading the titles and writing five questions for each book.
Students begin by researching and drawing a series of bird images in their sketch books.
Students begin by selecting an area of interest, such as agriculture or engineering.
Students begin by solving addition and subtraction equations.
Students begin by studying basic head anatomy and feature structure.
Students begin by studying magnets and making a compass.
Students begin by studying the basic developmental problems of late adolescence.
Students begin by studying the Greenhouse Effect, using printed and on-line resources.
Students begin by studying various types of communities and learning economic concepts.
Students begin by submitting a substantial proposal for the research project they want to undertake.
Students begin by taking a common group of courses.
Students begin by taking an animal science course in the spring to learn the basics.
Students begin by taking turns rolling a die and taking that number of pennies for their board.
Students begin by tracing simple vertical and horizontal lines on the screen.
Students begin by using batteries, wire, and a light bulb to build a circuit on their own.
Students begin by viewing and listening to an anchor story that ends with a challenge.
Students begin by watching a dramatic three-act film and taking notes.
Students begin by writing a literacy autobiography.
Students begin by writing essays based on their own perceptions and understanding of the world.
Students begin career planning in their first semester.
Students begin carrying out research upon entering the program, and do so throughout their careers.
Students begin clerkships in community pharmacy practice.
Students begin clinical practice during the second year.
Students begin clinical work in second year.
Students begin collecting materials for their classroom decorations.
Students begin communicating in French from the first class day.
Students begin communicating in Spanish from the first class day.
Students begin completing college applications.
Students begin constructing their own web page as an ongoing assignment.
Students begin co-ops at the end of the sophomore year.
Students begin counseling in a variety of ways.
Students begin creating their personal portfolios.
Students begin developing claims about a primary text, issue, or object of study.
Students begin developing worksheets.
Students begin dialogue on discussion board with each other and faculty.
Students begin dissertation research in the second year and also attend seminars and journal clubs.
Students begin doing recordings.
Students begin each class together, and graduate together.
Students begin each day with a brief assembly and pep talk from the principal.
Students begin each day, from the first day, with a question chart.
Students begin each investigation by learning about the requirements of their imaginary job.
Students begin each lesson by viewing a video clip relative to the unit theme.
Students begin each lesson with a tutorial of the concept.
Students begin each semester with a three-week program of intensive Japanese language instruction.
Students begin each semester with grand goals and intentions.
Students begin each term in academic classes and move on to culinary lab classes.
Students begin each year with a variety of abilities and experiences.
Students begin either in Florence or in London, then change cities.
Students begin entering class in staggering intervals and sit down.
Students begin experiments.
Students begin exploring career interests in middle school.
Students begin fall term each year.
Students begin field placement fall semester only and continue during spring semester.
Students begin field placements in the fall semester.
Students begin filling out all six sides of the cube on the prepared reproducible.
Students begin formal language instruction.
Students begin full scale construction of project.
Students begin graduate course work while completing a bachelor s degree.
Students begin graduate study in the fall term.
Students begin group story work, emphasis on character.
Students begin handling cases during the second month.
Students begin in arithmetic and advance into algebra and geometry.
Students begin in classrooms for lessons and all kinds of activities.
Students begin in entry-level positions and learn about the requirements of the individual business.
Students begin in scattered formation.
Students begin in the fall semester.
Students begin in the Left Ventricle as an oxygenated blood cell.
Students begin intensive study in their major area as sophomores.
Students begin intensive theatre study as sophomores.
Students begin investigations.
Students begin journals and magazines with a variety of audiences in mind.
Students begin keeping notes as an aid to essay writing later in the unit.
Students begin keeping their journals.
Students begin keyboarding classes in the second grade.
Students begin keyboarding lessons in the third grade.
Students begin learning about each other and the llamas they lead along the trail.
Students begin learning how to conduct and report psychological research.
Students begin learning layout and twisting somersaults on the floor and on the tumble track.
Students begin learning to express their ideas in Speaking and Writing in the primary grades.
Students begin looking for the golden ratio and rectangles in the environment.
Students begin meeting with their mentor during their junior or senior year.
Students begin motion as soon as the frictional force is diminished by the air.
Students begin observational clinical experiences with the first coursework.
Students begin observing and recording in frog shaped journals.
Students begin on the first of the month and end on the last of each month.
Students begin or continue taking prerequisite courses .
Students begin patient interaction in their third week of training.
Students begin peaceful sit-ins to desegregate downtown business and restaurants.
Students begin pitching ideas.
Students begin planning their high school career in eighth grade.
Students begin portfolio of legal documents developed throughout program of study.
Students begin Portuguese classes and identify mentors and research projects.
Students begin practical applications.
Students begin practicing and preparing for the event at the start of the school year.
Students begin preparations for the assembly.
Students begin preparing early in the year for the exam.
Students begin pre-registration for spring semester with their advisers and the director.
Students begin prerequisite nursing courses in the freshman year.
Students begin production of a portfolio of art created on the computer.
Students begin production of papers within international teams.
Students begin professional development as undergraduates.
Students begin professional nursing studies in the fall semester of the junior year.
Students begin reading over it .
Students begin reading published autobiographies from the list in preparation for their reports.
Students begin receiving research training in their first year.
Students begin rehearsals with a vigorous physical workout.
Students begin rehearsing the play.
Students begin repaying the loan six months after ceasing to be enrolled at least half time.
Students begin repayment on a monthly basis, six months after the cessation of studies.
Students begin replacing the tourists in the outdoor cafes and bars.
Students begin research during first class, continue through second and possibly third class.
Students begin research during their first year.
Students begin research early.
Students begin research for debate.
Students begin research in the sponsor's laboratory as soon as possible.
Students begin researching the person, place, or event that was chosen.
Students begin returning materials and putting their assignment in the top maroon tray.
Students begin school at six years old and go until they are seventeen.
Students begin school with few writing skills.
Students begin searching for their words.
Students begin selecting topics for term papers and class project.
Students begin service the fourth week of the semester and finish the last week of classes.
Students begin some form of catechetical ministry.
Students begin specialized, rather than generalized, studies earlier in their college careers.
Students begin study at the mathematical level consistent with their ability and previous education.
Students begin study in one of four foreign languages beginning inthe seventh grade.
Students begin study of French or Spanish language focusing on pronunciation and oral comprehension.
Students begin studying contemporary editing practices.
Students begin supplementary read- ing outside of class.
Students begin taking engineering classes and labs their first semester.
Students begin taking keyboarding class in the sixth grade.
Students begin taking management courses from the very beginning of the freshman year.
Students begin taking math in elementary school and continue taking it in high school.
Students begin taking nursing courses in the first semester of the sophomore year.
Students begin the class by observing nature.
Students begin the course by learning the fundamentals of safety and sanitation.
Students begin the course by reading about creativity and trying to define it.
Students begin the course with no knowledge of the programming language.
Students begin the coursework for the major at the junior year.
Students begin the curriculum by declaring a pre-computer science major.
Students begin the day with four lessons of rigorous instruction each morning.
Students begin the day with four lessons or rigorous instruction each morning.
Students begin the electronics curriculum with the study of Direct current electricity.
Students begin the experiment by investigating how selected toys function on Earth.
Students begin the integrated core sequences in their second or third undergraduate semesters.
Students begin the lesson with a shared reading of a poem.
Students begin the mandatory state certification process by taking the first appraisal course.
Students begin the matriculation process when they hand in their application for admission.
Students begin the module by comparing elements of the daytime and nighttime skies.
Students begin the module by describing the physical properties of a familiar object.
Students begin the module by going outdoors on a sunny day and exploring their shadows.
Students begin the nursing major in the junior year.
Students begin the process by attending an information session during fall quarter.
Students begin the process of communicating their ideas to others.
Students begin the professional program fall quarter.
Students begin the program as one group, and finish the program as one group.
Students begin the program as sophomores or juniors.
Students begin the program by attending an orientation.
Students begin the program by enrolling in an Honors course.
Students begin the program either in autumn or winter.
Students begin the program in the fall and continue throughout the school year.
Students begin the program in the fall semester.
Students begin the program in the freshman year.
Students begin the program in the junior year.
Students begin the program in the spring semester of the sophomore year.
Students begin the program in their junior year and complete the program upon graduation.
Students begin the program solving randomly generated problem sets involving mixed operations.
Students begin the program with a battery of tests to determine their strengths and weaknesses.
Students begin the program, as high school freshmen and continue through their senior year.
Students begin the project by researching famous buildings from around the modern or historic world.
Students begin the school year with their correct age groups.
Students begin the semester with a study of minerals and rocks.
Students begin the semester with a study of populations, ecology and ecosystems.
Students begin the semester with the computer simulation.
Students begin the semester with twenty bonus points.
Students begin the state certification process by taking the first appraisal course.
Students begin the study by performing a horizontal sagital cut through the length of the stomach.
Students begin the study of Catalan in the second year of their degree.
Students begin the study of the grammar and vocabulary needed to translate Latin.
Students begin the task by cutting out a sun and placing it on black construction paper.
Students begin the trip with a choice of guides and a set of supplies.
Students begin the unit building with cubes and later build with geometric shapes.
Students begin the unit by examining a sample of classroom trash.
Students begin the unit by taking an on line pre test about bats.
Students begin the unit developing popcorn sales for the school.
Students begin the unit.
Students begin the year by building their own simple vehicles.
Students begin the year designing their own bacteria culture lab.
Students begin the year developing a cover page for their guidance folders using the kidpix program.
Students begin the year wide-eyed and eager to learn.
Students begin the year with a preliminary intensive French course and program orientation.
Students begin the year with a pre-session of approximately four weeks.
Students begin the year with several months of coaching.
Students begin their academic portfolio their freshman year in the introductory lab course.
Students begin their bark painting on brown paper.
Students begin their commitment after completion of their bachelor's degree.
Students begin their dental school education within the first year.
Students begin their doctoral coursework in the fall semester of the year.
Students begin their doctoral studies in the fall semester only.
Students begin their field experiences in classrooms while continuing to take courses on campus.
Students begin their first of two work terms after completing three consecutive academic terms.
Students begin their first work term after completing at least four academic terms.
Students begin their formal education with a special time - Kindergarten.
Students begin their internship during the fall of their junior year.
Students begin their internship either in the fall or spring of their junior year.
Students begin their intersession classes.
Students begin their investigations of tapestry by creating a sampler of join techniques.
Students begin their majors at different times.
Students begin their participant observation exercise.
Students begin their patient care experiences during their first year of study.
Students begin their placements the second week of the semester at three days per week.
Students begin their play.
Students begin their political science major by consulting an advisor.
Students begin their portfolios during their sophomore year.
Students begin their program by taking a course called The Adult Student.
Students begin their program in the fall semester at their cluster site.
Students begin their projects by forming groups and brainstorming story topics and plots.
Students begin their research by learning some basic ideas about climate.
Students begin their research experiences early in their programs.
Students begin their research in class.
Students begin their research in the first year, and most finish in their fifth year.
Students begin their rough drafts of journal entries.
Students begin their study in Asia with a six-day stay in Tokyo.
Students begin their study in entomology with selected insect biology courses.
Students begin their study of English with an introductory seminar.
Students begin their study of mathematics at a level based on their interest and experience.
Students begin their study of mathematics at a level based on their interests and experience.
Students begin their study with prenursing courses in the first year.
Students begin their supervised practice experiences in the summer of their second year.
Students begin their transition from university student to professional teacher.
Students begin their work on group research projects and research competencies.
Students begin their works.
Students begin their writing coursework in the first year of study.
Students begin thesis research soon in their second year after completing the selected courses.
Students begin thinking about how the project went and consider possibilities for the future.
Students begin thinking like scientists.
Students begin to acquire a wider range of vocabulary and grammatical structures.
Students begin to acquire skills in listening, speaking, writing, and reading the Japanese language.
Students begin to allow each other the time to digest and formulate their own ideas and questions.
Students begin to apply their knowledge to clinical situations.
Students begin to apply theoretical concepts to the occupational therapy process.
Students begin to appreciate the impact that business transactions have on individuals and society.
Students begin to ask questions.
Students begin to associate spoken words with their written form.
Students begin to assume more responsibility for their own writing and organization.
Students begin to become familiar with organelles that can be seen with phase contrast.
Students begin to brainstorm about their own experiences for the puppet show.
Students begin to build a positive feeling toward science.
Students begin to color with base colors, fill in the large areas.
Students begin to communicate more precisely as they learn the past perfect and imperfect tenses.
Students begin to complete the usability report form.
Students begin to concentrate on a major area of study in third year.
Students begin to connect mathematics to other subjects and to everyday life.
Students begin to coordinate front and back crawl and are introduced to the elementary backstroke.
Students begin to create reports using word processing programs.
Students begin to define their own positions and to articulate pedagogical rationales.
Students begin to describe art terms and see ordinary objects in new ways.
Students begin to design the web page.
Students begin to determine the definition of respect as a value.
Students begin to develop a geometric vocabulary.
Students begin to develop a personal drawing style.
Students begin to develop a positive attitude toward another language and culture.
Students begin to develop a preference for reading works by particular authors.
Students begin to develop a professional portfolio.
Students begin to develop an individual painting style.
Students begin to develop life-drawing skills, a process that continues through most of the course.
Students begin to develop reading comprehension skills through short stories, plays and poetry.
Students begin to develop the skills of listening, reading, speaking, and writing Russian.
Students begin to develop their competency portfolio for ACMI endorsement.
Students begin to develop their job-search strategies in the first year.
Students begin to do learning tasks without needing to be reminded or prompted.
Students begin to document, write, and edit their portfolio of prior leaning.
Students begin to draft their own goals and action plan for implementing their search.
Students begin to draft their own goals and action plans for implementing their search.
Students begin to draw objects and people in proportion.
Students begin to draw on the mummy case using their group sketch.
Students begin to encounter literary forms.
Students begin to engage in trial preparation.
Students begin to establish a personal support network.
Students begin to explore capstone options.
Students begin to explore the Internet and become acquainted with e-mail.
Students begin to explore the world of work and the requisite academic preparation.
Students begin to explore various techniques that can be effectively utilized.
Students begin to familiarize themselves with some of the general concepts of architecture.
Students begin to familiarize themselves with the capabilities of architectural visualization.
Students begin to feel cared about and important as individuals.
Students begin to feel joyous as they realize summer vacation is only three months away.
Students begin to feel part of the content, when they look search the Internet for information.
Students begin to feel success in the group setting.
Students begin to feel they're important in the classroom.
Students begin to find relationship between general education and courses in the major.
Students begin to focus on individual colleges, and the hard work of writing applications begins.
Students begin to focus on individual goals.
Students begin to focus on particular areas of development.
Students begin to function independently.
Students begin to gather information as they work to solve the problem.
Students begin to grasp the living reality of history.
Students begin to guess words.
Students begin to have opportunities to pass the demonstrations in ninth grade.
Students begin to hold simple conversations and to write simple exercises in Javanese.
Students begin to identify a research area of interest related to the developmental disabilities.
Students begin to identify the components of a watershed and the flow of water.
Students begin to identify with teams of teachers and students from their career school.
Students begin to identify with the role of the professional nurse.
Students begin to increase their endurance.
Students begin to investigate health in the broader context of community.
Students begin to lead activities under supervision and be introduced to documentation requirements.
Students begin to learn and to apply the relationships between materials and meaning.
Students begin to learn game strategies, rules, and etiquette.
Students begin to learn how to convert their spreadsheets into charts and graphs.
Students begin to learn keyboarding, basic computer operations, and appropriate terminology.
Students begin to learn more advanced ballet and tap steps, along with some fun creative movement.
Students begin to learn new concepts right away as they review concepts from first grade.
Students begin to learn the different types of Italian language .
Students begin to learn to communicate orally and in written form.
Students begin to leave the college in anticipation of war.
Students begin to make career choices.
Students begin to monitor their own writing for errors.
Students begin to move their bodies through space.
Students begin to participate appropriately in class, complete homework, and study for tests.
Students begin to plan their own catchment model.
Students begin to practice interpreting skills consecutively.
Students begin to practice the skills they leaned in massage therapy in a supervised clinic setting.
Students begin to prepare for Checkpoint B of the New York State Syllabus.
Students begin to prepare for post secondary education as soon as they enter high school.
Students begin to prepare for the competition soon after the beginning of the school year.
Students begin to prepare for the competition soon after the school year begins.
Students begin to question their basic assumptions about race in America.
Students begin to read short novels, plays, poetry, and essays.
Students begin to read to learn, as well as to discover the joy of reading.
Students begin to realize that they have to be reflective educators.
Students begin to realize the hierarchical relevance of project designed in mathematics.
Students begin to receive financial aid packages from colleges.
Students begin to recognize sight words and to make associations of sounds with letters.
Students begin to recognize the use of numbers in everyday life.
Students begin to recognize their interests, abilities, and values in regard to physical education.
Students begin to research cancer.
Students begin to research their issue area and begin to work on their position statement .
Students begin to resist being drawn off task by others' inappropriate behavior.
Students begin to review lifetime sports and activities for lifetime wellness planning.
Students begin to see mathematical applications in their world.
Students begin to see relationships, find connections and make generalizations and predictions.
Students begin to see the importance of using all their senses to capture specific details.
Students begin to see the relevance of algebra in their world.
Students begin to see the value of anticipating where a line of questions is heading.
Students begin to see their fantasy homes in a new way.
Students begin to share snapshots and thoughtshots found in novels being read.
Students begin to share their parents' dream of being a united family again.
Students begin to specialize during the sophomore year.
Students begin to specialize in manufacturing engineering in the sophomore year.
Students begin to specialize in their second year by taking courses on child and adolescent topics.
Students begin to study the issue of human rights.
Students begin to take business subjects as early as their first year.
Students begin to take greater interest in some specific subject and they are encouraged to do so.
Students begin to take occupational therapy courses in their freshman year.
Students begin to take simple notes and compile notes into outlines.
Students begin to tear down the posts in earnest.
Students begin to think critically about what they read, view and hear.
Students begin to think differently about it.
Students begin to think through the issues and complexities themselves.
Students begin to translate authentic Latin from famous Roman authors.
Students begin to understand how Superfund sites are created.
Students begin to understand that many activities in their daily lives today depend on computers.
Students begin to understand the connectivity of objects in the solar system by a common source.
Students begin to understand their own skills.
Students begin to use a word processing program.
Students begin to use electronic mail to communicate.
Students begin to use instrumental methods for chemical studies in their freshman year.
Students begin to use source video as part of a layered or manipulated work.
Students begin to use the content during the second phase of the model.
Students begin to use the kana syllabaries instead of romaji from the beginning of their study.
Students begin to use the nursing process in the care of clients in healthcare facilities.
Students begin to use the school library on-line catalog to find information.
Students begin to use the words on their file as a word bank.
Students begin to view government with an eye for the values it expresses.
Students begin to view the science lab as a waste of time.
Students begin to work harder.
Students begin to work with algebraic concepts in the third grade.
Students begin to write a paragraph using word processing programs.
Students begin to write in an expanding environment of literary and linguistic knowledge.
Students begin to write more and for longer periods of time.
Students begin to write to other students in places they never knew existed.
Students begin training fall semester of each year.
Students begin two-quarter sequence in fall quarter.
Students begin using computers as early as kindergarten.
Students begin using new messaging system.
Students begin using research-quality instruments in the first semester of their coursework.
Students begin using simple graphic design programs to illustrate their work in kindergarten.
Students begin using the map and putting answers on the answer sheet .
Students begin watching filmstrips for unit.
Students begin wearing school uniforms.
Students begin wearing Spring uniforms.
Students begin with a discussion about environmental research.
Students begin with a discussion of how units of measurement evolve.
Students begin with a lesson on Internet and library use for research purposes.
Students begin with a piece of rectangular paper representing the earth.
Students begin with a process for self-awareness.
Students begin with a quick background on the development of the horse as a species.
Students begin with a research and advocacy paper of their own choosing.
Students begin with a review of basic mathematical concepts.
Students begin with a solved example by entering commands and then observing the results.
Students begin with a standard first year including two full-year mathematics courses.
Students begin with a subject and, essentially, animate it.
Students begin with a very basic model - constant velocity.
Students begin with a weeklong summer training camp.
Students begin with a yearlong seminar-colloquia.
Students begin with advisers who are their instructors in their First Year Course.
Students begin with an empty pan balance.
Students begin with an individualized menu of programs and proceed at their own pace.
Students begin with an introductory module at each of the three stages.
Students begin with core courses that combine theory and practice and provide a base for fieldwork.
Students begin with courses in basketry, fiber arts, and weaving.
Students begin with courses in figure drawing, perspective, and light and shade.
Students begin with daily exercises and drills in grammatical analysis and mechanics.
Students begin with dockside rowing and quickly progress to rowing sleek shells.
Students begin with drawing and sketching and progress to using color with paints and other media.
Students begin with drawing, then painting from the cast and figure.
Students begin with easy poses and progress to more difficult ones.
Students begin with foundation courses, which are followed by more strategically oriented courses.
Students begin with fundamental courses in composition, creative writing, and literature.
Students begin with introductory courses in general oceanography and marine biology.
Students begin with introductory exercises with still life and the figure.
Students begin with investigations of the European exploration and settlement of North America.
Students begin with live tissue and conclude with electron micrographs.
Students begin with only information relevant to their assigned identities.
Students begin with oxy-acetylene welding and then advance into the arc processes.
Students begin with prehistoric art and continue through art of the twentieth century.
Students begin with tap and ballet classes, and advance to the jazz class.
Students begin with the elements of a business plan for a start-up firm.
Students begin with the notes or ideas generated during pre-writing.
Students begin with the tandem phase of training.
Students begin with their arms up in a parabola shape.
Students begin with using basic observational skills and explore how plants and animals survive.
Students begin with very simple parts and slowly learn to build more complex parts and assemblies.
Students begin with West Coast Swing Fundamentals and then progress to West Coast Swing Unlimited.
Students begin work on the dissertation during their third year.
Students begin work on the dissertation topic during the third year.
Students begin work on the price index calculation.
Students begin working in real engineering projects from their first term on campus.
Students begin working in their specialization.
Students begin working on an assigned essay outside of class.
Students begin working on computers in pre-kindergarten.
Students begin working on philosophical problems in their first courses.
Students begin working on their final products.
Students begin working with children early in their academic careers.
Students begin working with clients during their second semester in the program.
Students begin working with patients in the campus clinic in the second quarter of the second year.
Students begin worksite internships in their junior year.
Students begin writing a senior thesis.
Students begin writing journals in which they respond to the readings.
Students begin writing more quickly.
Students begin writing process.
Students begin writing rough drafts.
Students begin writing short paragraphs in Spanish.
Students begin writing their autobiographies in letter format to their pen pal.
Students begin writing their individual final projects.
Students begin writing their story.
Students beginning university study are likely to experience a wide range of problems.
Students begins shooting their first week in school.
Students behave as law firm colleagues with the computer literate helping the less sophisticated.
Students behave differently before lunch and after lunch.
Students behave during class.
Students behave respectfully toward their parents.
Students behave violently to express anger or frustration, to show off, or to protect themselves.
Students being able to have choices is always good.
Students being dismissed at the end of the school day are to be met in teh library.
Students being prepared for work at the college are happy with their programs.
Students being students are never to be seen to miss a party disco night.
Students being transported are under authority of the bus driver.
Students being transported are under the direction of the bus driver.
Students being transported are under the direction of the school bus driver.
Students believe computer technology enhances the learning environment and facilitates research.
Students believe constant speed needs some cause to sustain it.
Students believe faculty are moderately important to their success.
Students believe in technology, understand technology and want to be as close to it as they can.
Students believe in the power of community service to bring about positive results.
Students believe in themselves, the campus is beautiful, and attitudes are good.
Students believe it is their right to drink to distruction.
Students believe more violence takes place in the classroom and athletic areas than teachers report.
Students believe substance use is much more common than it is.
Students believe that all courses are merely hurdles in the path of achieving a degree.
Students believe that materialism is most important.
Students believe that moon phases are caused by Earth's shadow.
Students believe that others cheat and get away with it, so they cheat too.
Students believe that Soul can relate to the trials of being a teenager.
Students believe that the only information worth knowing is that which is to be tested.
Students believe that their action is only the beginning of a mass movement to redirect the public.
Students believe that their success is due mostly to their own effort.
Students believe their swing only needs a minor change and that it can be fixed within minutes.
Students believe they are being taken seriously.
Students believe they can learn and demonstrate personal and social responsibility.
Students believe they count as individuals in the school.
Students believe they have ability and motivation as long as supportive environment is available.
Students believe they have little motivation or ability to complete the task.
Students belong to a small group.
Students belong to an organization of peers hacing the same educational goals and objectives.
Students belong to every nation and every religion.
Students belonging to a home institution go to an overseas host institution.
Students below represent an outstanding group of trainees.
Students benchmark the performance of kitchen mixers from a variety of manufacturers.
Students bend one of the paper clips to form a hook to attach the cup to one end of a rubber band.
Students bend the assembly while putting the flute together.
Students benefit a great deal from seeing the practice of loftyideals.
Students benefit as both teachers and interns learn new and better ways to teach.
Students benefit as well from the anecdotes the elders share.
Students benefit at all ages.
Students benefit because all machines are standardized.
Students benefit because staff work closely together on curriculum and extended activities.
Students benefit because they have immediate access to course materials at any location.
Students benefit by access to career and college information.
Students benefit by being able to access courses from any of the consortium partners.
Students benefit by developing a real system.
Students benefit by earning college credit for classes while still in high school.
Students benefit by getting hands-on experience and by establishing connections in that field.
Students benefit by getting practice working in a client relationship.
Students benefit by having a different media venue to use as part of the overall learning process.
Students benefit by having a wider variety of career choices available.
Students benefit by having access to financial aid information to help plan for a career.
Students benefit by having an additional adult role models in our schools.
Students benefit by having the best new teachers.
Students benefit by having the opportunity to study with a foreign educator.
Students benefit by the opportunity to study at their own convenience, time, pace and place.
Students benefit by their associations with such highly qualified individuals.
Students benefit by understanding the uses of managerial accounting in actual business practice.
Students benefit directly and immediately from gifts of all sizes.
Students benefit directly from faculty's experience.
Students benefit directly through cost savings.
Students benefit doubly from the intense instruction and individual attention.
Students benefit from a broader perspective, while gaining a greater appreciation.
Students benefit from a collaborative atmosphere and being able to interact with other lab members.
Students benefit from a comprehensive school to work system.
Students benefit from a comprehensive training while developing their own areas of expertise.
Students benefit from a faculty thus composed.
Students benefit from a high level of participation in a small group environment.
Students benefit from a highly trained and qualified staff and a wide range of course offerings.
Students benefit from a language that offers so much.
Students benefit from a learning environment which is enhanced by the presence of parents.
Students benefit from a rich blend of academic, cultural, social and extracurricular pursuits.
Students benefit from a variety of opportunities to interact with other students.
Students benefit from a variety of support systems and modern, well-equipped facilities.
Students benefit from access to training in research methods in both departments.
Students benefit from accreditation.
Students benefit from an assortment of choices in arts, athletics, organizations, and service.
Students benefit from an environment with myriad opportunities for enriching learning experiences.
Students benefit from an equal learning experience.
Students benefit from an intellectually rich and stimulating academic environment.
Students benefit from an international exposure in attitudes and experiences.
Students benefit from applying their learning.
Students benefit from applying theory through projects.
Students benefit from close contact with faculty who also perform regularly.
Students benefit from close contact with faculty.
Students benefit from close contact with the faculty, small class sizes, and personalized advising.
Students benefit from close interaction with nationally recognized artists and scholars.
Students benefit from close links with social service and voluntary organisations.
Students benefit from collaborative relationships and experience with partner schools and agencies.
Students benefit from collaborative relationships and experience with schools and agencies.
Students benefit from communicating with people of different cultural heritage and experience.
Students benefit from computers because it expands their education.
Students benefit from continuous individualized career advancement throughout their studies.
Students benefit from continuous individualized career advisement throughout their studies.
Students benefit from cutting edge equipment and faculty members with professional experience.
Students benefit from decades of international experience and involvement by faculty.
Students benefit from directed observation of nature.
Students benefit from diverse points of view in such an interdisciplinary exposure.
Students benefit from entrepreneurship education in many ways.
Students benefit from expanding cultural conceptions.
Students benefit from experienced faculty, small classes and industry-standard equipment.
Students benefit from experiencing the industrial environment firsthand.
Students benefit from exposure to a variety of instructional strategies appropriate to their needs.
Students benefit from exposure to learning in a variety of situations.
Students benefit from exposure to some of the best teachers in the country.
Students benefit from exposure to the computer-based learning in ther regular classroooms.
Students benefit from extra nutrition while the district enjoys increased revenues.
Students benefit from extracurricular school activities by making friends and learning new things.
Students benefit from first-hand information about landscaping, horticulture and more.
Students benefit from first-hand knowledge of Japan.
Students benefit from flexibility and collaboration among teachers.
Students benefit from four or five computers, with Internet access, in each room.
Students benefit from frequent opportunities for feedback and self-assessment.
Students benefit from full use of community resources.
Students benefit from good positioning.
Students benefit from group sessions where role-play is possible, and from individual study.
Students benefit from guest artists, excellent ensembles and professional private instruction.
Students benefit from having their instructors nearby to answer questions.
Students benefit from immediate behavior correction.
Students benefit from improved narrative skill.
Students benefit from increases in adults opportunities to communicate with each other.
Students benefit from increases in adults' opportunities to communicate with each other.
Students benefit from individual instruction and group discussion.
Students benefit from individualized assignments that concentrate on their particular needs.
Students benefit from interacting with experts and joining a larger community of scholars.
Students benefit from interactions with teachers that provide corrective feedback.
Students benefit from knowing what they are going to learn.
Students benefit from learning a variety of sentence types.
Students benefit from living together with peers interested in research.
Students benefit from lower tuition and fees for courses taught at a community college.
Students benefit from more effective teaching and school organization.
Students benefit from more individual help when teachers have fewer rather than more students.
Students benefit from one point of service and expanded course offerings.
Students benefit from portfolios documenting their long term growth as writers.
Students benefit from practical experience and from references they can use in later job searches.
Students benefit from practical, hands-on experience as a way to sharpen their skills.
Students benefit from practising both approaches to problem-solving.
Students benefit from reinforcement of skills taught in their Developmental courses.
Students benefit from school experience throughout the whole period of their study and training.
Students benefit from seeing their efforts result in something that helps others.
Students benefit from seeing their progress.
Students benefit from several trips and excursions included in the cost of the program.
Students benefit from small class size and award-winning professors.
Students benefit from small class sizes, a demanding curriculum, and outstanding faculty.
Students benefit from small class sizes, selective admissions, and a committed faculty.
Students benefit from small class sizes.
Students benefit from small lecture sections of thirty or less.
Students benefit from small-class sizes, a multinational faculty and student body.
Students benefit from small-group projects, because they cooperate rather than compete.
Students benefit from specific academic advising and open house programs.
Students benefit from strong family involvement and support.
Students benefit from strong quantitative training as well as close ties with industry.
Students benefit from strong quantitative training as well as the close ties with industry.
Students benefit from such variety.
Students benefit from supervised practice in field placements.
Students benefit from support characterized by individual kindness and consideration.
Students benefit from teachers being rotated each week.
Students benefit from teachers who are intent on understanding individual strengths and needs.
Students benefit from the academic studies that accompany the technical training.
Students benefit from the anecdotes the elders share.
Students benefit from the assignments and follow-through connected with such instruction.
Students benefit from the chance to work with professionals on the frontiers of business.
Students benefit from the collective expertise of the paraprofessionals.
Students benefit from the combining of professors' varying areas of expertise in a single course.
Students benefit from the co-op program in many ways.
Students benefit from the direction and expertise of a live instructor.
Students benefit from the diverse experiences of their colleagues.
Students benefit from the experience as well.
Students benefit from the hands-on real world learning experience.
Students benefit from the harmonious blend of cultures.
Students benefit from the high priority given by the history department to academic advising.
Students benefit from the higher level of detail during evaluation of their performance.
Students benefit from the instructors' years of experience on the job and in the classroom.
Students benefit from the integration of multiple learning modalities and traditional lectures.
Students benefit from the international contacts of the department.
Students benefit from the lab, the tutors, and the role models.
Students benefit from the latest technologies in videoconferencing.
Students benefit from the latest technology.
Students benefit from the life, environment and all facilities.
Students benefit from the mix of perspectives and experiences held by participants in courses.
Students benefit from the moment they join.
Students benefit from the power, speed, and resources the Internet provides.
Students benefit from the program s strong relationships with the professional community.
Students benefit from the questions in five ways.
Students benefit from the soccer program in various ways.
Students benefit from the strengths of both schools.
Students benefit from the study of biochemistry and biophysics in many ways.
Students benefit from the study of psychology in two important ways.
Students benefit from the teaching and support services of both institutions.
Students benefit from the use of visual aids, handouts and any multimedia approach.
Students benefit from the wide range of subjects they can pursue in the major.
Students benefit from the wide-ranging research interests of the faculty.
Students benefit from their experience in many ways.
Students benefit from their experience, perspectives and contacts.
Students benefit from their parents' active involvement in schooling.
Students benefit from their professor's extensive research on the topic.
Students benefit from their professors, many of whom work in their fields off-campus.
Students benefit from their teachers' experience.
Students benefit from unique programs that can be completed in a realistic timeframe.
Students benefit from VELJ membership in many ways.
Students benefit from wide flexibility in investigating their areas of interest.
Students benefit from working in an educational and professional environment.
Students benefit from working with integrated materials and a flexible learning environment.
Students benefit from working with professionals and from performing in a professional facility.
Students benefit greatly by being a member of a student organization.
Students benefit greatly from a ratio of one faculty member for every two mathematics majors.
Students benefit greatly from hearing and studying pieces far beyond their skills to perform.
Students benefit greatly from the extracurricular activities in a small rural school.
Students benefit greatly from the resulting close relationship with employers.
Students benefit greatly from the rich informational resources available by access to the internet.
Students benefit if complex tasks are broken down into their component elements.
Students benefit immensely from close commenting.
Students benefit in a number of ways.
Students benefit in a variety of ways.
Students benefit in many ways from using the Internet to receive help and feedback online.
Students benefit in several ways.
Students benefit indirectly as technology empowers our faculty.
Students benefit initially by developing a new core of knowledge.
Students benefit most from attending daily presentations and lessons by our teachers.
Students benefit most from classroom instruction when class sizes are smaller.
Students benefit most when evaluation is provided on a regular, ongoing basis.
Students benefit most when they make their own choices for their individual mix.
Students benefit no matter how they place in their local competition.
Students benefit personally, academically, and professionally.
Students benefit the experience and culture of Hip-Hop.
Students benefit through better academic advising and counseling.
Students benefit through better educational experiences and enhanced employment opportunities.
Students benefit through leadership training and learning to work effectively in small groups.
Students benefit when colleges limit excessive drinking.
Students benefit when evaluation is provided on a regular, ongoing basis.
Students benefit when families and school staff are working in a collaborative manner.
Students benefit when the teacher provides a rubric.
Students benefit when their teachers have developed clear models of their student thinking.
Students benefit when they are held to clear and appropriate expectations.
Students benefit when they clearly understand the learning goals and learning expectations.
Students benefit when they clearly understand the learning goals and the learning expectations.
Students benefit with the increased choices available and the nutrient contribution to their diets.
Students benefit, and patients benefit.
Students benefit, as well, from a high teacher to student ratio at the school.
Students berate before even having a sense of what it is all about.
Students best learn by doing.
Students best learn science by doing science.
Students best served by the program are generally high ability, underachieving high school youth.
Students better understand the relevance of science to their own lives.
Students bind their own books using traditional tools and techniques.
Students blame cheap Japanese labor for our trade deficit.
Students blame teachers for their non-seriousness.
Students blast anti-affirmative action measure There is strength in numbers.
Students blend individual phonemes or onsets and rimes to form words.
Students blend the phonemes together and say the word.
Students blossom as they gain confidence and self-esteem from learning to read.
Students blow bubbles with a bubble solution and measure the diameter of the bubble they have blown.
Students blow into a straw to observe the pitch of the sound produced.
Students blow up and tie balloons and set on desks for constant observation.
Students board the bus and depart for their school.
Students board the elevator at the beginning of class, walking into a room full of strangers.
Students boast of their own abortions or ones they have been involved in.
Students bookmark sites for both daily stock updates and for corporate information.
Students borrow directly from a private lending institution.
Students borrow the money from a bank, credit union or savings and loan association.
Students bounce around aimlessly like pinballs.
Students bow to the judges, then to each other, then the defender bows again and begins seisan kata.
Students brace walls before leaving after a morning of work.
Students brainstorm a list of jobs in their community and the duties of each job.
Students brainstorm a list of questions to be answered by their research.
Students brainstorm a list of solutions to the earth's ecological problems.
Students brainstorm a list of what they have heard, read or seen about the conflict in Vietnam.
Students brainstorm a range of occupations and ages of people who live in the community.
Students brainstorm about a leadership poster.
Students brainstorm about the problem and form a hypothesis about the cause of the problem.
Students brainstorm about what constitutes a hero and how artists portray heroes.
Students brainstorm and categorize environmental information throughout the introduction.
Students brainstorm and categorize problems caused by drug use.
Students brainstorm and categorize ways people use water.
Students brainstorm and create thumbnails sketches in small groups.
Students brainstorm and record the names of creatures they saw at the aquarium on a cluster map.
Students brainstorm and research what happens on the prairie during their month.
Students brainstorm and share ideas.
Students brainstorm and teachers fill out chart of similarities and differences.
Students brainstorm benefits of healthful eating and physical activity.
Students brainstorm common themes and characteristics of their favorite children's stories.
Students brainstorm descriptions and transitions.
Students brainstorm descriptive words to describe the both the orchards and vineyards.
Students brainstorm factors that affect the flow of water in a river past a city.
Students brainstorm feelings.
Students brainstorm fields to be added.
Students brainstorm for project topic.
Students brainstorm for visual aids using media center materials.
Students brainstorm ideas for illustrations, eg.
Students brainstorm ideas for individual brochure.
Students brainstorm ideas for reporters.
Students brainstorm ideas, create storyboards, shoot the video, and then edit.
Students brainstorm ideas, sketch, write rough drafts, etc.
Students brainstorm in class about what plants are included in the term flowering plants.
Students brainstorm in groups and report ideas back to the class.
Students brainstorm in groups of four, deciding which topics to include in their research.
Students brainstorm in small groups, words for each letter assigned.
Students brainstorm influences on drug use.
Students brainstorm job sites that correlate to interests and preferences.
Students brainstorm methods of contraception Ask students to brainstorm contraceptive methods.
Students brainstorm occasions when they are peacemakers.
Students brainstorm on projects to help preserve the local environment.
Students brainstorm on questions to ask and topics to discuss with their mentors.
Students brainstorm on ways to create a visual biography.
Students brainstorm other effects of tobacco use.
Students brainstorm possible names for the collection.
Students brainstorm possible responses.
Students brainstorm practical applications of methods of separation.
Students brainstorm problems.
Students brainstorm rhymes with sun and other short-u words.
Students brainstorm strategies for passing the bond in the upcoming election.
Students brainstorm strategies to refuse steroids.
Students brainstorm stressful situations.
Students brainstorm to discover why the plants grown in darkness have much taller stems.
Students brainstorm to formulate follow-up questions to presentations or skits.
Students brainstorm various ways to improve overall fitness.
Students brainstorm ways that things are put into their bodies.
Students brainstorm ways to achieve an accurate web.
Students brainstorm ways to help the friend.
Students brainstorm ways to stay safe in a fire.
Students brainstorm with others and gather information from multiple sources.
Students brainstorm words that related to the image.
Students brainstorm, draw and write a recount based on their experiences.
Students brainstorm, with the teacher writing responses on the overhead.
Students brave a maze of environmental challenges to free the people.
Students brave the ice and snow on their way to classes.
Students bravely trek out onto the ice to explore the glacier up-close.
Students break complex problems into simple parts.
Students break floppy drives, keyboards, and mice regularly.
Students break for lunch in a campus courtyard.
Students break in to small groups to discuss their life experiences of coming to college.
Students break into groups and make a list of the characteristics of the case.
Students break into groups of four and plan shoot.
Students break into groups of six to read the play aloud, with each student taking a role.
Students break into pairs to develop and test an hypothesis on diversity in the study plots.
Students break into pairs, design hypothesis to conduct earthworm movement trials.
Students break into project teams of two students each.
Students break into small groups and move to classrooms for homework help.
Students break into small groups to answer the questions.
Students break minerals with a hammer and count cleavage planes.
Students break the law and ride two to a bicycle.
Students break up into groups.
Students break up into small groups to continue discussion of aging definitions and theories.
Students break up into teams of three.
Students break up into two groups and work with their science partners from last time.
Students breaking windows in school facilities are liable for the damages.
Students breed, hatch, feed, and market the crop of fish as part of the classroom activities.
Students briefly explain the problem they plan to explore.
Students briefly review functions and their graphs.
Students briefly share and discuss their answers.
Students brighten the day by being on the streets selling cakes and cookies, giving shows, etc.
Students brighten when they hear that.
Students bring a bag lunch both days .
Students bring a bag lunch every day.
Students bring a brown bag lunch for a social time between class sessions.
Students bring a brown-bag lunch and a drink each day.
Students bring a change of clothes to school every day.
Students bring a commitment to change.
Students bring a famous person to life.
Students bring a favorite object to class and tell the other learners about it.
Students bring a fresh perspective and a unique energy to a department's staff.
Students bring a grocery bag and write the title and author in marker clearly on the outside.
Students bring a provocative image, and ask the participants questions raised by the picture.
Students bring a quarter on Fridays for a delicious treat.
Students bring a sack supper to eat as the first activity.
Students bring a selection of natural and synthetic materials found at home and at school.
Students bring a snack and a lunch.
Students bring a variety of histories to class.
Students bring a wide range of requests for help.
Students bring a wide range of world knowledge and experience to the classroom.
Students bring an artifact from home or create a drawing or painting.
Students bring an entirely different set of needs to the process.
Students bring an event or experience to life by creating a sensory description.
Students bring an object from home in order to share a part of themselves with the class.
Students bring an object or symbol from the book for the trove.
Students bring ants, and help each other collect data.
Students bring approaches.
Students bring audiotapes of their interactions with their patients for review and further learning.
Students bring back medals for winning events in track and field, ice skating and basketball.
Students bring bag lunches and beverages.
Students bring brownies, cookies, cupcakes, and supplies for the bake sale.
Students bring case material for analysis and discussion.
Students bring chile to class, measure it and graph the dimensions on a computer.
Students bring clothes from home to stuff and place in their chairs, in a sitting position.
Students bring completed essays to class.
Students bring delicious lunches from home.
Students bring different approaches.
Students bring energy and enthusiasm to the job.
Students bring energy and idealism to all that they do.
Students bring examples to class and describe the process in writing.
Students bring field note books and pen.
Students bring finished reeds to class for critiquing.
Students bring fresh ideas, enthusiam and problem-solving ability to the workplace.
Students bring home few worksheets.
Students bring home the hard copy of the published newsletter.
Students bring home unbaked dough and a baked loaf of artisan-style bread.
Students bring home worksheets every night.
Students bring ideas together to form new ideas.
Students bring in an object that they connect to the text in some way.
Students bring in apples.
Students bring in articles about carpal tunnel syndrome and other current issues.
Students bring in blank tapes that are exchanged for prerecorded instructional tapes .
Students bring in calculators from home to examine their differences.
Students bring in objects from home to trade with other students.
Students bring in old tube socks to use as erasers.
Students bring in pop tabs too.
Students bring in real world samples they find for each category listed above.
Students bring in real-world writing projects and learn to work collaboratively.
Students bring in sentences they've found for analysis in class.
Students bring in texts to work with.
Students bring in their old books and get a credit for each book they turn in.
Students bring in their questions and divide into small groups.
Students bring in things they wish to auction off.
Students bring in two pictures from magazines that show action.
Students bring in viscous transparent fluids from home to test.
Students bring in written discussion questions for every class session.
Students bring jewellery and badges to class where they discuss their use and purpose.
Students bring knitting and bead supplies.
Students bring knitting supplies and yarn for their scarf.
Students bring knitting supplies.
Students bring knowledge about the latest academic research to their employers.
Students bring knowledge learned in their previous group to their new idea circle.
Students bring laptops to the classroom for individual use.
Students bring lunch from home in juice boxes, plastic bottles, plastic bags and the like.
Students bring lunch which is followed by a rest time.
Students bring materials from home.
Students bring money for personal expenses, entertainment, gifts and independent travel.
Students bring multiple learning styles to the classroom.
Students bring new ideas and enthusiasm to the workplace.
Students bring new ideas and fresh approaches.
Students bring new ideas and technology into the work site.
Students bring new insights to a lesson.
Students bring other students in for help.
Students bring out balls, jump ropes, and frisbees to play with.
Students bring out the best in their teachers when they are fully committed to learning.
Students bring out wall magazines from each department.
Students bring own tennis racquet and court shoes.
Students bring paper and pencil to the first class.
Students bring photo negatives of any size to expose to sunlight.
Students bring pictures, clothing, crafts, and videos to display to all the visitors.
Students bring pillows, blankets and their favorite book to read.
Students bring postcards from home to share.
Students bring real-world experience to the classroom.
Students bring sack lunch.
Students bring sample from pond, stream, or ditch near their home.
Students bring samples to school and observe and list the properties of each as a class.
Students bring similar experiences to class.
Students bring snacks to compare.
Students bring some glassballs from house, the others prepare their own things.
Students bring stuffed animals to school to measure and compare.
Students bring substantial knowledge to the classroom.
Students bring talents and energy to the program.
Students bring text to class.
Students bring textbooks and homework assignments.
Students bring the card to the teacher.
Students bring the items collected to the site to assist in sorting and packing.
Students bring the latest knowledge and technical expertise to the projects on which they work.
Students bring the monthly lease payment, monthly retail payment and cost of the vehicle to class.
Students bring the news item and comments to class for discussion.
Students bring the results to the next class, tally the results, and discuss their findings.
Students bring their community based learning into dialogue with classroom based coursework.
Students bring their concerns and teaching successes from their internship setting.
Students bring their costumes to school in a sack.
Students bring their ideas or concerns about safety and care to any adult for further direction.
Students bring their imaginations to the drawing board for some creative fun.
Students bring their journal notes to class.
Students bring their laptop computers to class and are online with each other and with the internet.
Students bring their laptop computers to class.
Students bring their lunch.
Students bring their lunches and eat in assigned areas, under teacher supervision.
Students bring their lunches and spend time discussing adjustment issues and strategies for coping.
Students bring their own bag lunches and drinks.
Students bring their own bag-lunch and drink.
Students bring their own bed linens and towels.
Students bring their own blankets, pillows, lamps, and personal items.
Students bring their own lunch daily.
Students bring their own lunch.
Students bring their own lunches and drinks.
Students bring their own lunches to school each day.
Students bring their own lunches, but snacks are supplied by the school.
Students bring their own lunches.
Students bring their own needles and headphones.
Students bring their own pens, pencils and calculators.
Students bring their own perspectives and abilities to the learning environment.
Students bring their own projects and materials.
Students bring their own skates.
Students bring their own sleeping bags and pillows.
Students bring their own small kitchen utensils and crockery, plus all bedding.
Students bring their own spending money and medical insurance.
Students bring their own supplies including a portable easel if desired.
Students bring their own telephones.
Students bring their own watercolor supplies.
Students bring their papers from other courses to class for revision.
Students bring their parents to school to see the display.
Students bring their penny collection to the school gymnasium.
Students bring their writings to class to work on in small groups.
Students bring to class a photograph or media print representing a personal interest.
Students bring to class pictures that illustrate concepts discussed in the lesson.
Students bring to school articles chronicling violence, crime, and the activities of supremacists.
Students bring to the campus a variety of interests as members of the academic community.
Students bring to the classroom the behavior they learn outside the classroom.
Students bring to the program a wealth of varied experiences and interests.
Students bring toys and personal possessions to school at their own risk.
Students bring two different color skeins of worsted weight yarns.
Students bring up a web page that contains event information and a form.
Students bring up the bias in news reporting.
Students bring what they know to a classroom.
Students bring willingness, enthusiasm, and a sense of adventure.
Students bring writing assignments from other courses to correct and rewrite.
Students bringing a telephone to their room have access to phone mail from their room.
Students bringing medication to school are to take it to the nurse in the clinic.
Students brings illustration to class, instructor gives it to another student to drape.
Students brings sack lunch.
Students broaden a narrow topic, or narrow a broad topic.
Students broaden their appreciation of the foreign culture.
Students broaden their expertise in operating cameras, microphones and editing equipment.
Students broaden their exposure to different types of literature via various thematic units.
Students broaden their horizons and have credit to show for it.
Students broaden their knowledge about the causes and patterns of crime.
Students broaden their understanding of the media and expand visual awareness and design skills.
Students broaden their understanding through applying what is studied to several practical problems.
Students browse and target appropriate positions and apply directly.
Students browse booths, collect literature, and chat with agency personnel.
Students browse sites and identify good design elements.
Students browse through a German TV magazine choosing films.
Students browse through shopping ads to determine the best prices of items and brainstorm a budget .
Students brush a stroke of each color on their piece of bread.
Students brush aside the dangers and think with their hormones, comments a male senior.
Students brush up on their manners by learning do's and don'ts for the dinner table.
Students budget the available time.
Students build a bike and create their own accompanying bike manual using the computer.
Students build a body of collage work which includes black and white, color, and toned images.
Students build a body of writing that reflects their evolving role in academic life.
Students build a boomilver on their own and take it to competitions and test.
Students build a brand new computer.
Students build a bridge by ordering the bars from the smallest to the tallest.
Students build a career portfolio to be taken directly into the job search.
Students build a city on the moon.
Students build a closed circuit and develop an operational definition of a closed circuit.
Students build a compiler for a mini-language.
Students build a complete compiler, by hand, for a simple language.
Students build a diagrammatic representation with arguments.
Students build a food web for the pond and model population interactions.
Students build a foundation for critical exegesis of biblical texts.
Students build a foundation for graduate work in intercultural studies.
Students build a marketing plan as one of the course requirements.
Students build a ministry library through purchase of books for the courses.
Students build a model and present it graphically through drawings and technical watercolor.
Students build a model landscape to investigate how water flows through and connects watersheds.
Students build a model of a pyramid, sarcophagus or boat.
Students build a model of a virus and create a multimedia presentation.
Students build a mosaic by coloring pieces and setting fraction parts.
Students build a network of contacts, both on campus and in the professional community.
Students build a portfolio and learn to critique the work of others.
Students build a portfolio of projects as they solve realistic problems in a case-based setting.
Students build a reference book of resource materials for themselves and potential employers.
Students build a rocket that is propelled by a balloon.
Students build a scale model of their school.
Students build a shoebox set for a given single-set play.
Students build a simple electroscope, a device that detects electrical charge.
Students build a structure similar to the bridge except that it is held at only one end.
Students build a team website as part of an exhibition competition.
Students build a toy race car powered only by a mousetrap spring.
Students build a vocabulary of Jewish living.
Students build a volcano and test a lava recipe .
Students build a Web site.
Students build a WEB site.
Students build accurate plate models that include continents and sea floors.
Students build actual language processors and perform experiments which reveal their behaviors.
Students build additional communication skills using a variety of topics and verb tenses.
Students build an eighteen-credit program by taking six courses within their favorite field.
Students build an essential vocabulary and assimilate basic grammar and sentence structures.
Students build an extensive medical vocabulary.
Students build and design, using their inventive spirits, with the colorful designs.
Students build and fly kites, hot air balloons, helicopters, planes, and rockets.
Students build and install cabinets and also construct counter tops.
Students build and investigate small-scale structures.
Students build and launch a model rotor, simulating rotors used on helicopters to provide lift.
Students build and maintain a mini-Eco system and learn how to impact their environment.
Students build and observe their aquaria in Section Two.
Students build and test circuits.
Students build and test electronic kits and electronic circuits.
Students build and test model aircraft and with cyberpals, learn about flight.
Students build and test the actual fanciful machine.
Students build artifacts from various projects and activities of the course.
Students build atomic models using materials they choose.
Students build circuits.
Students build close friendships through common goals and long, hard, focused effort.
Students build close friendships with their classmates and others living in the residence hall.
Students build composting bin with materials provided.
Students build confidence in their use of English.
Students build cords from lead sheets and perform their many chords and progressions.
Students build critical reading skills in nine exciting activities.
Students build critical thinking competencies in data interpretation.
Students build definitions using their knowledge of prefixes, roots and suffixes.
Students build electrical circuits.
Students build electronic kits-a fun way to use their new knowledge.
Students build English vocabulary through a study of Latin root words, prefixes and suffixes.
Students build fluency by increasing their reading rate, which in turn increases comprehension.
Students build functional models or prototypes using a variety of raw materials.
Students build geometry skill while using thinking strategies to discover the correct antidote.
Students build growth chambers to observe how various light colors influence plant growth.
Students build hardware interfaced to computer using programs they write.
Students build hot air balloons and hovercraft.
Students build individual pinhole cameras and develop their own photographs.
Students build introductory multi-page Web sites.
Students build keyboarding skill and learn to use the numeric keypad.
Students build knowledge of constructivist theory.
Students build language skills and become better readers.
Students build model houses and hot water heaters to discover more about solar power.
Students build models and calculate the effects of various factors on a snowboarder's speed.
Students build models to learn about molecular recognition in the immune response.
Students build models using original ideas for interior decorating and exterior design.
Students build models, crochet, and try different styles of creating portraits and pictures.
Students build multi-page Web sites.
Students build musical skills in analysis, harmonic writing, and ear training.
Students build new understandings by weaving what they already know with new information.
Students build ocean floors, and measure ocean depth by using similar methods to oceanographers.
Students build on and enhance effective communication skills.
Students build on earlier skills and focus on college and career preparation.
Students build on information acquired to date and develop a tool to assess leadership competencies.
Students build on knowledge gained through their course of study with real life experiences.
Students build on past experience for longer oral and written discourses.
Students build on prior lessons and are introduced to the idea of linear perspective.
Students build on skills and understanding already achieved.
Students build on the concepts of fraction meaning and equivalence as they operate with fractions.
Students build on the precious lessons by introduction of reading and writing music.
Students build on their basic skills and begin to develop fluency in the language.
Students build on their knowledge and skills by taking courses in sequence.
Students build on their own experiences, with the teachers serving as coaches and mentors.
Students build on their previously learned verb tenses.
Students build on their skills as behavior change educators.
Students build on what they know to create a time line.
Students build on what they learn from each chapter.
Students build one.
Students build pinhole cameras and observe images it creates.
Students build positive relationships with their peers.
Students build practical English skills for general, academic or professional purposes.
Students build professional skills develop a set of ethics consistent with community-based values.
Students build projects demonstrating advanced skills learned in previous shop courses.
Students build pyramids, make mummies, learn write hieroglyphics.
Students build raised beds in their outdoor classroom.
Students build robots and the robots compete against each other.
Students build scale models of the classroom, the school, or a monument.
Students build scores to achieve certificate levels.
Students build self esteem and become empowered as they share in groups.
Students build self-esteem as they gain computer skills as well as literacy skills.
Students build self-esteem, parents gain peace of mind, and schools save money.
Students build simple circuits.
Students build simple series circuits.
Students build simple spectroscopes and telescopes using paper towel rolls and lenses.
Students build simple, but complete, distributed real-time embedded systems.
Students build skills by conducting and taping interviews for critical analysis.
Students build skills in planning, implementing, and analyzing the effects of campaigns.
Students build skills through class, small group, and individualized instruction.
Students build skills through pre- writing, drafting, revising, and editing.
Students build skills through pre-writing, drafting, revising, and editing.
Students build small expert systems and small decision support systems.
Students build small scale physical models and write software to test ideas.
Students build strong bonds with group members that can last beyond graduation.
Students build the basics in the first year.
Students build the boat of their choice using our plans or their own.
Students build the bridges at their high schools before the competition.
Students build the bridges from basswood, a very lightweight wood.
Students build the other shapes on square and circular geoboards.
Students build their clinical reasoning skills through a case-based approach.
Students build their confidence by exploring increasingly complex ideas on successive levels.
Students build their education in nursing on previous academic and life experiences.
Students build their English fluency through weekly speaking and listening assignments.
Students build their oral fluency through pronunciation and listening comprehension exercises.
Students build their own foil boat and practice cargo placement.
Students build their own model rocket and fly it.
Students build their own personal hygiene station, just like ones the astronauts use in space.
Students build their planes from kits and then paint the planes.
Students build their sail cars.
Students build their self-esteem by creating with a variety of art media.
Students build their traps.
Students build their vocabulary skills and literal comprehension.
Students build three-dimensional scale models of rooms they design.
Students build timelines, identify symbols, and learn basic concepts of economy.
Students build understanding, piece by piece and often in highly individualistic ways.
Students build understandings of what occurs at the atomic and molecular scale.
Students build up a portfolio of work that provides evidence of the skills they have obtained.
Students build up their own clown personality.
Students build upon skills learned in the beginning course.
Students build various crafts to sell.
Students build water wells in gravel aquifers, and pump their wells using eye-droppers.
Students build with the local affiliates during the day, and do fun activities in the evening.
Students build wonderful friendships and take pride in their hall's tradition from year to year.
Students build words using prefixes.
Students build, modify and repair equipment.
Students build, write, perform, design, and produce.
Students building on basic math, pre-algebra, and geometry, as well as algebra skills are welcome.
Students bump to self, make a quarter turn, then bump to student.
Students burst into the hallways and, along with teachers, streamed out of the school.
Students bury a variety of garbage in the soil to test for decomposition.
Students buy a barber pole and drive the town.
Students buy a heart to which a piece of candy and a message are attached.
Students buy and download the text via the Internet.
Students buy and sell goods at last year's garage sale.
Students buy books from the People's Republic.
Students buy both the manuscript and the original text.
Students buy breakfasts and other dinners.
Students buy copy cards from the librarian and the machine debits the card.
Students buy film and other supplies.
Students buy gasoline, and food, and entertainment, and clothing.
Students buy good locks.
Students buy inventory and run a retail outlet, track sales and record profits.
Students buy other meals at local restaurants or eat in their homes, where permitted.
Students buy password permission to use the course materials.
Students buy supplies for projects themselves or borrow from the art department.
Students buy supplies.
Students buy their own computers, but complaints about that have been non-existent, faculty say.
Students buy their own food which in American dollars is very inexpensive.
Students buy their way into the Emory community for a few short but very expensive years.
Students buzz in and answer to a moderator, with each school going through several rounds.
Students calculate and graph data about current music.
Students calculate and solve problems involving addition, subtraction, multiplication and division .
Students calculate and solve problems involving addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
Students calculate and solve problems involving addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
Students calculate change in temperature when given amount of heat.
Students calculate cost of goods sold and profits.
Students calculate distance, time, fuel consumption, etc.
Students calculate distances on satellite images of the Dulles, Virginia area.
Students calculate energies on structures they draw.
Students calculate fat grams by using restaurant pamphlets, nutrition labels and Internet.
Students calculate features of circles using established formulas.
Students calculate force, the equilibrium of forces, and create a free-body diagram.
Students calculate how many hours and minutes of sunlight near their current location.
Students calculate how much the entrepreneur stands to profit.
Students calculate in some detail what happens in a car collision.
Students calculate momentum and relate impulse and momentum.
Students calculate power factors and capacitive loads in both series and parallel circuits.
Students calculate rate at which the water comes out of the school water fountain and basin.
Students calculate the accumulation of oil as it passes through a food pyramid.
Students calculate the amount of limestone required to neutralize the acid in a given rainfall.
Students calculate the amount of plants needed to filter the air in their classroom.
Students calculate the broker's percentage and add that to the transaction price.
Students calculate the energy level diagrams for benzene, naphthalene, biphenyl, and anthracene.
Students calculate the estimated water volume savings and money savings for a month.
Students calculate the length of each lap and a car's rate per lap.
Students calculate the magnification of a lens.
Students calculate the perimeter and area.
Students calculate the power they use in watts to run up stairs.
Students calculate the probability of a match from an unrelated donor.
Students calculate the rate of photosynthesis using the data.
Students calculate the rocket s thrust, duration, acceleration, and velocity.
Students calculate the shares desired times the stock price in decimal format.
Students calculate the thickness of the paper for the first six folds and fill in a table.
Students calculate their family's personal water usage in math class.
Students calculate their resting heart rate, maximum heart rate, and training heart rate.
Students calculate their week's worth of pay and fill out their deposit slips and checks.
Students calculate their weight on the various planets.
Students calculate water volumes using percentages.
Students call and arrange for interviews with selected employers.
Students call day-long protests in Quito, Peru, against the economic plan of the government.
Students call for appointments, arrange and conduct interviews, take digital photos.
Students call in advance to schedule lab times.
Students call in on the morning of their lesson to confirm weather, location, and the time to meet.
Students call one number to register, check their schedule, and drop or add classes.
Students call out facts they know about tobacco use.
Students call the agency they are interested in to discuss the internship position.
Students call the hotline, give a tip and get a code number.
Students call the instructor for special accommodations.
Students call the school from which the course was taken.
Students call the teacher and tutors on specified days.
Students call to ask if they are being offered fair salaries.
Students calling, administrative work and committee meetings all take time too.
Students camp out during the Wyoming trip.
Students camp out for workers .
Students camp out in a state park and food and equipment is provided.
Students can accelerate registration by taking care of their financial responsibility early.
Students can accelerate their learning by accessing course material from home.
Students can accelerate their programs by taking offerings during summer sessions.
Students can access a comprehensive collection of multimedia features and learning tools.
Students can access a glossary of the scientific terms by clicking on highlighted terms.
Students can access a message board to see if their questions have already been answered.
Students can access a personalized catalog that is based on their category specification.
Students can access a variety of lessons, view photos, and check on the current weather.
Students can access a virtual classroom anywhere and any time.
Students can access advisement services in a variety or ways.
Students can access all available Web resources from a single, personalized web page.
Students can access an extensive range of new percussion music and recordings.
Students can access and complete the course material at their leisure.
Students can access answers from the past, post a new question or do a search.
Students can access any of the specialist modules individually.
Students can access any state to receive specific information on current elections.
Students can access assignments from home or community learning centers.
Students can access books for a specific class and exchange books with other students.
Students can access class at any time of the day, from anywhere they have internet access.
Students can access commentaries over the last four months.
Students can access computer labs and a large library with on-line databases and video collection.
Students can access computers in their classrooms.
Students can access course files to review, save and print the information.
Students can access course information by browsing subject areas or by searching specific fields.
Students can access course materials from their desktop from home, computer labs, or dorm rooms.
Students can access course materials online, take quizzes, and communicate with classmates.
Students can access course materials, the instructor, and each other more easily.
Students can access course schedules online.
Students can access courses without having to drive to an alternative campus.
Students can access current articles as well as the archives of previous articles.
Students can access current information through the wonderful resources that the school provides.
Students can access data for comparison purposes or to increase their own sample size.
Students can access dept.
Students can access digital tools and networked resources in every classroom.
Students can access either of two levels, depending on their reading and scientific abilities.
Students can access email and the Internet via the computer laboratory.
Students can access e-mail, write their papers or use the lab to fulfill computer assignments.
Students can access engineering software, the Internet and each other as they work on projects.
Students can access e-textbooks and digital libraries.
Students can access every page correctly and all of the buttons work as they are supposed to.
Students can access faculty through e-mail as well as in person.
Students can access free E-mail through the Internet at the following sites.
Students can access from any location.
Students can access grades here .
Students can access help through both phone and email.
Students can access information about careers, colleges, admissions requirements and financial aid.
Students can access information about many human anatomy-related topics and learning resources.
Students can access information about their personal financial aid files via the Internet.
Students can access information and complete assignments at any time.
Students can access information day or night.
Students can access information from CDs or the Internet.
Students can access information from multimedia encyclopedias and the Internet for their projects.
Students can access information independently through Internet anytime and anywhere.
Students can access information on population, economic indicators, news, press releases.
Students can access information on-line for some subjects involving the study of population.
Students can access information regarding their course registration using the Ticket Server .
Students can access interactive activities that help promote their understanding.
Students can access international newspapers, magazines and other internet resources.
Students can access it via the campus network.
Students can access labels and perform a labelling activity for each view.
Students can access language newspapers, international bulletin boards and other internet resources.
Students can access large central databases.
Students can access learning materials anytime and contact their teachers and other classmates.
Students can access lecture material outside the classroom via the internet.
Students can access lecture materials, slides, and test preps.
Students can access lesson summaries and sample problems for extra practice.
Students can access lessons from any location.
Students can access libraries around the world for research.
Students can access links to photographs of beautiful crystals.
Students can access materials via e-mail.
Students can access messages from anywhere on the Internet.
Students can access much of the software used in the course via the web site.
Students can access multiple databases, house plans and other blueprints online.
Students can access numerous file servers, each dedicated to a specific purpose.
Students can access numerous sites as resources for gramar and vocabulary development.
Students can access online information about how to create their own web page .
Students can access on-line tutorials.
Students can access our audiovisual support for class presentations.
Students can access our computerized job listings at any student computer on our campus network.
Students can access our ethernet network from connections directly in their residence hall rooms.
Students can access our full-text databases from their home or office.
Students can access our system twenty-four hours a day seven days a week.
Students can access over one hundred software programs, interactive video and CD-ROM applications.
Students can access reading, listening, speaking, grammar, and vocabulary through the program.
Students can access related course information from other sources on the Internet.
Students can access resource cards that contain formal explanations of the formulas used.
Students can access selected course listening material over the Web.
Students can access services by scheduling an appointment.
Students can access simple explanations.
Students can access some of the services and additional resources are added monthly.
Students can access specific campus shuttle and public transportation schedules on the web.
Students can access specific sites promptly and efficiently.
Students can access syndicated columnists from all over and read other schools' papers.
Students can access the above job board from their homes.
Students can access the actual menus of restaurants in Barcelona.
Students can access the automated catalog of holdings via a computer.
Students can access the card catalog from their classrooms to look for books available for checkout.
Students can access the card catalog on computer.
Students can access the cases and computer newsgroup by using their electronic mail accounts.
Students can access the catalog from their home or office via the Internet.
Students can access the catalog via any computer in the media center or throughout the school.
Students can access the cluster during evenings and weekends.
Students can access The College Store at their Web site where they can reserve copies of textbooks.
Students can access the computer network anywhre in the complex.
Students can access the computers on a time-share basis, i.e. one group at a time.
Students can access the course from any computer connected to the Internet.
Students can access the course information page or other resources.
Students can access the course information page, lecture and help resources.
Students can access the course information page, lecture, and help resources.
Students can access the course information, lecture and help resources.
Students can access the course material upon entering the course password.
Students can access the course materials directly using either tool on the Internet.
Students can access the course pages here .
Students can access the course syllabus here.
Students can access the daily text, audio, and video updates in Spanish and English.
Students can access the episodes and tasks in any order.
Students can access the forum here .
Students can access the franchise on the Internet as research.
Students can access the information and stay up with the class even though they are absent.
Students can access the information from any internet connected computer.
Students can access the information on a laptop computer including all the instructor's notes.
Students can access the Internet and e-mail at computer centers on campus.
Students can access the Internet at any of the eight computers stationed on the main floor.
Students can access the Internet from any machine in the school.
Students can access the Internet in the library or use the CD-ROM databases for research.
Students can access the Internet on our computers, as well as perform word processing.
Students can access the Internet through the library or the computer lab.
Students can access the Internet, and computer software workshops are offered periodically.
Students can access the lab before and after school and during both lunches.
Students can access the lab without entering the hall.
Students can access the lesson at other than class times and other than school locations.
Students can access the library catalog online from their residence hall or from within the library.
Students can access the library homepage .
Students can access the links below for automotive design information.
Students can access the machine by using their vendacard or cash.
Students can access the network and the Internet from anywhere in the room.
Students can access the online courses at any time.
Students can access the program from the Web and work through the material at their own pace.
Students can access the program through a personal computer with Internet connections.
Students can access the program wherever and whenever they have interment access.
Students can access the puzzles at either an easy or difficult level.
Students can access the reserve readings from the course web site.
Students can access the service from anywhere with an Internet connection.
Students can access the site anytime to hand in homework or to check for upcoming assignments.
Students can access the site map at any time to see their progress.
Students can access the systems approximately one week after the end of the term for their grades.
Students can access the testing program from any school computer.
Students can access the tutorial and review instructional points as often as they wish.
Students can access their books by author, class or title.
Students can access their courses anywhere and at anytime on line.
Students can access their e-mail accounts from on or off campus.
Students can access their E-mail accounts here.
Students can access their e-mail accounts in the computer labs.
Students can access their e-mail and the Internet and meet their needs for word processing.
Students can access their files from any computer attached to the network.
Students can access their files from any computer in the system.
Students can access their grades and class statistics from a web-browser.
Students can access their grades anywhere, anytime, in a private and secure platform.
Students can access their grades from anywhere in the world.
Students can access their grades immediately after completing an assignment.
Students can access their grades on-line .
Students can access their grades online .
Students can access their grades via the web or by phone.
Students can access their information anytime from almost anywhere.
Students can access their instructor via email at all times.
Students can access their on-line application form.
Students can access their own performance record featuring marks and comments.
Students can access their own performance report from any lesson.
Students can access their personal desktop from anywhere on the network.
Students can access their portfolios the following business day.
Students can access their score at any time during play.
Students can access their work from any computer in the school.
Students can access unit resources online and view course handbooks.
Students can access web-based courses either at work or at home.
Students can access with student logons, such as starreader.
Students can access words through the picture index or alphabet.
Students can accrue expertise and experience working with pupils before student teaching.
Students can accumulate points as they answer questions correctly.
Students can accumulate points toward prizes for time spent logged on.
Students can accurately match objects to the correct target language color word.
Students can achieve academic success with the proper support and structure.
Students can achieve at levels that are both challenging and meaningful.
Students can achieve at their own pace without being compared with faster learners.
Students can achieve different levels and receive great gifts.
Students can achieve high standards if teachers have adequate resources.
Students can achieve their goal by any means necessary, so long as the end result is marketable.
Students can acquire and digitize their own video using a video camera and a video capture card.
Students can acquire basic office and computer skills while learning the English language.
Students can acquire basic technical skills for using the Internet and designing own web pages.
Students can acquire several low and high tech methods of manipulating wax into desired forms.
Students can acquire skills to be independent learners and decision makers.
Students can acquire the ability which society accepts.
Students can act as pagemasters as authorized by a department designate .
Students can act out each step.
Students can act out one of the tales in the form of a play or readers theatre.
Students can act out the simulation within the course folder.
Students can act out the story.
Students can activate equipment that is in another country.
Students can activate or reactivate their accounts in one of two ways.
Students can activate recorded text which accompanies the stories.
Students can actively evangelize other students.
Students can actively participate in scientific work and research.
Students can actually come to school and go home without a broken nose.
Students can actually do activities with examples.
Students can actually earn college credit for taking certain courses while still in high school.
Students can actually fill out their curriculums and put it together.
Students can actually get close to the vase rollout and study the hieroglyphs in detail.
Students can actually get today's weather on Mars if they want to.
Students can actually have fun learning about roles of grammar and essay organization.
Students can actually implement their ideas and see how they work, often entirely on their own.
Students can actually learn how to sew the quilt if they are interested in doing it.
Students can actually see an expedition, operate the equipment and talk with the scientists.
Students can actually see the fruits of their inquiry.
Students can actually see wavelength, resonance, frequency, and amplitude.
Students can adapt the process of negotiation as part of a problem-solving philosophy.
Students can adapt to differences and often seek to expand intercultural competencies and knowledge.
Students can adapt to too many attractive figures in bright colors and actually be lulled to sleep.
Students can add additional points to their accounts at any time.
Students can add and subtract multi-digit numbers using a strategy appropriate to the situation.
Students can add butter and eat.
Students can add community services that they found helpful.
Students can add courses anytime during the semester.
Students can add courses through the first week of classes.
Students can add depth to their study through internships and independent study.
Students can add dialogue and other characters to their versions.
Students can add ears, feet, tails, etc. if they wish.
Students can add events to their personal calendar.
Students can add fields to extend the learning experience.
Students can add fields to the existing database.
Students can add further embellishments with fabric markers or permanent pen.
Students can add graphs or data charts as they collect data.
Students can add images, text and links to their homepage without knowing any html at all.
Students can add into the dependent course only if they have first enrolled in the primary course.
Students can add links to their favorite sites, as well as descriptions and introductions.
Students can add materials to be tested.
Students can add more instructions.
Students can add or remove items using a friendly Web interface.
Students can add other questions specific to their interviews.
Students can add pennies to the histogram by year and work through a series of questions.
Students can add pictures to the cover.
Students can add positive messages and mottos during the morning or during free times.
Students can add roads, buildings, trees, parks, water, and other objects.
Students can add rocks and trees, as well as buildings and cannons constructed out of balsa wood.
Students can add text, illustrations and sound to their slides.
Students can add their own design elements instead of or in addition to Egyptian designs.
Students can add their own images to both existing and newly created text, however.
Students can add their own phrases to the database.
Students can add their own values to a pre-installed list of mathematical and scientific constants.
Students can add their spouse and dependents for an additional membership fee.
Students can add their TFI score and description to their resumes.
Students can add to it as they discover more words in each family.
Students can add to prior lists.
Students can add to their portfolios Olympic clippings that relate to their country of interest.
Students can add to their programs, related courses which are of special interest.
Students can add various compounds to samples to aid in determining their composition.
Students can add words, sound effects and animation to each page.
Students can add yarn, etc, for a tail as a final touch.
Students can add, drop, and waitlist classes.
Students can add, drop, and withdraw from online courses based on the standard semester schedule.
Students can add, subtract, multiply, or divide and watch a sheep jump giving the correct answer.
Students can address a particular leadership issue peculiar to their profession or work situation.
Students can address networked printers, plotters, laser printers and micro subnets from any campus.
Students can adjust their schedules prior to the first day of classes.
Students can advance at their own pace and focus time on learning a skill they find most difficult.
Students can advance to higher levels as they play.
Students can advertise to buy or sell course books.
Students can afford an education without breaking their bank account or that of their parents.
Students can agree, disagree, or add to the answers given by their classmates.
Students can all do the same thing or each lab group can vary the procedure they develop.
Students can already put library charges on their accounts.
Students can also access a calendar of important dates.
Students can also access a range of health and dental services as well as child care facilities.
Students can also access a wide variety of financial aid information via the Internet.
Students can also access an interactive glossary of key terms from the text.
Students can also access and use library audio and video tapes and CD-ROM study resources on site.
Students can also access classroom computers and the computer lab.
Students can also access computer-assisted instruction.
Students can also access current newspapers and Internet radio links in the target language.
Students can also access electronic encyclopedias, library references, and online publications.
Students can also access equipment, such as roller blades, for off-campus use.
Students can also access information on financial aid, scholarships, and transfer opportunities.
Students can also access information services on the internet.
Students can also access machines placed in labs and classrooms.
Students can also access many on-line learning projects.
Students can also access online updates to the textbooks.
Students can also access our catalogue through their school or local library.
Students can also access the Internet and email in the computer lab.
Students can also access the library and other search engines to supplement their learning.
Students can also access the system with hand-held computing devices equipped with a network card.
Students can also access their grade reports on-line through WebSIS .
Students can also acquire speaking and writing abilities by using audio-visual teaching materials.
Students can also acquire training and conduct research at several sites off campus.
Students can also add graduate certificate concentrations from among twelve programs.
Students can also add Indian symbols.
Students can also add metallic wires and beads to enhance and extend their subjects.
Students can also add people, plants and animals to give their work a community feel.
Students can also add real questions of their own, or create problems for their peers to solve.
Students can also add their own entries.
Students can also add their own events.
Students can also add their writing to interactive stories.
Students can also add their writings to interactive chained stories.
Students can also alternate their employment and education by working full-time in the summer.
Students can also animate their work.
Students can also anticipate their work being posted to the course website.
Students can also apply for an honorary fellowship.
Students can also apply for an intensive, three-week course on the island.
Students can also apply for an internship as a substitute for one of their courses.
Students can also apply for college credits once certifications have been obtained.
Students can also apply for competitive loans.
Students can also apply for financial aid for their study abroad expenses.
Students can also apply for financial aid on-line.
Students can also apply for financial aid to support MD training.
Students can also apply for part and full time jobs.
Students can also apply for partial support.
Students can also apply for research awards from North Carolina State University to fund their work.
Students can also apply for the private, non-federal, credit based alternative loan.
Students can also apply if they have completed an appropriate associate diploma.
Students can also apply internship and teaching assistant experience towards the major.
Students can also apply internship credit toward a degree from the school.
Students can also apply online .
Students can also apply online at Catalog site .
Students can also apply online at the Catalog.
Students can also apply to any of the schools directly.
Students can also apply to law schools in the growing fields of taxation labor and the environment.
Students can also apply to study abroad programs hosted by another institution.
Students can also apply to write a one or a two semester dissertation in their final year of study.
Students can also apply via the Web.
Students can also arrange for an interlibrary loan from participating Iowa libraries.
Students can also arrange their own living arrangements in a hotel , pension , or private home.
Students can also ask math questions in a discussion area.
Students can also ask questions during the event.
Students can also ask questions of museum staff and the authors of published hidden histories.
Students can also ask questions of the librarian.
Students can also ask questions via email.
Students can also attend a wide variety of tumour boards, and case management conferences.
Students can also attend additional field trips for extra credit.
Students can also attend an information session about their course prior to enrolment.
Students can also attend community seminars about topics guaranteed to spark debate.
Students can also attend courses on technology independently for no fee.
Students can also attend personal tutoring sessions with certified tutors during the day.
Students can also attend problem solving sessions for extra credit.
Students can also attend the language laboratory for self study.
Students can also be a welcome source of assistance to teachers.
Students can also be graduate assistants and help to teach laboratories to incoming students.
Students can also be greeters, readers and ushers.
Students can also be responsible for developing discussion questions.
Students can also beam homework to each other at the touch of a button.
Students can also become involved directly in scientific data collection.
Students can also become involved in community work through service-learning classes.
Students can also become involved with faculty research programs.
Students can also become isolated, fearful and alienated from the community.
Students can also become members.
Students can also become MPs and debate a bill to control illegal immigration.
Students can also begin locating books and materials on their topic.
Students can also benefit financially.
Students can also benefit from the very intensive and sustained experience in group living.
Students can also benefit from using MicroSIM as a supplement to their textbooks.
Students can also book directly in downtown low price hotels .
Students can also borrow four track tape recorders from the DLO for listening to ' Talking Books '.
Students can also borrow geology field instruments and some camping equipment.
Students can also bring a cottage cheese container.
Students can also bring bag lunches.
Students can also bring in their own laptop to print a document.
Students can also bring items like caps or souvenirs that represent places they have visited.
Students can also bring their agency reports to facilitate additional questions and answers.
Students can also browse theater art, playbill covers, billboards, and production photos here.
Students can also browse through their informative Web pages.
Students can also build a silencer for industrial vacuum cleaners and floor polishers.
Students can also build on the curriculum to create their own designs.
Students can also buy books and stationery as well as sandwiches, drinks and hot food.
Students can also bypass the historical introduction and go straight to the activity.
Students can also calculate percentage increases on a daily or weekly bases.
Students can also calculate volume and surface area.
Students can also call directly with a referral.
Students can also call in on the toll-free number for live interaction.
Students can also call or visit the library for additional information.
Students can also call or visit the office to ask questions.
Students can also catch up on credits by taking classes during the summer.
Students can also challenge each other to round the answer to the nearest ten or one hundred.
Students can also chat with affected families and health professionals.
Students can also chat with scientists and teachers.
Students can also check directly with departments they are interested in working for.
Students can also check out a vacuum to use in their rooms.
Students can also check out laptops overnight or during vacations.
Students can also check out the archive and visit such countries as Japan, Italy, and Kenya.
Students can also check out tools to do their own repairs or maintenance.
Students can also check out video cameras for their class projects.
Students can also check the commencement web page to find the most current information.
Students can also check the online calendar to see when the lab is closed due to class reservations.
Students can also check their e-mail accounts, and use the Internet.
Students can also check their email.
Students can also check their financial aid application and award status on the Student Link .
Students can also check their fines and access their borrowing records.
Students can also check with their sufficiency advisor concerning when and how to submit their work.
Students can also choose a class format that fits their individual learning styles.
Students can also choose between ecology and molecular biology versions of the exam.
Students can also choose between various payment options.
Students can also choose bus transport to go shopping and sightseeing.
Students can also choose design courses to fulfil other technical elective requirements.
Students can also choose difficulty levels within each activity.
Students can also choose electives in the areas of bioprocess, waste treatment or human factors.
Students can also choose electives to meet teacher certification requirements.
Students can also choose from a variety of elective courses.
Students can also choose from a wide range of courses.
Students can also choose from electives in horticulture, plant science and engineering science.
Students can also choose from two options within the Environmental Education Certification track .
Students can also choose off-campus accommodations.
Students can also choose other elective courses .
Students can also choose pre-professional programs in several areas.
Students can also choose roles to play as observers.
Students can also choose the management science module.
Students can also choose the topic for their future thesis.
Students can also choose to be part of small discipleship groups men or women.
Students can also choose to buy items with cash.
Students can also choose to continue their education and work toward a bachelor's degree.
Students can also choose to cook in the dormitory.
Students can also choose to do independent study projects.
Students can also choose to enroll in only one of the two semesters.
Students can also choose to enroll in our distance learning program.
Students can also choose to find their own housing in Tokyo.
Students can also choose to focus primarily on teacher preparation and teacher learning .
Students can also choose to learn a third language in secondary school.
Students can also choose to participate in a general music program, band, choral music or art.
Students can also choose to participate in a variety of sports programs throughout the year.
Students can also choose to participate in clinical affiliations in England, Ireland and Australia.
Students can also choose to participate in dozens of club and intramural sports.
Students can also choose to pay fees online .
Students can also choose to practice interviewing skills by participating in a mock interview.
Students can also choose to reserve a room in a residential hotel.
Students can also choose to search for living arrangements on their own upon arrival.
Students can also choose to study double majors and choose electives from other faculties.
Students can also choose to study double majors by combining single majors.
Students can also choose to write on issues of their choice.
Students can also chose any other online industry with a traditional, off-line counterpart.
Students can also click on a hint if needed.
Students can also click on the floorplan to navigate in the space.
Students can also click to learn how to tell a male from a female butterfly.
Students can also collaborate with the art teachers on the design of their presentations.
Students can also collaborate, question, and assess their progress day or night.
Students can also collect samples of the sands and gravels for identification.
Students can also combine a business or humanities major and a physics minor.
Students can also combine a concentration in teaching English as a second language with any major.
Students can also combine a major in one area with a minor in a related technical discipline.
Students can also combine course work from two or more of the specializations listed above.
Students can also come here to view the work they have submitted and track their progress.
Students can also come to the lab during study halls and tutor bells to use available computers.
Students can also come to the securitv office and look at the pictures of the offenders.
Students can also come up with names for others in their class.
Students can also come up with their own scenarios.
Students can also comment on each others' work using a similar screen.
Students can also communicate directly with the instructor via e-mail.
Students can also communicate with instructors via e-mail.
Students can also communicate with international peers in individual and group writing activities.
Students can also communicate with the hosts via fax , e-mail , and live Internet chat .
Students can also communicate with their peers through our e-COPtalk electronic bulletin board.
Students can also communicate with their teacher through e-mail.
Students can also compare books written in the same time period.
Students can also compare photographs of the same subject by browsing by subject .
Students can also compare scores with other college-bound students.
Students can also compare stories written from different points of view.
Students can also compare their results with the average scores in their state or country.
Students can also compare web sites.
Students can also compete in designing and flying paper airplanes.
Students can also compete in the Business Plan Competition.
Students can also complain.
Students can also complete assignments online.
Students can also complete required courses offered in the summer.
Students can also complete the application over the Internet.
Students can also complete the award on a part-time basis, over a longer duration.
Students can also complete their liberal arts requirements by taking courses during the day.
Students can also complete two years of college without leaving their hometown.
Students can also conclude what inventions have helped in the prevention of obesity.
Students can also conduct their own projects under faculty supervision.
Students can also connect their laptops to the campus network.
Students can also connect to web sites created about authors who are no longer alive.
Students can also consult foreign university catalogs if they are interested in direct enrollment.
Students can also contact faculty individually by email or phone.
Students can also contact individual departments regarding departmental scholarships.
Students can also contact instructor directly.
Students can also contact the counselors directly.
Students can also contact the lecturers through the electronic mail for assistance in their studies.
Students can also contact the office by U.S. and electronic mail.
Students can also contact the program director via email or phone.
Students can also contact their academic departments for information.
Students can also contact their academic departments for more information.
Students can also contact their specific college bookstore at the phone numbers listed below.
Students can also contribute their own puzzles via email.
Students can also contribute to interactive chained stories.
Students can also contribute to our alumni magazine.
Students can also contribute to the print publications via e-mail.
Students can also cook their own food in the kitchenette facilities provided.
Students can also copy short definition of each organ at top of page.
Students can also correspond with Asian students.
Students can also cover outlined designs with the appropriate tiles.
Students can also create a graph showing the color results of their package.
Students can also create a journal about their adventures.
Students can also create a personalized e-mail address via our online directory service.
Students can also create a timeline to understand the development of a single invention.
Students can also create a wall chart to display data.
Students can also create and maintain bulletin boards.
Students can also create collages based on specific themes.
Students can also create hunts for other classmates.
Students can also create links in the discussion board .
Students can also create portfolios to store completed assignments and other items in.
Students can also create print quality PDF files with the same ease.
Students can also create speaking text, hyperlinks to online information, and more.
Students can also create their own homepage.
Students can also create their own homepages .
Students can also create their own icons to represent their data.
Students can also create their own set of objects with attributes that they select .
Students can also create their own word pair sets.
Students can also cut and paste heavy clothing onto the figure provided on the activity sheet.
Students can also decide on their degree of dependence on tutors in the scheme.
Students can also decide what balance they want to strike between work and borrowing.
Students can also demonstrate proficiency by passing an exam.
Students can also design a logo for the school team or a community team.
Students can also design and construct several pieces of clothing for themselves.
Students can also design their own exhibition.
Students can also determine water retention for each sample.
Students can also develop a futuristic or historic ecosystem.
Students can also develop an individualized interdisciplinary major to meet personal needs.
Students can also develop expertise through their project work.
Students can also develop individual graphs depicting the information they have gathered.
Students can also develop interests by taking additional courses.
Students can also develop speaking and listening skills by hearing and speaking French themselves.
Students can also develop their leadership skills by serving as an officer.
Students can also develop their own area of emphasis.
Students can also develop their own individualized interdisciplinary majors to fit specific needs.
Students can also develop their own internships, with the approval of the instructor.
Students can also develop their own topics with the approval of the instructor.
Students can also discuss questions and concerns regarding student teaching with the supervisor.
Students can also do a keyword search of the course content or of the course glossary.
Students can also do an assessment of what their school is like today.
Students can also do further practice on computer with language training CDs.
Students can also do independent activities with their designated child.
Students can also do independent research.
Students can also do quiz to identify their weaknesses.
Students can also do self-exploration through a computerized career search.
Students can also do some of the activities at home with the supervision of a parent.
Students can also do their thesis work abroad.
Students can also do work on their own computers from their dorms, which are well wired.
Students can also document the discussion in their lab notebooks.
Students can also donate time to making or collecting emergency kits for the classroom.
Students can also download a leaflet and an application .
Students can also download an application form .
Students can also download various financial aid forms from the site.
Students can also drag the same image over to the design area more than once.
Students can also draw a picture of their favorite nursery rhyme and submit it for a grade.
Students can also draw a self-portrait in which their teeth are in proportion to that of a shark.
Students can also draw circles on their paper using an old CD-ROM or other object to trace.
Students can also draw electron dot diagrams.
Students can also draw pictures of people with good and bad posture.
Students can also draw pictures of the literal versus the actual meanings of the idiom.
Students can also draw puppets.
Students can also draw rhythmic lines based on action verbs written on the board.
Students can also draw the plants and animals freehand.
Students can also draw their pictures on paper and they can be scanned.
Students can also draw upon two dozen resource faculty members.
Students can also drop a class.
Students can also drop in without appointments.
Students can also earn a master's degree in history with an emphasis in historic preservation.
Students can also earn a master's of science degree in logistics and transportation.
Students can also earn a minor in economics.
Students can also earn a Ph.D. in mass media with a focus on environmental journalism.
Students can also earn academic credit for their work experience.
Students can also earn academic credit.
Students can also earn an advanced diploma for passing certain courses.
Students can also earn community service hours for their help.
Students can also earn credit for community college classes.
Students can also earn credit for their work.
Students can also earn credit in a seminar program that includes designing a research proposal.
Students can also earn credit through the center.
Students can also earn extra credit by tutoring each other during advisory and after school.
Students can also earn extra credit for participation in our discussions.
Students can also earn money in circulation, ad sales, and editing.
Students can also earn points for working on task during extended firming practice.
Students can also earn teacher certification.
Students can also earn up to two elective credits for hours worked.
Students can also easily locate comments about course notes later for reference.
Students can also elect to focus on song writing within the context of guitar playing.
Students can also elect to pursue research activities.
Students can also elect to study abroad for a semester or a year.
Students can also elect to take a more broadly based sequence of courses.
Students can also electronically search the catalogs of many other U.S. and foreign libraries.
Students can also email a tutor.
Students can also email or fax question in before the show airs.
Students can also e-mail their own questions to the site.
Students can also engage in an interesting discussion about the sizes of doghouses.
Students can also engage in dialogue with other students regarding human rights.
Students can also engage in some interesting borrowing from inches to hands when doing conversions.
Students can also engage in the online interactive area, filled with games and trivia.
Students can also enhance their skills by participating in the trial and appellate competitions.
Students can also enjoy fishing and canoeing in any of the four lakes on campus.
Students can also enjoy free food and games.
Students can also enjoy many fun and cultural experiences in the city.
Students can also enjoy tennis and racquetball courts and two swimming pools on campus.
Students can also enjoy the aesthetic offerings of nearby Seattle and Tacoma.
Students can also enjoy water recreation at Utah Lake as well as fly fishing on the Provo River.
Students can also enjoy year-round lecture and musical series, concerts, and theatrical events.
Students can also enrol in core or elective subjects during an intensive summer program.
Students can also enrol in single subjects.
Students can also enroll courses offered during the summer and at off-campus school sites.
Students can also enroll in a video productions class.
Students can also enroll in classes offered during the summer and at off-campus school sites.
Students can also enroll in courses offered during the summer and at off-campus school sites.
Students can also enroll in Native dance, computer technology and swimming classes.
Students can also enroll in some courses that are four credit hours.
Students can also enter a prize drawing by completing a survey.
Students can also enter by email.
Students can also establish contacts through career fairs.
Students can also establish contacts with the other student government members.
Students can also examine the equations of the model.
Students can also examine the influence authors had on their audiences.
Students can also exchange papers.
Students can also exchange their biography with students in other countries.
Students can also expect a larger variety of foods.
Students can also expect an increase in tuition in the fall.
Students can also expect regular tests and prompted exercises, to be performed in class.
Students can also expect to be able to read and write elementary texts such as a simple letter.
Students can also expect to deliver one or two brief oral presentations.
Students can also expect to undertake skills training programmes.
Students can also expect unannounced quizzes over class materials.
Students can also experience homelessness by sleeping outside overnight.
Students can also experiment with bumper car collisions.
Students can also experiment with shape.
Students can also explore and participate in various athletics.
Students can also explore fields of study such as architecture, art, and engineering.
Students can also explore occupations related to specific academic majors.
Students can also explore the design processes as motorized and computer driven models.
Students can also explore the world of ancient Greece on the internet.
Students can also explore the world of insect sounds.
Students can also explore transformation, addition, and composition of functions.
Students can also explore virtual museums and exhibits .
Students can also export notes as HTML files to publish on the Internet.
Students can also extend their interest outside of the classroom through competitions and awards.
Students can also feel proud to realize how much their parents know.
Students can also fight their fears and anxieties through the many optional performance outlets.
Students can also fight with weapons of different size, weight and shapes without any hindrance.
Students can also fill out an on-line application to be in the roommate list.
Students can also find event registration forms, officer listings, and organization descriptions.
Students can also find federal and state position information and applications in the office.
Students can also find healthy recipes.
Students can also find here the results of the examinations.
Students can also find homework help and other interesting information here.
Students can also find links here to university search engines.
Students can also find modules containing quizzes and drill problems.
Students can also find numerous other attractions mere minutes from campus.
Students can also find out facts about each environment to display on the map.
Students can also find out how to change majors or request an informal degree audit.
Students can also find out how to communicate with the organisation for help with project enquiries.
Students can also find out what insects eats monarch butterflies.
Students can also find out what s going on by looking at allpluto emails.
Students can also find out what's happening on-line all around the world.
Students can also find out which celebrities share their birthdays.
Students can also find related water quality graphs on the Internet.
Students can also find specific lines in the play without having to scan the entire work.
Students can also find their own internship opportunities.
Students can also find useful information on our website.
Students can also find Web sites related to the Snapshots chosen.
Students can also fly into Mexico City which is approx.
Students can also focus on instructional design and educational technology.
Students can also follow careers in research, art practice, further postgraduate study.
Students can also follow on their laptops.
Students can also follow the steps in completing their projects.
Students can also form a campus chapter.
Students can also formulate and conduct statistical tests of hypotheses.
Students can also formulate hypotheses and conduct statistical tests.
Students can also gain early notice of upcoming scholarships and internships.
Students can also gain experience in the science writing field research program.
Students can also get a feel for how different parameters make population estimates better or worse.
Students can also get a great benefit from e-mail.
Students can also get academic credit for participating.
Students can also get advice from their course instructors.
Students can also get experience related to their majors and pursue career training.
Students can also get exposure to legal careers through volunteer internships.
Students can also get hands-on experience working in local businesses.
Students can also get help and hints from others.
Students can also get help at campus writing centers and from peer-editing and tutoring teams.
Students can also get help from the instructor.
Students can also get help from the Study Skills Coordinator.
Students can also get help with pronunciation of individual words by clicking on a word.
Students can also get information on career planning.
Students can also get involved with theater by performing in a play or opera.
Students can also get referral to local jobs advertised.
Students can also get the experience of working directly with industrial partners.
Students can also get the latest information on colleges they re interested in at the new site.
Students can also get their commencement tickets at that time.
Students can also get their ears and lips pierced on campus.
Students can also get their own degree audits.
Students can also get unofficial transcripts and final grades from the self-service centers.
Students can also go back and revise modules and sections as required.
Students can also go downstairs in the student center to the computer lab.
Students can also go into the store without going online first.
Students can also go on to find sums on their own or with partners to challenge themselves.
Students can also go online at home to review what they have done in class.
Students can also graph the relationship as a linear function.
Students can also greatly enhance their estimation ability through calculator use.
Students can also have an advisor present during the hearing.
Students can also have an impact on other students outside of the classroom.
Students can also have intuitive notions about proportional reasoning and spatial relationships.
Students can also have minor computer repairs made, and hardware installed for a small fee.
Students can also have the charge placed on their student account.
Students can also hear music played on the ancient flute.
Students can also hear sounds as the bow moves along the edge of the plate.
Students can also help by holding a food drive.
Students can also help each other to convey meaning of their readings.
Students can also help finance their education by working part-time on campus.
Students can also help identify alternative ways they can learn.
Students can also hook into the internet directly from their rooms.
Students can also host a forum for their respective classes on the sites.
Students can also identify areas of occupational interest and research career information.
Students can also identify the continents on which fifteen animals can be found.
Students can also illustrate each event to make it colorful and stimulating.
Students can also illustrate their endings.
Students can also illustrate their own organism pictures.
Students can also improve English skills through the use of computers.
Students can also improve their job-related skills through small group and individualized tutoring.
Students can also include one upper division literature course as part of their requirement.
Students can also indicate they want a nonsmoking corridor if space is available.
Students can also input their own search terms using the optional keyword searching field.
Students can also insert small graphics, either from clip art, or that they draw themselves.
Students can also interact asynchronously with the teacher or their classmates by using email.
Students can also interact with guest experts through the discussion group.
Students can also interact with instructors and other students regularly through electronic mail.
Students can also interact with logged on users from other classes and institutions.
Students can also interact with one another or with the instructor via threaded discussion groups.
Students can also interact with the team, the people they meet, and each other.
Students can also interactively change features of the terrain.
Students can also interpret the meaning of the famous quotes and write it again in their own words.
Students can also involve parents, senior citizens, community and business members.
Students can also join in stock market simulation games that are increasingly popular in schools.
Students can also join intramural sports for fun too.
Students can also join intramural sports teams through their residence halls.
Students can also join many other student organizations that take part in Center programming.
Students can also join one or more technical societies.
Students can also join organized Bible study and prayer groups.
Students can also join the college golf club and play on courses in the area.
Students can also jump to a reference section.
Students can also keep an online Address Book within Blackboard.
Students can also keep both their original plans and the student plan for secondary coverage.
Students can also learn a new apprentice's tricks and draw scenes from the books.
Students can also learn about career opportunities in an aquarium.
Students can also learn about companies and geographical areas of interest.
Students can also learn about different cultures and communicate with children from other countries.
Students can also learn about full and part-time summer jobs.
Students can also learn about the horrors Jewish people have faced throughout history.
Students can also learn about unique bat characteristics and why bats are important.
Students can also learn about what is being done to save the turtles from extinction.
Students can also learn from home.
Students can also learn from interactive online tutorials.
Students can also learn history from a personal perspective.
Students can also learn how to diagnose and troubleshoot hardware and software issues.
Students can also learn how to make personal home pages to post to the internet.
Students can also learn how to stop junk mail or create more effective packaging.
Students can also learn more information about the program by talking with their school counselors.
Students can also learn necessary drawing skills for design.
Students can also learn the dance and the accompanying song that goes with the Rhythm.
Students can also learn to beat the drum with the rhythm of the songs.
Students can also learn to become certified aerobics instructors.
Students can also learn to drive, with individual or group lessons or in a weekend driving seminar.
Students can also learn with the assistance of the computer.
Students can also lend support through prayers.
Students can also link to sites in their online encyclopedia, dictionary and almanac areas.
Students can also link to the Quisic library and bookshop and testing is done online.
Students can also listen to a sample of an early rock guitar riff.
Students can also listen to speeches or poetry with clear narration.
Students can also listen to their voice recording and compare it with the model.
Students can also live with American families in a homestay program .
Students can also look at demonstration tables.
Students can also look at recent publications by faculty members.
Students can also look at who governs their own community.
Students can also look for any organisms present in the water.
Students can also look for jobs and internships online.
Students can also look for jobs via the on-line job board.
Students can also look for patterns in the chart.
Students can also look outside their colleges for internships.
Students can also look through directories of internship listings.
Students can also loose their badge if they fail to be responsible, respectful, or safe.
Students can also make an appointment to meet with the specialists.
Students can also make appointments for individual counseling about their college applications.
Students can also make appointments for meetings outside regular office hours.
Students can also make appointments to discuss their interests and schedules.
Students can also make arrangements to pay their tuition during that two week period.
Students can also make crafts and have a display once they are done.
Students can also make housing arrangements directly with apartment owner after arrival.
Students can also make posters outlining risk factors and flood warning signs.
Students can also make requests for specific employers to receive copies.
Students can also make their own announcements on events and items pertinent to the course.
Students can also make their own housing arrangements.
Students can also make their own observations, records, and reflections in an individual notebook.
Students can also make their request by completing the evaluation form in each class.
Students can also make up a new story to go along with the pictures.
Students can also make use of their public libraries.
Students can also measure the distance of their average stride.
Students can also meet regularly with English-speaking Canadian student conversation partners.
Students can also meet with an admissions counselor prior to or following the campus tour.
Students can also meet with engineers and contact professional societies on their own.
Students can also meet with faculty during office hours or contact faculty by telephone.
Students can also meet with faculty members and residents in Psychiatry.
Students can also meet with potential employers about career opportunities.
Students can also meet with their study groups in geographical areas away from the campus.
Students can also minor in Anthropology or pursue the discipline as a double major.
Students can also minor in French, German and Spanish.
Students can also minor or pursue a double major in a foreign language.
Students can also monitor their own progress via a student reporting interface.
Students can also move between branches to continue with their studies.
Students can also observe responses to new situations or novel stimuli.
Students can also obtain a current financial aid kit by contacting their resource team.
Students can also obtain a degree in Civil Law to practice in Quebec.
Students can also obtain all info and materials from the web via the Visiting Student Homepage .
Students can also obtain an informal transcript of their education records from an automated kiosk.
Students can also obtain HCPs and SOPs from their mentor, supervisor, or group office.
Students can also obtain more detailed information about salt processes from the Internet.
Students can also obtain their GED while they are here.
Students can also obtain weather-emergency information from the hotline.
Students can also open a leopard account which can be used in the cafeteria and the bookstore.
Students can also opt for only a two-week program if they so desire.
Students can also order directly from the main campus bookstore.
Students can also order tapes and transcripts for the stories.
Students can also organize.
Students can also page the instructor for assistance.
Students can also pan for their own gold, visit dude raches and walk through ghost towns.
Students can also participate for scholarships in culinary technology.
Students can also participate in a bilingual reading event.
Students can also participate in a chat and a bulletin board.
Students can also participate in a j ournalism or essay contest.
Students can also participate in a live discussion area.
Students can also participate in a sales and marketing fraternity.
Students can also participate in a series of research seminars.
Students can also participate in a variety of instrumental ensembles and choral groups.
Students can also participate in a variety of intramural sports throughout the academic year.
Students can also participate in a wide variety of intercollegiate and intramural sports.
Students can also participate in activities outside of school on their own.
Students can also participate in an interactive allowance survey.
Students can also participate in and review research projects.
Students can also participate in and work for two journalism organizations on campus.
Students can also participate in band, chorus, and dramatic performance.
Students can also participate in Chinese painting class.
Students can also participate in classes beyond their grade level.
Students can also participate in clubs after school.
Students can also participate in department clubs in advertising and public relations.
Students can also participate in educationally based math, music, art, and spelling activities.
Students can also participate in extramural sports, softball, volleyball, and basketball.
Students can also participate in field trips and activities such as gardening.
Students can also participate in group instruction in a variety of ways.
Students can also participate in instructing community children with disabilities.
Students can also participate in internal competitions.
Students can also participate in internship and cooperative workforce preparation experiences.
Students can also participate in internships in education and business.
Students can also participate in internships, job shadowing, and campus clubs.
Students can also participate in intramural competition through student societies.
Students can also participate in intramural sports activities and sports clinics.
Students can also participate in national exchange programs.
Students can also participate in open swim, open gym, and aerobics.
Students can also participate in poetry, impromptu speaking, skits, and spelling bees.
Students can also participate in programs offered by other colleges, organizations and institutions.
Students can also participate in teacher tutorials.
Students can also participate in tennis, golf and track.
Students can also participate in the different ongoing community service projects.
Students can also participate in the national and international study programs available.
Students can also participate in the national testing program.
Students can also participate in the pep band.
Students can also participate on the computer science team .
Students can also participate on the many crews needed to run mainstage shows.
Students can also pass the fourth semester course in a language to satisfy language requirements.
Students can also pay a semester fee at the start of the semester if that is more suitable .
Students can also pay for their laundry washing and drying in every campus dormitory.
Students can also pay individually for meals.
Students can also pay individually for the meals.
Students can also perform the activity by pushing the balls off the shelves of a bookcase.
Students can also personalize their hornbooks with names or special decorations.
Students can also pick up an application from their high school guidance counselors.
Students can also pick up an exam study guide during TA office hours.
Students can also pick up practical experience through internships.
Students can also place advertisements around the campus to recruit participants.
Students can also place material on the web meant for readers from other cultures.
Students can also place trades by Internet, fax, or answering machine.
Students can also plan a family vacation to one of the researched locations within Indiana.
Students can also plan a visual aid to their storytelling.
Students can also plan for item purchases through savings.
Students can also plan four-year programs in mathematics and science.
Students can also plan their own deadlines.
Students can also plan their studies toward a career in environmental fields other than forestry.
Students can also play a challenge game to test their knowledge.
Students can also play a game of pool or foosball here, or gather on the couches to chat.
Students can also play in the sand and win points for their organization.
Students can also play more than one role.
Students can also play the game as an extra-curricular activity.
Students can also polish math skills to prepare for a college entrance exam.
Students can also pool their own information on subjects in an collaborative computer environment.
Students can also post book reviews here.
Students can also post information for teachers and professors to access at any time.
Students can also post information on some bulletin boards.
Students can also post messages and questions.
Students can also post notices seeking others to form a group to share.
Students can also post questions or concerns to their instructor here.
Students can also post recipes.
Students can also post their own information.
Students can also post their project reports online to be graded and read by others.
Students can also post their resume free of charge.
Students can also post their resumes for prospective employers to search.
Students can also practice at home without fear of disturbing family members.
Students can also practice fitness by eating the right foods.
Students can also practice interpreting sequencing data using autoradiographs of sequencing gels.
Students can also practice locating places through latitude and longitude.
Students can also practice solving more advanced problems to extend their algebraic thinking.
Students can also practice the tenets of democracy while engaging in technology-mediated activities.
Students can also practice their typing skills on the computer.
Students can also practise their communication and interpersonal skills when they work with others.
Students can also prepare for college or a university by taking certain classes in high school.
Students can also prepare to foil the blackflies of New Hampshire.
Students can also prepare to teach elementary grades and select a math minor.
Students can also present a tutorial about a research methodology or new technology.
Students can also present the captured insect for class discussion.
Students can also press into the clay mask to create textures.
Students can also preview the multimedia materials available for sessions.
Students can also print out approved resumes on their good resume paper.
Students can also print out their own set of flash cards.
Students can also print the material themselves for their own use.
Students can also print their out their graphs and present the information to their classmates.
Students can also print their work using the lab s laser printers.
Students can also proceed to work in interpretation, anthropol ogy, linguistics, and related fields.
Students can also proceed to work in interpretation, anthropology, linguistics, and related fields.
Students can also program interactions between characters.
Students can also progress into high school completion materials.
Students can also propose their own projects.
Students can also protect a document to allow only certain types of changes.
Students can also provide attorneys with copies of their resumes.
Students can also publish their own work complete with text, illustrations and sound.
Students can also publish their writing on the subject.
Students can also purchase rush tickets.
Students can also pursue a four - year baccalaureate degree, if so desired.
Students can also pursue a four-year baccalaureate degree, if so desired.
Students can also pursue a general social sciences track.
Students can also pursue a generic option in engineering.
Students can also pursue a minor in bilingual special education.
Students can also pursue a minor in biomedical engineering.
Students can also pursue advanced undergraduate work in almost every academic discipline.
Students can also pursue careers that combine anthropology and other interests.
Students can also pursue concurrent degrees in Middle Eastern studies and law .
Students can also pursue dual degrees with other departments.
Students can also pursue graduate work or careers in medicine or law.
Students can also pursue interdisciplinary and self-designed concentrations.
Students can also pursue the degree as a non-degree applicant .
Students can also pursue their research through participation in an honors project.
Students can also put math facts and times tables into the container.
Students can also qualify for a second co-op placement following the completion of studies.
Students can also qualify for certification in elementary or secondary teaching.
Students can also qualify for elementary or secondary school teaching certification.
Students can also qualify for honors study in any medium.
Students can also qualify for secondary school teaching certification in physics or general science.
Students can also question others and report their findings.
Students can also raise issues or concerns such as pollution and express their views.
Students can also reach most colleges via the Internet.
Students can also read and edit old reports.
Students can also read answers to other people's questions.
Students can also read comments that other students have written about web sites.
Students can also read newspapers and magazines to report on new dinosaur information and theories.
Students can also read the background information provided.
Students can also read the reviews to find a book to read.
Students can also read with a class partner.
Students can also receive a copy of their own responses for later verification and correction.
Students can also receive a minor in animal science.
Students can also receive a newsletter on their E-mail.
Students can also receive advanced training in molecular systematics and evolution.
Students can also receive assistance in managing math anxiety.
Students can also receive change.
Students can also receive credit for travel, gardening, mentoring, an apprenticeship, or work study.
Students can also receive free tickets to the Series concerts themselves.
Students can also receive hands-on legal experience through our internship program.
Students can also receive help with note taking, time control, and test taking skills.
Students can also receive help with study habits, stress management and test anxiety.
Students can also receive help with their academics in homework club and math lab.
Students can also receive school notices from the administration department via email.
Students can also receive training on the complete system on an individual basis.
Students can also receive tutorial assistance with writing, speaking, and sentence construction.
Students can also receive tutoring or personal counseling at the counseling center.
Students can also record lessons on cassettes at their stations.
Students can also record material onto their personal cassettes.
Students can also record relevant segments for later reference and review.
Students can also record the water s temperature.
Students can also record their observations in table format if they so choose.
Students can also record their own voices.
Students can also reequest the library staff perform a database search on their behalf.
Students can also refer to the checklists to provide peer feedback.
Students can also refer to the online comments of other students.
Students can also reflect on their experience through journal writing.
Students can also register a forwarding in the student database.
Students can also register for classes after advisement.
Students can also register for classes and check grades online.
Students can also register for classes via phone, fax or e-mail.
Students can also register for courses without enrolling in a degree program.
Students can also register for fall orientation and pre-order their fall textbooks.
Students can also register on campus during the summer, anytime before the start of classes.
Students can also register online .
Students can also register online through the enrollment form.
Students can also register the day of the event.
Students can also register through their academic departments.
Students can also register to have charges billed to a third party insurance plan.
Students can also reinforce what they've learned through a series of self-tests.
Students can also rely on one other for personal and academic assistance.
Students can also renew books and view electronic publications online.
Students can also renew their scholarships for additional sessions.
Students can also rent an apartment or house.
Students can also replay the entire lecture without any interruptions.
Students can also replay the entire lecture without any intervention.
Students can also reply, forward, and send messages with attachments.
Students can also request a locker at any time after the initial sign-up.
Students can also request a physical education credit for physical and recreational activities.
Students can also request a student loan application.
Students can also request an application by phone, fax, mail, e-mail, or through the web page .
Students can also request permission to resubmit all or parts of an assignment.
Students can also request that their transcripts be sent to themselves.
Students can also request to move to another section of a class.
Students can also request transcripts by mail, by fax or in person.
Students can also research different schools, programs and other education related topics.
Students can also research financial aid and available scholarships in different areas of study.
Students can also research jobs by performing what is known as an information interview.
Students can also research occupations and get assistance in developing learning strategies.
Students can also research privately funded scholarships.
Students can also research the importance of N based building blocks in organisms.
Students can also research wages and individual companies in Wyoming and surrounding states.
Students can also respond to authors via email.
Students can also return books at any of the dormitory book drops.
Students can also review their grades, registration status, and billing information.
Students can also review their own scores.
Students can also rewind and review sections of the lecture.
Students can also rewrite national and international news and draw sketches and cartoons.
Students can also run a report to check their progress.
Students can also save, open and print stories.
Students can also schedule a session with a librarian for individual assistance.
Students can also search for colleges by name.
Students can also search for information and illustrations of their insect on the Internet.
Students can also search for occupations that relate to each interest scale.
Students can also search for specific pictures by typing in a word or phrase.
Students can also search here on the internship computer database in the office.
Students can also search job postings for free.
Students can also search on-line by type of accommodation, price range and area of the city.
Students can also search reserve materials by faculty name or course name.
Students can also search the archives for previously posted questions and answers.
Students can also search the entire network of sites for articles on a particular topic.
Students can also search the internet for information.
Students can also search the net for other job opportunities.
Students can also search the site using key words or phrases.
Students can also search through a list of over fifty species of animals to make their choices.
Students can also secure jobs through on-campus recruitment by a variety of employers.
Students can also see a current listing of their grades.
Students can also see an explanation after attempting to solve any problem.
Students can also see changes by comparing images from the collection with contemporary images.
Students can also see how other students voted on the issue and participate in follow-up activities.
Students can also see other students ask and answer questions.
Students can also see that visual art is present in their own community.
Students can also see what boundaries are shown.
Students can also see what others have done to earn credits.
Students can also see who else is online at the same time as themselves.
Students can also seek out help and advice from other sources.
Students can also seek out the mediators for assistance any time.
Students can also select a limited number of units in other areas.
Students can also select a limited number of units of interest in other areas.
Students can also select a rush service so that their papers are returned within three hours.
Students can also select a second interdisciplinary major in Russian studies.
Students can also select an internship on their own.
Students can also select courses offered by the computer science and mathematics departments.
Students can also select from a number of clinics, both live-client and simulated.
Students can also select payment plans.
Students can also select to minor in another field of education.
Students can also self-monitor their degree progress.
Students can also send brief writing questions to the e-mail hotline to get online answers.
Students can also send email to each other describing their results.
Students can also send e-mail to Smithsonian scientists involved in the project.
Students can also send homework on-line.
Students can also send messages to a vocabulary course bulletin board for online discussions.
Students can also send private messages or questions to the teacher with the system.
Students can also send private messages to the instructor or assistant.
Students can also send private messages to the instructor.
Students can also send queries to the reference staff via email.
Students can also send their resumes online.
Students can also send video and audio as attachments with their stories.
Students can also serve as peer advisors to other students.
Students can also serve as support mechanisms for teachers.
Students can also set a lower price for the last day of the exchange.
Students can also set appointments at that time.
Students can also set up an account and post their resumes.
Students can also set up an appointment to get a shot at the health center by calling ext.
Students can also share drafts or papers and give each other responses.
Students can also share experiences with fellow students from around the world.
Students can also share the files with classmates and teachers.
Students can also share with the global audience by creating a web page.
Students can also sharpen their leadership skills through safety patrol and student council.
Students can also show school spirit artistically.
Students can also sign up for electronic mailing lists .
Students can also sign up for internships with local lawyers or with the district attorney's office.
Students can also sign up for technical crews without auditioning.
Students can also simulate the behavior of their designed circuits on their own computers.
Students can also speak to a veterans agent there.
Students can also specialize in substantial projects which use gender theory and methods.
Students can also spend a semester in Washington, D.C., studying the American political system.
Students can also sponsor the memberships of friends and family who are non-university affiliated.
Students can also stay after for extra help, or work in the library or computer lab.
Students can also stay in dormitories for the same price.
Students can also stay in local hotels, motels or youth hostels if they prefer.
Students can also study a wide variety of languages.
Students can also study current laws and bills being introduced and read about the daily progress.
Students can also study English within a specialist context.
Students can also study externally or via flexible modes of delivery.
Students can also study how the elevator accelerates when it starts up and slows down.
Students can also study in Angers for a semester or a year.
Students can also study in other parts of the state, country, and world.
Students can also study Japanese language and culture without enrolling in any business courses.
Students can also study privately in voice, piano, strings, and band instruments.
Students can also study psychology as part of a number of combined degrees.
Students can also study the history, mythology and literature of ancient Greece and Rome.
Students can also study to achieve a career as a travel agent or a reservations agent.
Students can also submit additional comments.
Students can also submit assigments electronically.
Students can also submit assignments, projects and take-home exams electronically.
Students can also submit electronic application to some of the scholarships listed.
Students can also submit electronic resumes to potential employers.
Students can also submit their abstracts for inclusion in the database.
Students can also submit their applications electronically from the on-line site .
Students can also submit their essays and receive feedback for a fee.
Students can also submit their own book reviews.
Students can also submit their own mind teasers.
Students can also submit their suggested websites for all to see and surf.
Students can also subscribe to the modem pool during electronic registration.
Students can also suggest new content and features.
Students can also suggest topics.
Students can also surf the Internet with the live connection provided in the classrooms.
Students can also tailor a specialized program of elective study.
Students can also tailor their curriculum to meet their particular needs or goals.
Students can also tailor their program to prepare for postgraduate studies.
Students can also take a guided visualization adventure through a rain forest.
Students can also take a short tour of Paris, the city of fine art.
Students can also take a short tour of Paris.
Students can also take advantage of a host of group tutoring events and weekly reviews.
Students can also take advantage of a one-way exchange program with a number of universities abroad.
Students can also take advantage of a variety of computer assisted language learning programs.
Students can also take advantage of a wide range of departmental research opportunities.
Students can also take advantage of an Internet-based registration and student information system.
Students can also take advantage of easy Internet and e-mail access.
Students can also take advantage of food and vending services available in the building.
Students can also take advantage of making contacts in politics.
Students can also take advantage of several major international symposia each year.
Students can also take asynchronous courses on a home computer - any time, any place.
Students can also take college courses online.
Students can also take courses in a foreign language.
Students can also take courses on a part-time basis.
Students can also take courses on test management and computers.
Students can also take courses to gain international experience.
Students can also take credits over the summer.
Students can also take desert ecology, using the surroundings as a classroom.
Students can also take high school level courses at the local public high school.
Students can also take into consideration career goals and interests when selecting courses.
Students can also take music, gym and art just for home-schoolers.
Students can also take part in a peerstay, where they provide their own meals.
Students can also take part in classes held for young adults.
Students can also take part in daily cultural and sightseeing activities around central Mexico.
Students can also take part in sporting activities.
Students can also take pictures of the literacy in their lives.
Students can also take postgraduate courses to continue their investigations.
Students can also take private lessons in composition.
Students can also take selected courses in an accelerated format.
Students can also take selected telecourses through video check-out.
Students can also take strips home and test family members.
Students can also take the busses to community service projects and internships.
Students can also take the special option of a tutorial.
Students can also tape or put the document on a computer disk.
Students can also test their knowledge of the American Presidents with the online scavenger hunt.
Students can also test their knowledge with a biology quiz.
Students can also think about little opportunities that happen everyday.
Students can also tinker with selections any time during the request week.
Students can also track asteroids or comets.
Students can also trade an item in their lunch for items in the box.
Students can also transfer from one office to another, including offices in the Caribbean.
Students can also translate the sequence in all three frames using their genetic code chart.
Students can also transmit work to faculty as attachments thus saving overnight shipping costs.
Students can also travel the old fashioned way by letting the road be the traveler's guide.
Students can also travel to and from other cities by bus and train.
Students can also travel to other countries and work on improving their Spanish language skills.
Students can also travel to other countries for comparative work or for a wider cultural experience.
Students can also try out for spirit teams which include cheerleading and dance squads.
Students can also try to write their own poem that teaches the order of the planets.
Students can also tryout or audition for scholarships.
Students can also turn in assignments and essays via e-mail.
Students can also typically earn enough to defray the cost of their university education.
Students can also understand the order of ideas in spoken language.
Students can also undertake a combined degree.
Students can also undertake language training in Russian, Bulgarian or Czech.
Students can also undertake more detailed study of chosen specialities.
Students can also undertake postgraduate degrees by research.
Students can also undertake six elective subjects.
Students can also update their contact information.
Students can also update their local addresses and phone numbers using PennInTouch.
Students can also upload resumes from various word processing programs.
Students can also use a good assessment rubric as a guide as they plan and execute their work.
Students can also use a microphone to create their own sound effects.
Students can also use a modern business library and computer lab.
Students can also use CD-ROM, scanning and printing facilities.
Students can also use computer programs to practice and review math problems.
Students can also use concept maps as a tool for self - assessment.
Students can also use cut-out pool tile pieces to work out the problems.
Students can also use electronic mail and access the Internet from any of the lab computers.
Students can also use electronic mail and can access the Internet from any of the lab computers.
Students can also use e-mail for personal and group counseling.
Students can also use email to dialog with course instructors and staff.
Students can also use e-mail to get answers to any questions that arise from their study.
Students can also use fastWEB to generate a form letter requesting application materials.
Students can also use forms of self and peer evaluations.
Students can also use Grand Valley's Web site to register or to add or drop sections.
Students can also use graphing calculators to graph the functions they created.
Students can also use graphing calculators to graph the situations.
Students can also use hand-held, computerized spellers.
Students can also use isotopic tracers in dietary studies.
Students can also use libraries of other UK universities.
Students can also use new techniques and processes or new media with tutor support.
Students can also use online resources to get current materials and articles for projects.
Students can also use our company as a reference for applying to different maritime jobs.
Students can also use our comprehensive indexes to research topics or important dates.
Students can also use presentation or authoring software packages to build multimedia presentations.
Students can also use presentation software to support their presentations.
Students can also use several hours of elective courses to study specific areas of their choice.
Students can also use the career guidance program available on their library computers.
Students can also use the center to study, cook, and meet together informally.
Students can also use the computer for math activities.
Students can also use the computers to access information on the Internet.
Students can also use the dig to learn about Paleontology, the study of past animal life.
Students can also use the Electronic Decision Form for Revised Award Notices.
Students can also use the game as a review outside of class time.
Students can also use the ice arena for skating during recreational hours.
Students can also use the library during both lunches.
Students can also use the library independently to continue their work.
Students can also use the outdoor facilities at convenient hours during the week.
Students can also use the program to search for scholarships and other types of financial aid.
Students can also use the program's data base to determine facilities available at local airfields.
Students can also use the reader as a resource for later activities.
Students can also use the reflector for group discussions outside of class.
Students can also use the SEO Web site given above to view job listings.
Students can also use the short, interactive tutorial to get started with their library research.
Students can also use the site for project research, help with homework, or to join student forums.
Students can also use the site to find other people to play games with.
Students can also use the site to teach others and share their work.
Students can also use the sports facilities, libraries, and other resources at the university.
Students can also use the summer months to complete elective coursework.
Students can also use the visualizations to explore specific hypotheses.
Students can also use the Web as a learning environment itself.
Students can also use their creative inventiveness to solve school work.
Students can also use their definitions as the basis for eliciting peer feedback as they work.
Students can also use their laptops for e-mail and Internet services.
Students can also use their lists to review for exams.
Students can also use their sea creatures developed in the previous activity.
Students can also use their talents and interests to help pay for their education.
Students can also use thinking strategies to sell themselves for their first job.
Students can also use TorchTone to make later adjustments in their schedule.
Students can also view classroom videos in the library and acquire language tapes for home use.
Students can also view each others'' work online and offer feedback to their peers.
Students can also view each others' work online and offer feedback to their peers.
Students can also view Russian featured films once a week or work in the language laboratory.
Students can also view sample resumes, letters or a scholarship essay.
Students can also view the statistics for the class by clicking on a hyperlinked column label.
Students can also view their graded quiz by clicking on their attempt number.
Students can also view their work and get information.
Students can also view weekly assigments and conduct research using the resource page .
Students can also visit chat rooms to solve problems with other students.
Students can also visit the library's web site to access the user guides.
Students can also volunteer by taking a law clinic class.
Students can also volunteer to serve as English tutors on campus.
Students can also walk in and see the first available consultant.
Students can also walk, ride their bikes or take the school bus.
Students can also watch or listen to a live event remotely.
Students can also watch tennis matches or play some tennis on the lighted tennis courts.
Students can also wear red and white stripes, or just red and white.
Students can also win weekly prizes of gift certificates to restaurants, theaters and concerts.
Students can also wipe off areas to make the work look aged.
Students can also withdraw from their courses shortly before one-third of the semester is completed.
Students can also work as facilitators within the program.
Students can also work at their own pace and receive feedback privately.
Students can also work cooperatively through the network.
Students can also work for manufacturing houses both national and international.
Students can also work in creative staff positions, such as choreographer and director.
Students can also work in empty classrooms.
Students can also work in teams on the computers, linking to work on a single project.
Students can also work in their own time.
Students can also work in various capacities in any of the dining halls.
Students can also work independently at their own computer stations.
Students can also work on a math trail as a homework assignment.
Students can also work on other aspects of the paper, such as advertisement and business management.
Students can also work on the classroom computers if additional time is necessary.
Students can also work to gain credits towards college or university tuition.
Students can also work together in creating a slide, or in reading each other's rough draft.
Students can also work toward a certificate in all the areas listed above.
Students can also work toward other related career options through completion of the degree.
Students can also work with lawyers who are taking on pro bono cases themselves.
Students can also work with professors as part of an independent study or practicum.
Students can also work with the internship office to set up their own positions.
Students can also work with their advisors to design their own areas of specialization.
Students can also write a caption for our photo of the month.
Students can also write a poem with artwork.
Students can also write about the project in journals.
Students can also write about their experiences in science in the classroom and at home.
Students can also write articles for classroom, school or school district newsletters.
Students can also write brief self-assessments.
Students can also write different forms of literature or poetry based on their own artworks.
Students can also write letters to mayors and the governor to ask for a proclamation.
Students can also write newsletters.
Students can also write their own haiku, being careful to concentrate on one seasonal image.
Students can also write their own short stories.
Students can also write their own simulator .
Students can also write their own word problems.
Students can also zoom in and zoom out on the map, and focus on a particular state.
Students can alternate arms when needed.
Students can always buy a car.
Students can always count on having access to a wide range of influence and guidance.
Students can always do more than one piece if their attention span holds.
Students can always get considerably higher hourly rates off campus.
Students can always go directly to faculty members for help.
Students can always look back in the passage to find the answer.
Students can always propose any project they like.
Students can always stop by the office to share suggestions or concerns.
Students can always tell an adult rather than retaliate for perceived wrongs.
Students can always try asking their teacher for an extension when they have a time crunch.
Students can always turn assignments in early.
Students can always use practice giving presentations.
Students can always write another story if they think they are done.
Students can always write perspectives, send emails, and yes, even mount a protest.
Students can always write to the representative and senators from their school's district and state.
Students can analyze and evaluate before, during, and after they conduct the investigation.
Students can analyze and look at things in a critical light.
Students can analyze another cultural perspective related to meeting one s needs.
Students can analyze cultural diffusion through exploring the origins of their favorite foods.
Students can analyze data, writing, philosophies, problems, and much more.
Students can analyze digital aerial photographs from their classrooms via the Internet.
Students can analyze performance in their logs to determine if they are reaching their goals.
Students can analyze problems using mathematical definitions and criteria.
Students can analyze the offspring and pose theories about genetics which are checked for accuracy.
Students can analyze the results individually, in small groups or in a class discussion.
Students can analyze the whole class data as well.
Students can analyze their scores to assess how accurate their angle sense is.
Students can analyze trends by region or by country.
Students can and do derive the reasoning of significance testing for themselves.
Students can and do excel and are truly nurtured and cared for here.
Students can and do sign up for multiple tests.
Students can and do volunteer at other times as well.
Students can and do win.
Students can and sometimes do fail.
Students can animate their favorite creatures or write stories about their experiences.
Students can annotate the material during the lecture and take notes in the space provided.
Students can answer low-level questions without thinking.
Students can answer questions and discuss the book together.
Students can answer questions and use manipulatives or numbers to display their results.
Students can answer questions on characters to determine their development.
Students can answer the questions in variety of ways.
Students can answer the questions online and then immediately receive feedback on their responses.
Students can answer three questions.
Students can answer weekly problems and they have a chance of winning a prize.
Students can anticipate completion of the program to require at least three semesters.
Students can anticipate financial support during the summer for well developed projects.
Students can anticipate nightly homework assignments involving reading, writing or both.
Students can anticipate some evening and weekend hours during the practicum.
Students can appeal decisions made by both groups.
Students can appeal the disciplinary decisions in both the formal and informal adjudication systems.
Students can applaud the effective expression of ideas and receive such applause.
Students can apply a particular doctrine to a situation and see the outcome.
Students can apply after the completion of their first academic year.
Students can apply after the following dates.
Students can apply after they have completed their training and passed their boards.
Students can apply and if given permission can continue in a contract-based university program.
Students can apply any repair they can think of.
Students can apply as individuals or groups.
Students can apply as individuals or in pairs.
Students can apply as transfer students to attend the programs.
Students can apply asset pricing models under various market conditions.
Students can apply at the end of the sophomore year.
Students can apply before they are admitted to Berkeley and can thus shorten their waiting time.
Students can apply by sending in their solutions to five problems below.
Students can apply by using one application form.
Students can apply classroom lessons to real world needs and experiences.
Students can apply computers to the challenges posed by more complex and ambiguous problems.
Students can apply course content to different backgrounds and majors.
Students can apply directly for internship positions that are listed.
Students can apply during sophomore or junior year.
Students can apply during the summer.
Students can apply early decision and are encouraged to do so.
Students can apply for a maximum of one month's salary.
Students can apply for a modem for home use.
Students can apply for a one-year renewal of the stipend only.
Students can apply for a parking permit.
Students can apply for a PIN on-line at pin.ed.gov .
Students can apply for a reduced fee.
Students can apply for a term or a full year exchange.
Students can apply for a variety of academic, honors, and athletic scholarships.
Students can apply for academic credit for prior learning from work and life experiences.
Students can apply for academic credit for prior life, work, and learning experiences.
Students can apply for accounts that give Internet access and e-mail.
Students can apply for admission online, as well.
Students can apply for admission to the fall, spring, or summer terms.
Students can apply for admissions online.
Students can apply for admissions.
Students can apply for aid and be alerted electronically regarding eligibility.
Students can apply for an account by filling out an online form .
Students can apply for an account by filling out an online form.
Students can apply for assistance at any time during the school year.
Students can apply for competitive grants to support their research and theses.
Students can apply for computer training courses and certification classes.
Students can apply for courses at postgraduate level only, ie.
Students can apply for credit by examination and portfolio.
Students can apply for different kinds of grants.
Students can apply for employment on campus online .
Students can apply for federal, state, and other student financial aid to help pay for college.
Students can apply for financial aid before, during, or after any of the steps for registration.
Students can apply for financial assistance as part of the overall application process.
Students can apply for financial assistance from public funds.
Students can apply for graduation on the teleregistration system.
Students can apply for jobs and schedule interviews online.
Students can apply for loans without parents being informed.
Students can apply for more than one apartment at a time.
Students can apply for Ohio residency after the first year of study.
Students can apply for on-campus employment as soon as they arrive.
Students can apply for overdraft protection.
Students can apply for parking online.
Students can apply for reduced rates.
Students can apply for standard fellowships or advanced disciplinary training fellowships.
Students can apply for student teaching before admission into the professional program.
Students can apply for studies, with or without credit, overseas.
Students can apply for suitable classes according to the result of the interview.
Students can apply for telephone service through the telephone business office.
Students can apply for the grant even if they have already applied for financial aid.
Students can apply for the officer s program in their junior year.
Students can apply for the places available either once or twice a year.
Students can apply for three, nine, or twelve month payment plans.
Students can apply for undergraduate and graduate studies.
Students can apply for work study jobs.
Students can apply from anywhere in the world.
Students can apply in one of two ways.
Students can apply information in a practical manner.
Students can apply knowledge of different types of text structures in writing assignments.
Students can apply mathematics skills and knowledge.
Students can apply modeling skills to find a formula for delta in terms of epsilon.
Students can apply more than once.
Students can apply newly acquired skills in novel situations and experiences.
Students can apply now for fall internships.
Students can apply on their own with a resume and cover letter.
Students can apply online and choose one of seven unique designs for a credit cards.
Students can apply online or by filling out an application form.
Students can apply online or by using a paper application.
Students can apply online to expedite the process.
Students can apply on-line.
Students can apply online.
Students can apply over the web and use their credit card for the application fee payment.
Students can apply scientific information to their daily decision making processes.
Students can apply scientific principles and methods to prove or disprove a hypothesis.
Students can apply similar methods to collect information and ferret out sound data.
Students can apply the parallelogram law to determine the resultant of two forces.
Students can apply the principle of the transmissibility of forces.
Students can apply their academy credit hours towards their degree.
Students can apply their lessons to real life situations outside the classroom.
Students can apply three hours of internship credit to the degree program.
Students can apply through the dean of the college offering the master's program.
Students can apply to any magnet school or program in the city.
Students can apply to become double majors, with concentrations in music and in another area .
Students can apply to choose a supervisor affiliated to any of the partner institutions.
Students can apply to either adult or paediatric specific courses.
Students can apply to have the notation removed after one year.
Students can apply to interview with employers in any of the participating cities.
Students can apply to law school in complete privacy, so gathering precise data is difficult.
Students can apply to live there.
Students can apply to many colleges electronically.
Students can apply to no more than three non-resident districts.
Students can apply to one of the five departments and indicate their desired specialization.
Students can apply to renew the award for a second year.
Students can apply to study for a summer, a semester or a full year.
Students can apply to study in America, Australia or Mexico.
Students can apply to the university without knowing how to read and write Arabic.
Students can apply to work at the university as a limited amount of work study is available.
Students can apply typically by submitting their resume directly to the company.
Students can apply using our college's custom application.
Students can apply using printed forms or on-line for most programs.
Students can apply what they are learning on an on-going basis.
Students can apply what they learn, by doing real hands-on experience in the school.
Students can apply while missing some prerequisite courses.
Students can apply within their departments for graduate or teaching assistantships.
Students can apply year round for internships offered locally and throughout the United States.
Students can apply, early in the second year, to go on our Intercalated Year scheme.
Students can appreciate their local ecosystems, including the cycles, rhythms, ebbs, and flows.
Students can appreciate why the body works as it does.
Students can approach the counselor who can handles every student with utmost care and concern.
Students can appropriately use the terminology and document formats of their fields of study.
Students can arrange alternate housing and transportation on their own if they wish.
Students can arrange an appointment with a physician, no comma to answer any questions and concerns.
Students can arrange appointments at their convenience.
Students can arrange appointments with professional counselors at their convenience.
Students can arrange exchange for a year or semester.
Students can arrange for cellular phones.
Students can arrange for deferment of principal payment until after graduation.
Students can arrange for independent study courses.
Students can arrange for their own meals in Aix.
Students can arrange hours that are convenient to their schedules.
Students can arrange phones in their rooms.
Students can arrange sentence strips or story segments to reconstruct stories.
Students can arrange the episodes in a sequential or random composition.
Students can arrange their hand in any way, such as a peace sign.
Students can arrange their rooms in many ways.
Students can arrange to attend days, nights or weekends, depending on the studio scheduling.
Students can arrange to bring their own mounts to school.
Students can arrange to fulfill their prerequisites by the end of the first year of graduate study.
Students can arrange to have classes taped.
Students can arrange to have their checks deposited directly into their bank account.
Students can arrange to have their other meals on campus or at home for an additional fee.
Students can arrange to intern days, nights or weekends, depending on the studio scheduling.
Students can arrange to participate in an internship and also receive academic credit.
Students can arrange to sit in on a class.
Students can arrange to stay extra days for an additional charge.
Students can arrange to stay in New York over the weekend if they wish.
Students can arrange to study for a summer, a semester, or one year.
Students can arrange to take exams by computer.
Students can arrange with any of the counselors for testing and follow-up interpretation.
Students can arrive also via Mexico City or direct to Guadalajara airports.
Students can ask a librarian a question relating to just about anything.
Students can ask a question in any category and be notified by email when responses are posted.
Students can ask a reference librarian questions about their research.
Students can ask an expert questions about plasma physics.
Students can ask and get answers to their questions related to science, tobacco, and health.
Students can ask any questions they have at that time.
Students can ask any questions to the teacher.
Students can ask for a certificate at the end of the workshop.
Students can ask for a waiver of the health insurance fee if they have comparable insurance.
Students can ask for context sensitive help to assist with the learning process.
Students can ask for help on their homework or seek advice about problems.
Students can ask for travel expenses coverage.
Students can ask other faculty to assist.
Students can ask questions about curriculum, instruction and demographics.
Students can ask questions about the scientific basis for the codes.
Students can ask questions and are seen and heard by the speaker in the remote location.
Students can ask questions and interact with the professor during the lecture.
Students can ask questions and receive advice and support directly from experts at the institutions.
Students can ask questions and receive answers.
Students can ask questions and receive feedback on their resumes and portfolios.
Students can ask questions and work with scientists, historians and other professionals.
Students can ask questions as they develop their projects.
Students can ask questions from the floor, before moving off into small discussion groups.
Students can ask questions if needed.
Students can ask questions of authors.
Students can ask questions of experts in the Forums and submit jokes for display.
Students can ask questions of the biologist and see it all first hand.
Students can ask questions of the professor or each other in real time or asynchronously.
Students can ask questions of the team at any time during the surgery.
Students can ask questions or make statements involving learned material.
Students can ask questions to informally network with the professionals.
Students can ask questions via chat.
Students can ask questions via email or newsgroups.
Students can ask questions via the internet, telephone and fax.
Students can ask questions without fear of peer criticism.
Students can ask questions, respond to questions asked or share resources and ideas.
Students can ask questions, x-ray, diagnose, and prescribe.
Students can ask questions.
Students can ask short questions either in written or spoken form.
Students can ask some of the workers when they visit the shopping center.
Students can ask the adult to describe an important memory.
Students can ask the computer for suggestions on what to do at each step of the problem.
Students can ask their academic adviser for a listing of the approved exams.
Students can ask their own questions as well as respond to others posted.
Students can ask their questons after partners have had an opportunity to read the articles.
Students can ask to be graded on their research work or ask to be paid.
Students can ask to predict a particular graph or graphs, or can ask for a more random problem.
Students can ask tutors to explain or present information in a new way.
Students can ask what if questions.
Students can assemble the amplifier component with adult supervision.
Students can assemble the areas to form the entire map.
Students can assess structural problems and select the appropriate solution technique.
Students can assess test success with personal performance results.
Students can assess the content of their journals from criteria established by the teacher.
Students can assess their interests and aptitude over a wide area in one semester.
Students can assess their own work using a rubric.
Students can assess themselves by watching the video.
Students can assist each other in debugging their programs as well.
Students can assist fellow majors in selecting courses and concentrations.
Students can assist in data collection, data entry, analysis, and writing results of the research.
Students can assist in or create events both on and off campus focusing on environmental issues.
Students can assist in the physical creation of the model.
Students can assist partners on special occasions.
Students can assist professors in ongoing research projects both in the lab and field.
Students can assist teachers, and serve as tutors and mentors.
Students can assist the webmaster in the creation of the African American web page.
Students can assist with needs assessment or data collection as part of a service learning project.
Students can assist with the implementation of assessment projects.
Students can assist with time-consuming legwork.
Students can attach document drafts or multimedia files to their messages.
Students can attach their own notes to images and structures for quick study and review.
Students can attach their questions directly to the item they wish to discuss.
Students can attain conditional admission to the program in exceptional cases.
Students can attain course credit, valuable work experience, and immediate and critical feedback.
Students can attain the highest level of sophistication they are capable of.
Students can attempt each exam only once.
Students can attempt the institute final examinations to acquire the professional designation.
Students can attempt to grow, cultivate and harvest a crop inside the classroom.
Students can attempt to open the vault by entering a six digit numeric code.
Students can attempt to weave and create their own kente cloths.
Students can attend after their sophomore, junior, or senior year in high school.
Students can attend any or all modules of the class.
Students can attend any portion of the evening.
Students can attend any program class.
Students can attend any school in the state.
Students can attend any Success Seminar regardless of program interest.
Students can attend as often or as little as they like.
Students can attend at any time or more than once over their three years.
Students can attend at half-price.
Students can attend both segments or the first segment only.
Students can attend charter schools using public funds.
Students can attend class from wherever they have access to the Internet.
Students can attend classes and meet other students on their own timetable.
Students can attend classes at their convenience.
Students can attend classes close to home or work.
Students can attend classes during the day or evening.
Students can attend classes from home, work or on the road.
Students can attend classes in the LRWC to learn Spanish and Korean.
Students can attend classes without interrupting their work schedules.
Students can attend classes, study, live, dine and socialize all in the same building.
Students can attend courses at different times in the academic year.
Students can attend courses for resident tuition during the summer months.
Students can attend cultural events from around the world, including music, theater, dance, and art.
Students can attend day or evening classes meeting twice a week.
Students can attend day or night, part time or full time.
Students can attend either for an academic year or a semester.
Students can attend either morning or afternoon sessions.
Students can attend either or both semesters.
Students can attend either part time or full time.
Students can attend either the morning or afternoon session.
Students can attend evening classes on any of the three participating campuses.
Students can attend for a year or a semester.
Students can attend for either a semester or an academic year.
Students can attend free of charge.
Students can attend free of cost.
Students can attend full or part time.
Students can attend full or part-time.
Students can attend full time or part time and complete all coursework in the evening.
Students can attend information sessions during the year, but they do have pressing questions now.
Students can attend just one week or both weeks.
Students can attend lectures in both Divisions.
Students can attend MTSU and make up deficiencies in credit hours at their personal expense.
Students can attend on a full or half-time basis.
Students can attend on a full or part-time basis with classes beginning in the first Summer session.
Students can attend on a full or part-time basis.
Students can attend one or all of the sessions.
Students can attend one or both sessions.
Students can attend one session only.
Students can attend or present a paper if they have done research with a faculty member.
Students can attend plays, concerts and special sports events.
Students can attend political seminars and conduct on- site research.
Students can attend school after attaining the age of three.
Students can attend scientific conferences to present results of their thesis research.
Students can attend sessions selectively , based on their prior knowledge of statistics.
Students can attend staff and post-graduate research seminars.
Students can attend TexPREP for three summers.
Students can attend the conference as guests when accompanied by a teacher or advisor.
Students can attend the course with minimal impact on their daily routine.
Students can attend the fall or spring term.
Students can attend the program for one or two terms or for a full academic year.
Students can attend the six-quarter program full time or part time.
Students can attend the university and the community college simultaneously.
Students can attend the university for one or two semesters to study Greek and other courses.
Students can attend the workshops on a walk-in basis.
Students can attend university lectures in their area of study.
Students can attend up to five different sessions during the all day event.
Students can attend workshops every other week throughout the semester.
Students can attend year round if they want.
Students can attest to that.
Students can attest to the value of community service as well.
Students can audit classroom lectures if desired.
Students can audit other faculty workshops after the first day.
Students can audit, or earn one unit of credit by doing three things.
Students can avail of a regular and prompt transport service to and from the school.
Students can avoid any visa application problems by taking a distance course.
Students can avoid capitalizing interest by paying the accrued interest.
Students can avoid plagiarism by carefully following accepted scholarly practices.
Students can avoid relocating, and maintain current careers and family life.
Students can avoid someone else s ball from hitting their feet by jumping, sliding, etc.
Students can avoid someone else's ball from hitting their feet by jumping, sliding, etc.
Students can avoid the pitfalls the mentors experienced.
Students can avoid unintentional plagiarism by carefully accepted scholarly practices.
Students can avoid unintentional plagiarism by carefully following accepted scholarly practices.
Students can avoid withholding on summer employment if certain conditions exist.
Students can baby-sit, garden, type manuscripts, run errands and perform other tasks.
Students can barely breathe without getting bawled out.
Students can basically get course materials online and learn at their own pace.
Students can be a co-author of an abstract.
Students can be a part of any of their leadership programs at any point in their college careers.
Students can be a part of the rule set up for their classroom.
Students can be absent no more than four sessions.
Students can be absent no more than one session.
Students can be active in all or only a few of the activities depending on their interests.
Students can be an excellent source of pedagogical inspiration.
Students can be anywhere around the world, connected to the tutor by Internet.
Students can be anywhere, from the shop floor to an aircraft carrier at sea.
Students can be arrogant and impatient.
Students can be as creative as they like.
Students can be as creative as they wish.
Students can be as inventive as they want.
Students can be as involved in the group as they want.
Students can be assertive in pursuing their particular interests.
Students can be at satellite campuses, at the workplace, or at home.
Students can be batch uploaded into courses.
Students can be better prepared for actual exams after seeing their areas of strength and weakness.
Students can be citizens of their classroom entitled to protection by their student government.
Students can be citizens of their classroom.
Students can be creative and exaggerate, or even stretch the truth.
Students can be creative and practice memory skills.
Students can be creative in choosing samples of personal interest.
Students can be creative in portraying information about agriculture and healthy eating.
Students can be creative with their representation of each period.
Students can be currently administrators or staff at a learning support center.
Students can be either undergraduate or graduate.
Students can be eligible to receive both types of loan for the same enrollment period.
Students can be extrinsically or intrinsically motivated.
Students can be from any country and the program can be in any language.
Students can be full or part-time.
Students can be good friends to others by developing the qualities that contribute to friendship.
Students can be good role models for other students.
Students can be here for years on student visas.
Students can be in a better school the next day, catching up on their education.
Students can be in a terminal program or a transfer program.
Students can be in charge of rolling the die.
Students can be in either first or sixth period class.
Students can be in personal contact with others in Mexico, France, Quebec, Spain and Germany.
Students can be in undergraduate, graduate, doctoral or post doctoral studies.
Students can be late to two classes without any effect on the grade.
Students can be lead authors.
Students can be loud, intimidating and appear uncaring.
Students can be more creative in setting up their own experiments and are stimulated to learn more.
Students can be more highly motivated.
Students can be more motivated to learn when technology is used.
Students can be more pro-active in learning rather than reacting to what the supervisor has planned.
Students can be much more effective and happy with a break in their first semester.
Students can be next year's juniors or seniors.
Students can be on transfer credits, double diplomas, etc.
Students can be problem solvers and troubleshooters.
Students can be proud to live on campus.
Students can be really well informed.
Students can be resourceful in solving problems.
Students can be responsible for their behavior.
Students can be responsible for their own education.
Students can be scientists.
Students can be strongly one style, or can be a combination of many different styles.
Students can be successful based upon their individual goals and efforts.
Students can be sure they are at the right center by finding their clue on the chart in the center.
Students can be tremendous peer teachers.
Students can be varianced to any school in the district provided space is available.
Students can be very creative with limited supplies.
Students can be very creative with the pictures they share.
Students can be very pro-active.
Students can be visual with their thoughts through arts, music, acting,or dancing.
Students can be vulnerable to depression due to the many stressors associated with college.
Students can become a ball and experience, first hand, Newton's laws of motion.
Students can become a member of the group by audition only.
Students can become affiliates of the national psychological associations.
Students can become affiliates or members.
Students can become aware of the various sounds created by each item.
Students can become Beta members when they are sophomores.
Students can become better readers by becoming better writers.
Students can become better readers only if they understand how to construct meaning as they read.
Students can become certified and then have the opportunity to go to the Atlantic Ocean for a dive.
Students can become eligible for aid by completing a drug rehabilitation program.
Students can become familiar with the main features within a single session.
Students can become fearful, hindering their ability to think.
Students can become friends and work together on problems.
Students can become ineligible to participate on athletic teams if their grades become too low.
Students can become involved at any time.
Students can become involved creatively in independent research.
Students can become involved in a wide variety of intramural and several intercollegiate sports.
Students can become involved in bat conservation.
Students can become involved in many projects that provide valuable experience .
Students can become involved in online research projects.
Students can become involved in serving on a number of different hearing boards.
Students can become involved in the publications as soon as their freshman year.
Students can become involved in the research process as early as the first year.
Students can become involved with student council as an officer or a room representative.
Students can become isolated from their departments, friends, and families for a number of reasons.
Students can become junior members.
Students can become members for free.
Students can become more active participates in the learning process.
Students can become newspaper reporters and write a newspaper article about the runaway incident.
Students can become overwhelmed by the vastness of resources on the Internet.
Students can become student members while doing the course.
Students can become very frustrated.
Students can become who they are, or who they want to be.
Students can begin a course of study any month of the year.
Students can begin Accounting Major courses only fall semester.
Students can begin any lab after the pre-laboratory lecture is given.
Students can begin any month.
Students can begin any quarter.
Students can begin any semester.
Students can begin any time and study as long as needed to prepare for the exam.
Students can begin at a low level and increase to a higher level.
Students can begin at any time and study at any pace.
Students can begin at any time in any part of the world.
Students can begin attendance at the beginning of any one of the modules in a term.
Students can begin attending job fairs as freshmen.
Students can begin by using just a few messages or the full fifteen.
Students can begin by writing two to three sentences to support the stated generalization.
Students can begin clinical rotations as early as their sophomore year.
Students can begin doctoral study the next semester.
Students can begin effective habits early, and they all deal with responsibility.
Students can begin hands-on production during their freshman year.
Students can begin in any of the four university terms.
Students can begin learning about telescopes by moving and pointing the telescopes manually.
Students can begin major course work immediately.
Students can begin most major career fields at IECC before transferring.
Students can begin or even complete all of the exercises in chapter eight.
Students can begin planning to apply as soon as their freshman year.
Students can begin practicing at noon.
Students can begin providing documentation before they actually begin classes.
Students can begin self-paced courses, which also include instructor interaction, at any time.
Students can begin studies any term or semester.
Students can begin study at any time and the first three preview classes are free.
Students can begin taking courses earlier because of fewer prerequisites.
Students can begin taking courses in music technology at any time.
Students can begin taking IS classes earlier in their program.
Students can begin taking required courses without delcaring the major.
Students can begin taking the exam in the ninth grade.
Students can begin the day with the Pledge of Allegiance, or can sing Happy Birthday to friends.
Students can begin the four-year program as a freshman or as a sophomore.
Students can begin the program at any time throughout the year.
Students can begin the program either in the fall or spring semester.
Students can begin the program in any quarter.
Students can begin the program in any term of the academic year.
Students can begin the program with any of the three modules of courses.
Students can begin their research at the first four websites below.
Students can begin their research at the last three links below.
Students can begin their research at the last two links below.
Students can begin their research work as soon as the second term of the first year.
Students can begin their studies at any time during the programme.
Students can begin their studies in the fall or spring semester or in the summer session.
Students can begin their studies in the fall, spring or summer semesters.
Students can begin their study at any time.
Students can begin to analyze data and express relationships verbally.
Students can begin to build on their analytical skills and appreciation of music.
Students can begin to collect data to help determine facts concerning environmental issues.
Students can begin to describe rate of change informally by inspecting the slope of the line.
Students can begin to develop additional specializations through the internship experience.
Students can begin to gather sounds onto a tape of their own, forming a sound bank .
Students can begin to gather sounds onto a tape of their own, forming a sound blank.
Students can begin to learn about whales by exploring different sites on the web.
Students can begin to make inferences about effects over time.
Students can begin to plan now.
Students can begin to see a resemblance to possibilities and problems that our society faces today.
Students can begin to separate insects by shape, such as grasshoppers, beetles, and butterflies.
Students can begin to think about potential resolutions.
Students can begin to work collaboratively to publish material.
Students can begin work on their master's thesis project during the third year of the program.
Students can begin working on a presentation as small groups or individuals.
Students can begin writing the essay after they have complete the objective portion of the exam.
Students can belong through existing branches, or they can start one, or be a member at large.
Students can bend down to make tiny egg shapes, then wiggle about on their tummies as caterpillars.
Students can benefit from collaborative approaches to learning.
Students can benefit from different grading procedures for different classes.
Students can benefit from discounts at the dentist s.
Students can benefit from involvement on-campus by participating in a variety of activities.
Students can benefit from learning to structure their environment.
Students can benefit from meeting executives before interviews and job selection.
Students can benefit from special rates for the use of the pool.
Students can benefit from the institute through exchanges with prestigious Korean universities.
Students can benefit from the services and resources provided.
Students can benefit from the whole building.
Students can benefit from working in groups.
Students can benefit in many ways.
Students can benefit more from learning through a variety than limited sources.
Students can benefit the most when both the family and school are working together.
Students can best prove their proficiency through multiple methods of assessment.
Students can best understand science by doing science.
Students can better balance their schedules in the early semesters.
Students can better coordinate their courses to make more effective use of their time.
Students can better decide what directions to take in preparation for a career.
Students can better understand an animal's life history and ecology when both are given equal time.
Students can better understand changes, or model advanced level situations.
Students can better understand chemistry by completing all the homework.
Students can bid all of the points they have in their accounts.
Students can bid on items that have been donated by local business, teachers, and parents.
Students can bike, ski, hike, or golf.
Students can bill the flu shot to their student accounts.
Students can bluff the instructor.
Students can bone up on wolf fact and fiction as they bite into juicy activities.
Students can book a machine in any of the open access rooms for a period of up to two hours.
Students can book a session up to three weeks in advance.
Students can book double rooms in host families if travelling together, prices upon request.
Students can book time on the instrument as part of their laboratory experiments.
Students can bookmark their articles, highlight text and save sets of related articles.
Students can borrow books as needed via mail request or on the suggestion of their professors.
Students can borrow books at any time.
Students can borrow braille and large print books.
Students can borrow laptops from the computer department.
Students can borrow only one item at a time.
Students can borrow texts for two week periods.
Students can borrow the books by themselves in the library.
Students can borrow the cameras and camcorder for school projects.
Students can borrow the headsets to reinforce the sound signal according to their needs.
Students can borrow two books at a time and use for fifteen days.
Students can borrow two books at a time for upto four days and that can be renewed once.
Students can borrow under only one program during a period of enrollment.
Students can borrow up to four books at any one time for three weeks.
Students can borrow up to the cost of attendance minus any scholarship funds received.
Students can borrow up to the cost of education.
Students can borrow up to the cost of their education.
Students can borrow up to the full cost of their education.
Students can both receive results and be advised immediately after taking the tests.
Students can both see and hear the multiple choice questions.
Students can both send and recieve mail and packages on campus.
Students can brainstorm captions and storylines in small and large groups.
Students can brainstorm possible projects to help homeless children.
Students can break their enrollment by choice or by being formally dismissed.
Students can bring a diskette with the Latin words of their choice.
Students can bring a photograph to work from.
Students can bring a sack lunch or leave if they wish.
Students can bring a sack lunch.
Students can bring an unofficial transcript for an evaluation.
Students can bring any non-perishable food products, like peanut butter, can soup or crackers.
Students can bring articles of interest from their favorite publication.
Students can bring as many books as they wish.
Students can bring blanks to class for critiquing.
Students can bring dates, or come single, or come in groups.
Students can bring diskettes to copy the lecture notes that are nontransferrable.
Students can bring either their pets or photographs of their pets to school.
Students can bring food or do homework during the one-hour congregation.
Students can bring food to eat from home.
Students can bring foods that represent their cultures.
Students can bring fresh eyes to the process.
Students can bring guests without using cash.
Students can bring in a newspaper and share a current event or a headline with the class.
Students can bring in an assignment or a paper in progress.
Students can bring in composting material from home.
Students can bring in food, artifacts, and clothing to share with their classmates.
Students can bring in games that they enjoyed as a young child or ones used by younger siblings.
Students can bring in materials to use and share.
Students can bring in papers from any class.
Students can bring in pictures of their family.
Students can bring in pictures to include in their webpages.
Students can bring in the song as lyrics or sheet music, on tape, CD, or video.
Students can bring in their heirloom and tell why it is so important.
Students can bring in their own diesel engine to rebuild with the permission of the instructor.
Students can bring in their problem pieces for analysis and discussion.
Students can bring in writing from any discipline at any stage in the process.
Students can bring lunch, store drinks in the refrigerator, grab coffee.
Students can bring microwave ovens for the kitchen common area.
Students can bring money to school in the form of check or cash.
Students can bring new ideas to the table.
Students can bring plastic water bottles during lunch recess if they wish.
Students can bring precious things to school.
Students can bring resumes to the workshop.
Students can bring samples of soil from home.
Students can bring the animals outside to run and play.
Students can bring their computers to the examinations.
Students can bring their course text books, plus download the online final review notes.
Students can bring their course text books, plus download the online midterm review notes.
Students can bring their dish to school to share with the class.
Students can bring their family and friends along.
Students can bring their friends to hear faith related topics discussed.
Students can bring their laptops and display pictures for one another about the topic of the day.
Students can bring their lunch and find a supportive environment to discuss life issues.
Students can bring their own beer samples for a chemical and sensory analysis.
Students can bring their own beverages to class if they like.
Students can bring their own data sets for analysis.
Students can bring their own lunch and buy only milk if they choose.
Students can bring their own lunch or a hot lunch is available at the schools.
Students can bring their own lunch to school.
Students can bring their own project specific problems, which can be addressed during the tutorial.
Students can bring their own telephone but are responsible for all repairs.
Students can bring their own telephone or purchase one upon arrival.
Students can bring their own wood to carve - or it can be supplied by the college at cost.
Students can bring their pets.
Students can bring their practice exams to the session and review problems with their classmates.
Students can broaden the discussion to their own experience of fads and trends.
Students can broaden their cultural awareness and acquire a global perspective.
Students can broaden their understanding of the world and their place in it.
Students can browse by decade or search by terms, keywords, names, dates, or Boolean operators.
Students can browse for their student files from there.
Students can browse poems according to such themes as motion, solitude, or relationship.
Students can browse reference materials from all over the world at the flick of a switch.
Students can browse the collection's Title Index , looking at various mapping techniques.
Students can browse the curriculum, register for the courses and get faculty advice all online.
Students can browse the Internet for educational research or spend time playing computer games.
Students can browse the list of cities represented by the baseball cards in the collection.
Students can browse the locations by state.
Students can browse the site for more information on employers, or to learn more about the program.
Students can browse the titles and make their selections, then pay cash or charge it.
Students can browse through a wealth of information at the touch of a finger.
Students can browse through books or files on any of the countries where programs are offered.
Students can browse through the fruit newsroom, get great nutritious recipes, and much more.
Students can browse through the list of alumni, seeing only career-related information.
Students can build a dinosaur out of a pile of bones.
Students can build a solar car with a balsa wood chassis once their prototype car is approved.
Students can build a space shuttle assembly to serve as the central display at the space fair.
Students can build a weather station and compare their data with the data provided on the net.
Students can build a working solar oven and a solar water heater, and design solar-powered homes.
Students can build and test theories.
Students can build home pages, visit chat rooms and make virtual greeting cards.
Students can build indices that link online student web publishing about Australian topics.
Students can build Louisiana folklife portfolios over time.
Students can build models of teeth out of clay or play-doh.
Students can build on their own ideas.
Students can build patterns, mazes, graphs and objects.
Students can build proficiency through completion of the appropriate reading courses in Spanish.
Students can build projects or conduct virtual tours.
Students can build technology skills through direct interaction with experts in the field.
Students can build the engine into their own.
Students can build their own cartoons by filling out and submitting an online form.
Students can build their own notes and import classmates or instructors notes into the text.
Students can build their own speaker and electric motor.
Students can build upon and further explore mathematics through various enrichment activities.
Students can bury the sarcophagus and dig it up in the spring.
Students can buy a membership for a reasonable semester fee.
Students can buy a special card to qualify for discounts.
Students can buy a variety of meal plans to fit their lifestyle.
Students can buy and sell securities, learn about asset allocation, and many other things.
Students can buy and sell used textbooks, casebooks, flashcards, and miscellaneous study materials.
Students can buy candy, pop, gum, and freshly popped popcorn.
Students can buy chocolate, strawberry or coffee-flavored milk.
Students can buy computers and software at a discount.
Students can buy food there or in various canteens for students.
Students can buy games or use free versions.
Students can buy glazes and additional materials.
Students can buy halal meat locally and there is a mosque only a short journey from the city centre.
Students can buy multiple tickets if they wish.
Students can buy one volume without necessarily having to buy the other.
Students can buy or cook their own lunch and weekend meals.
Students can buy or make their own notebooks to jot full of notes.
Students can buy other brands that are faster and have more capabilities.
Students can buy roses for a secret admirer, best friend, or favorite faculty member.
Students can buy snack items at breakfast and lunch.
Students can buy stamps and check out videos at the office.
Students can buy the clues by solving crime-related mathematics problems.
Students can buy the professional version at a substantial discount.
Students can buy tickets for a variety of Indian food provided by two local restaurants.
Students can buy two days' lunch in one day.
Students can buy used books at the site also.
Students can calculate a linear predictor equation and test for adequacy.
Students can calculate direct shear stress.
Students can calculate direct stress due and deflections resulting from axial loads.
Students can calculate equivalent fractions.
Students can calculate maximum column loadings.
Students can calculate the allowable load in long and short columns.
Students can calculate the amount of energy it takes to power different electrical items.
Students can calculate the average distance obtained.
Students can calculate the average stopping distance and average speeds for each bicyclist.
Students can calculate the deflection of beams.
Students can calculate the equilibrium pH of rain due to carbon dioxide in the air.
Students can calculate the odds of winning the various prizes.
Students can calculate the total costs using the spreadsheet.
Students can calculate time differences based on time zones.
Students can calculate torsional stresses and deflections within circular shafts.
Students can call and personally request a school catalog and application forms.
Students can call and request a name change for the service they are already receiving.
Students can call and talk to teachers on weekends and holidays.
Students can call ext.
Students can call for an advising appointment or stop in any time to get information.
Students can call for emergency consultation and crisis intervention.
Students can call from home, work or the beach from any country in the world.
Students can call in every weeknight except Fridays and get help, but time is running out.
Students can call in their questions and get answers from experts in a variety of professions.
Students can call in with questions and receive immediate feedback from the instructor.
Students can call in with questions or comments and receive immediate feedback from the instructor.
Students can call or e-mail in advance to set up an appointment if they prefer.
Students can call or e-mail staff at Minneapolis if they have questions.
Students can call or make an appointment in person.
Students can call or send an e-mail to set up an appointment if they prefer.
Students can call or stop in the branch library to reserve time slots for the computers.
Students can call or walk in to make an appointment.
Students can call other students to go over homework.
Students can call our customer service numbers listed here .
Students can call out the meaning in English or the native language, depending on their level.
Students can call the above number for titles and times of workshops.
Students can call the campus to check for cancellation.
Students can call the department to determine if registration is being controlled for that course.
Students can call the hot line anonymously and report criminal activities.
Students can call the lab if interested in attending.
Students can call the office telephone number listed above for consultation.
Students can call the schools directly for more information.
Students can call the support center at ext.
Students can call the toll-free number from any phone.
Students can call the VA to receive a pamphlet describing the program for which they are eligible.
Students can call to make a counseling or medical appointment.
Students can call to schedule the shot .
Students can call, write, email or visit the academic advisor of their choosing.
Students can call-in, fax, or email ideas and solutions during the telecast.
Students can can control a machine to plant and water plants.
Students can cancel the option up to the first day of school.
Students can car-pool it and drive downstate collectively for the weekend at reduced costs for all.
Students can carpool.
Students can carry a bible or other religious texts to and in school.
Students can carry it to class to assist in note-taking.
Students can carry it to the bars, the restaurants.
Students can carry out exercises and assignments via the web.
Students can carry out soil and water analysis as an elective topic.
Students can carry out virtual experiments while the teacher watches.
Students can carry their laptops to the library and hookup to the campus network.
Students can carry their texts, note books, folders, and music.
Students can carve a petroglyph onto a rock.
Students can cash checks for a limited amount.
Students can cash checks here as well as buy tickets, candy, gum, newspapers and magazines.
Students can catch up with their work and learn at a pace that meets their individual needs.
Students can categorize bugs, plants, coins, animals or people.
Students can categorize their words.
Students can cause tremendous havoc in the classroom by changing settings on the computer etc.
Students can celebrate the rewards too.
Students can celebrate their birthday along with some of their closest friends.
Students can certainly initiate change in the curriculum.
Students can certainly make more intelligent decisions with such information at hand.
Students can certainly participate in the second period two, and can ask questions.
Students can change a class from audit to credit or from credit to audit at any time.
Students can change advisers.
Students can change advisors in the office of the undergraduate dean in their home college.
Students can change advisors.
Students can change and adjust the information when necessary.
Students can change and adjustment the information when necessary.
Students can change angle of view, size of image and orbit lines.
Students can change any of the values in blue to investigate what happens.
Students can change careers to teaching or educating in corporate or community settings.
Students can change courses or course sections during the Add Drop Period.
Students can change data input to observe the changes in the simulations.
Students can change gravity, spring stiffness, and friction.
Students can change jobs during the activities.
Students can change later to another individualized course at the same hour if needed.
Students can change levels of courses at semester with teacher's permission.
Students can change modes of study at any time.
Students can change number of wedges, color of wedges, and location of wedges.
Students can change password in a course.
Students can change passwords and other personal information after logging in.
Students can change tempo of individual progressions, or of all progressions.
Students can change the angle of the incident beam and the grating ruling density.
Students can change the facts every couple of days.
Students can change the information on their assignment information form as often as they wish.
Students can change the initial conditions, masses or potential parameters to see how things change.
Students can change the number of entries to view from the selector at the bottom of the window.
Students can change the parameters in the interactive mode and explore natural laws.
Students can change the value of a parameter with a scroll bar.
Students can change their address details on-line.
Students can change their advisor during the program, but it generally causes graduation delays.
Students can change their choice of programme after further consultation.
Students can change their directory address information via the Student Link.
Students can change their name and their e-mail addresses.
Students can change their own password at the discretion of the designer.
Students can change their passwords on their own after they access the course for the first time.
Students can change their PIN during the registration process by following the instructions given.
Students can change their questions regularly since it is their page.
Students can chant the portion while reading the text on the screen.
Students can charge food and beverage items on their meal plan.
Students can charge groceries, sandwiches, snacks and gasoline to their student account.
Students can charge it to their student account.
Students can charge meals to their school bill at any eatery on campus.
Students can charge registration to a bursar's account.
Students can charge the cost to their term bills.
Students can charge the cost to their tuition bill.
Students can charge the fee to their accounts.
Students can charge the Phoenix to their student account or pay by cash or check.
Students can chart weekly observations about the growth and health of their plants.
Students can chat on-line with the instant mentor and other students on line.
Students can chat with ambassadors, complete puzzles and quizzes.
Students can chat with other students, visit an art gallery, and read children's writing.
Students can chat with students from other classrooms by entering a 'Main' channel.
Students can check and correct their work.
Students can check as many categories as they wish.
Students can check back each week and follow a story as it unfolds.
Students can check building and class locations.
Students can check course syllabi, schedules, assignments, reference materials, or campus events.
Students can check current conditions at Mount Washington.
Students can check deadlines, review the syllabus and link to other resources.
Students can check each other s work for accuracy.
Students can check each other's work for accuracy.
Students can check for fragments by checking for . . .
Students can check for new messages from wherever they have Internet access.
Students can check for themselves to see how well they know the course material.
Students can check grades and visit career and research resources.
Students can check grades, holds and account information on line.
Students can check mail or check for changes without having to go any further.
Students can check out a book to use at home.
Students can check out a laptop as they enter the library.
Students can check out a laptop for up to four hours of in-library use.
Students can check out a set of keys that open the outer door, library, lounge and computer lab.
Students can check out AR books in the library.
Students can check out books for their classes without ever hurting their pocketbook.
Students can check out books, magazines, and videos overnight.
Students can check out cleaning equipment, such as vacuums and brooms.
Students can check out continuing and noncredit education courses at local schools.
Students can check out five books.
Students can check out keys for other times from the department secretary.
Students can check out materials for free.
Students can check out movies and educational videos at no charge.
Students can check out outdoor recreation equipment at the backpack co-op.
Students can check out pool equipment at the security desk.
Students can check out reserve material with a current university identification card.
Students can check out reserve materials for two hours.
Students can check out row boats and paddle boats during the spring, summer, and fall seasons.
Students can check out software for use at home on their own computers.
Students can check out the bikes for free for two days.
Students can check out the financial aid Web address for further information.
Students can check out the set of readings to read or photocopy.
Students can check out up to ten books at a time for a period of two weeks.
Students can check out videotapes.
Students can check primary sources and do a review of law review literature in a given area.
Students can check the assignment timetable here .
Students can check the board outside the advisor's office for results.
Students can check the bulletin board for each day's spirit theme.
Students can check the credit attached to subject units through the Credit Precedent Lists .
Students can check the current size of their network accounts and mail spools using an online form.
Students can check the exam schedule on the web or school notice boards.
Students can check the list of titles to see if other books they read are included.
Students can check the list to see who is assigned as their faculty advisor.
Students can check the number of credits posted via the Student Link .
Students can check the page if they miss a day of school or if they forget what was for homework.
Students can check the restaurants or peoples's yards.
Students can check the status of their aid application and see what information is missing.
Students can check their accuracy each night by watching the moon.
Students can check their answers by looking at the answer sheet in the folder.
Students can check their answers on the spot.
Students can check their compatibility through interest surveys and meet new people.
Students can check their email from many locations on campus.
Students can check their financial aid applications and pay tuition.
Students can check their grades and file appeals for any grades on the home page.
Students can check their grades at anytime during the quarter.
Students can check their grades online at the course site.
Students can check their own results on classwork and seek help when needed.
Students can check their own writing for problems spots.
Students can check their predictions and make changes if necessary.
Students can check their progress, since the programs keep track of units and topics completed.
Students can check their registration status using Just the Facts .
Students can check their solutions and are encouraged to submit any of their own problems.
Students can check their telephone charges online .
Students can check their TOPS eligibility on line .
Students can check to make sure their animation is in sequence.
Students can check to see if certain courses are being offered, availability of course, etc.
Students can check to see what items are on reserve for their courses.
Students can check videos of the workshops at regional campuses as well.
Students can check with the front office to see what's coming up and then do the promotion.
Students can check-out audiotapes for duplication or use in the Independent Study Lab.
Students can check-out phonograph records and audio cassettes.
Students can cheer our football team while watching the gridiron action from the stands.
Students can choose a basic program of study in finance or one of the specialized study areas.
Students can choose a basic program of study in marketing or one of the specialized study areas.
Students can choose a book from the box.
Students can choose a clinical specialty, a major in teaching, or both.
Students can choose a combination of modules from either stream to fit with their career goals.
Students can choose a community and click on that community.
Students can choose a concentration in either health or nutrition.
Students can choose a country on which to focus.
Students can choose a day, evening or weekend testing time.
Students can choose a famous person from the collection and read a biography of that individual.
Students can choose a major in print and electronic journalism, or digital and film arts.
Students can choose a major in print media or telecommunications.
Students can choose a major or a minor degree program.
Students can choose a major or minor in either French or German.
Students can choose a master's of science or a master's of art degree.
Students can choose a minor concentration in music theory or music history.
Students can choose a modern sonnet.
Students can choose a pace which best fits their needs.
Students can choose a research topic within their area of interest of future work plans.
Students can choose a service-learning option.
Students can choose a specific subplot to role play.
Students can choose a topic from a list of topics assigned by the instructor.
Students can choose a type of bird to study and draw the head and eyes of the bird.
Students can choose a type of search, click on a link, and go to the appropriate search tool.
Students can choose a variety of facts to practice, even take a timed test.
Students can choose a variety of on and off campus experiences .
Students can choose according to their own interests and hobbies. .
Students can choose activities, products, people and places.
Students can choose among a host of classes and courses in high school and college.
Students can choose among a variety of living environments and options.
Students can choose among a variety of repayment options, including income contingency.
Students can choose among and use options that are relevant and useful to the learning experience.
Students can choose among concerts, films, art exhibits, and lectures without leaving campus.
Students can choose among many subject areas and combinations.
Students can choose among several optional courses according to their interest every semester.
Students can choose among two major courses of study and a minor.
Students can choose an activity and find the materials necessary to complete that task.
Students can choose an analytical historiography topic or a primary research topic.
Students can choose an area to study for a project.
Students can choose an elective specialization in family therapy, management, or research.
Students can choose an emotion to display from the thirty expressive face choices.
Students can choose an expensive school or a less expensive school.
Students can choose an invention and design a trade card or poster to advertise it.
Students can choose an offered major or they can design their own.
Students can choose and experiment with drawing media and color.
Students can choose and then discuss the consequences of each strategy.
Students can choose and then organise a practice placement experience internationally.
Students can choose any book marked with a small round colored circle on the binding.
Students can choose any class providing they meet the prerequisites.
Students can choose any fulltime faculty member as an advisor.
Students can choose any issues to include on campaign materials.
Students can choose any or all modules according to how many credits they wish to earn.
Students can choose any or all of the options available.
Students can choose any place in the tropical world and any medical speciality.
Students can choose as many or as few as they wish, thanks largely to a new block scheduling system.
Students can choose as they see fit.
Students can choose beginner, intermediate and advance workshop, where applicable.
Students can choose between a full time day or evening class.
Students can choose between a shared double room or a single room.
Students can choose between a workstation deployment and a server deployment course.
Students can choose between instructor-led and online training options.
Students can choose between majors and minors in over thirty different areas.
Students can choose between research-oriented and applied course work.
Students can choose between the analysis of a court case and a probate inventory analysis.
Students can choose between the two programs or participate in both.
Students can choose between three different programs in Ecuador.
Students can choose between two alternative times to meet in groups.
Students can choose between two tracks.
Students can choose books in their range from the library, classroom or from home.
Students can choose coping strategies to help manage stress in the years to come.
Students can choose courses for personal enrichment as well.
Students can choose courses such as international markets, labour economics, the economics of China.
Students can choose day and time of convenience to themselves and their student.
Students can choose different options for each requirement.
Students can choose either a bachelor of arts degreeprogram or a bachelor of science degree program.
Students can choose either a research team, or a specific research advisor from the lists below.
Students can choose either a scenario from the readings or another journalism ethics dilemma.
Students can choose either a science option or a management option.
Students can choose either location.
Students can choose either method to register.
Students can choose either or both.
Students can choose either our boarding program or day program .
Students can choose either the continental breakfast or hot breakfast buffet.
Students can choose either to emphasize Latin or Greek.
Students can choose either to stay a full year or just a quarter at their exchange school.
Students can choose elective courses that emphasize practice and procedure in the state of Texas.
Students can choose electives each year including non-engineering subjects.
Students can choose electives in the areas of bioprocess, waste treatment and human factors.
Students can choose electives that also fulfill requirements for a minor in chemistry or biology.
Students can choose English, German or Italian language.
Students can choose farm animals to incorporate into the songs.
Students can choose from a broad array of careers.
Students can choose from a diverse range of traditional and innovative internship sites.
Students can choose from a growing number of history internships.
Students can choose from a hot or cold sandwich and watch some television while they eat.
Students can choose from a list of basic Spanish vocabulary categories.
Students can choose from a number of courses taught by faculty from local universities.
Students can choose from a range of opportunities to live and work in Germany.
Students can choose from a range of prepared food items, many of which are cooked when ordered.
Students can choose from a selected group of service placements.
Students can choose from a selection of bulbs, buzzers, motor, switches and wires.
Students can choose from a selection of options in the final semester.
Students can choose from a semester or a year-long program.
Students can choose from a traditional or suite room.
Students can choose from a traditional or townhouse room.
Students can choose from a variety of activities.
Students can choose from a variety of block meal plans.
Students can choose from a variety of courses offered by the department.
Students can choose from a variety of courses that vary in length as well as content.
Students can choose from a variety of destinations, ranging from Italy to Jamaica.
Students can choose from a variety of experiences, some on campus, and many off.
Students can choose from a variety of health care providers.
Students can choose from a variety of housing options on and off campus.
Students can choose from a variety of intercollegiate, club or intramural sports.
Students can choose from a variety of introductory courses.
Students can choose from a variety of living arrangements.
Students can choose from a variety of majors.
Students can choose from a variety of marketing courses.
Students can choose from a variety of programs depending upon their interests and career goals.
Students can choose from a variety of programs to suit their needs.
Students can choose from a variety of rooms.
Students can choose from a variety of sights and opportunities.
Students can choose from a variety of specialties to support their personal career objectives.
Students can choose from a varity of classes, such as Japanese language and video production.
Students can choose from a wealth of activities to learn key history-social science concepts.
Students can choose from a wide range of complementary units.
Students can choose from a wide range of interdisciplinary courses given in French.
Students can choose from a wide range of programs or design their own study abroad opportunity.
Students can choose from a wide range of science and technology courses.
Students can choose from a wide range of science courses.
Students can choose from a wide range of single, double and even larger apartment.
Students can choose from a wide variety of internship possibilities.
Students can choose from addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division.
Students can choose from an array of excavation strategies and take the interpretive consequences.
Students can choose from an extensive selection of extra-curricular activities and clubs.
Students can choose from an on screen palette that has basic shapes and colors.
Students can choose from atoms, astronomy, optics, and life sciences.
Students can choose from book boxes that are placed at their tables or class library selections.
Students can choose from courses delivered in a variety of electronic formats.
Students can choose from easy, medium or hard puzzles.
Students can choose from educational, social, or career programs.
Students can choose from English, western and beginning dressage instruction.
Students can choose from five activities to learn more about the scientists.
Students can choose from five design themes and can either work individually or in teams.
Students can choose from five different universities to in North Cyprus.
Students can choose from four geographic areas for their simulation.
Students can choose from French , Latin , Russian and Spanish .
Students can choose from French, German, Spanish, Russian, Japanese or Chinese.
Students can choose from full board or rented or shared flats and houses.
Students can choose from hundreds of electives beyond the core classes.
Students can choose from major, minor and blues categories.
Students can choose from morning classes, afternoon clases, or all day.
Students can choose from morning or evening sections.
Students can choose from one of several meal plans on campus.
Students can choose from one of the following activities for credit.
Students can choose from over seventy lower and upper division courses in a variety of disciplines.
Students can choose from over sixty courses each taught by a professional in their field. .
Students can choose from over sixty courses each taught by a professional in their field.
Students can choose from private or public schools in Canada.
Students can choose from several countries for their study abroad experience.
Students can choose from several established transportation program areas, or develop a new one.
Students can choose from several housing options.
Students can choose from several meal plans.
Students can choose from several options or propose to work at an agency of their choice.
Students can choose from several options.
Students can choose from several payment options.
Students can choose from several programs to practice for their SATs.
Students can choose from several selections at every meal.
Students can choose from several specialization options.
Students can choose from several tours in each part of the country.
Students can choose from six levels of instruction and progress at their own pace.
Students can choose from student residence, apartment style or studio-style residences.
Students can choose from the available options according to their field or fields of specialisation.
Students can choose from the following courses.
Students can choose from the list of books listed below.
Students can choose from the list of projects given or design their own.
Students can choose from the morning or afternoon session.
Students can choose from the one or two week format.
Students can choose from the part-time schedule listed below.
Students can choose from the recommended list below or by consent of adviser.
Students can choose from the recommended list or by consent of advisor.
Students can choose from three levels of difficulty before they play.
Students can choose from three purchase options each designed to meet specific needs.
Students can choose from three week long programs of study.
Students can choose from two campuses, and attend regularly scheduled classes of the university.
Students can choose from two degree options - thesis and nonthesis.
Students can choose from two different levels of difficulty.
Students can choose from two distinct programs of study.
Students can choose from two options when it comes to housing.
Students can choose from two sessions.
Students can choose from undergraduate and graduate degree programs as well as certificate programs.
Students can choose from urban, suburban or rural districts.
Students can choose from various meal plans and can stop in to study or get a drink.
Students can choose from water resources and pollution control, or a foreign language.
Students can choose from, literally, hundreds of categories.
Students can choose from.
Students can choose healthful alternatives such as yogurt and peanut butter.
Students can choose milk or juice to drink.
Students can choose modules for study related specifically to their practice.
Students can choose more more than five different lunch offerings daily.
Students can choose one entree plus two items from the fruit and vegetable bar.
Students can choose one foreign language from English, French or German.
Students can choose one of five options to complete the courses required for the minor.
Students can choose one of four weeks.
Students can choose one of the following options.
Students can choose one of two application deadlines.
Students can choose one of two first year courses.
Students can choose one of two sections that are appropriate to their language ability.
Students can choose one or both sessions.
Students can choose one or more dreams, along as it takes up three pages in their books.
Students can choose one or more dreams, along as it takesup three pages in their books.
Students can choose one woman to research and create visuals.
Students can choose only one area for major study.
Students can choose options from a broad variety of elective courses.
Students can choose options in emergency health, radiology, or forensics.
Students can choose placements in inner city, suburban, traditional, or innovative schools.
Students can choose practically anything they want.
Students can choose settings of their particular interests and needs.
Students can choose six workshops to complete their certification program.
Students can choose studio art or graphic design programs.
Students can choose the activities and levels of competitions that they desire.
Students can choose the activities they wish to participate in.
Students can choose the co-op rotation that best suits their scheduling needs.
Students can choose the discipline in which to develop their teaching portfolio.
Students can choose the format or formats which most easily facilitate their learning style.
Students can choose the fourth course from several options.
Students can choose the grammar point and the level of difficulty.
Students can choose the lease option that corresponds best with their living plans.
Students can choose the lessons they want to cover.
Students can choose the location to suit their circumstances and interests.
Students can choose the medium for their responses and project.
Students can choose the more technical end by studying software and data entry.
Students can choose the office from which they wish to receive academic and career counseling.
Students can choose the path to their futures at Mercy.
Students can choose the remaining seven courses from the selection below.
Students can choose the test-only option.
Students can choose the topic.
Students can choose the university that best fits their interests.
Students can choose their best work to include and justify it.
Students can choose their class on two afternoons each week.
Students can choose their electives to complete a sequence.
Students can choose their level and access information pertaining to specific subjects.
Students can choose their level of participation.
Students can choose their own focus of measure, their own quantity, and their own units.
Students can choose their own long-distance provider.
Students can choose their own topic to write story problems about and make a book of problems.
Students can choose their preferred option modules according to their interest and experience.
Students can choose their travel and study dates.
Students can choose time slots convenient to their schedule.
Students can choose to advocate for one of the above issues, or brainstorm one of their own.
Students can choose to attend all day courses or half days.
Students can choose to attend either individual modules or the entire package of four modules.
Students can choose to attend the program for either a semester or a full year.
Students can choose to come for a summer session, semester, year or longer.
Students can choose to concentrate in a number of different areas.
Students can choose to concentrate in either sociology or anthropology .
Students can choose to concentrate in life-span human development, child life, or families.
Students can choose to demonstrate a proficiency in another language.
Students can choose to develop a website instead of a paper.
Students can choose to do either a final paper or take home final exam.
Students can choose to do extra clinics if they wish.
Students can choose to do field or labwork.
Students can choose to do their research project in a variety of areas including statistics.
Students can choose to double major or to declare one or more minors.
Students can choose to dress-up in costume as a favorite book character and join in a parade.
Students can choose to earn an English major with an emphasis on creative writing.
Students can choose to eat inside or outside on the brick terrace.
Students can choose to either give a poster presentation or a stand-up symposium talk.
Students can choose to either stay on or off campus.
Students can choose to either stay on or oft campus.
Students can choose to enroll in classes on campus or off campus in a learning community.
Students can choose to focus on any area in their outside assignments, special projects, and papers.
Students can choose to focus on clinical, cognitive, or developmental psychology.
Students can choose to focus on the study of particular age groups or family dynamics in general.
Students can choose to form groups of up to four students to conduct class projects.
Students can choose to go on optional tours.
Students can choose to go to a school in another district if the parents agree to pay the school .
Students can choose to grant or refuse the request.
Students can choose to grow either an organic or a non-organic plot.
Students can choose to have meals included or they can choose to buy and prepare their own food.
Students can choose to join for six weeks.
Students can choose to keep a credential file on campus for submission to prospective employers.
Students can choose to lengthen their program by adding electives.
Students can choose to live alone with their host family in single occupancy housing.
Students can choose to live in dormitories on campus or in other accommodations off campus.
Students can choose to live in suites or apartments accommodating up to four students.
Students can choose to live in the dormitories or in private housing in Paris.
Students can choose to live on or off-campus.
Students can choose to live with one of our Canadian families in a homestay.
Students can choose to major either in pure mathematics or applied mathematics.
Students can choose to major in chemistry for the science component of the degree.
Students can choose to major or minor in political science within the college of liberal arts.
Students can choose to make interest payments or allow the interest to accumulate.
Students can choose to make six, twelve, or twenty-four blocks.
Students can choose to make uppers knee-high or shorter.
Students can choose to minor in any discipline to support their career goals or academic interests.
Students can choose to minor in Fine Art.
Students can choose to participate in after school activities such as instrumental or vocal music.
Students can choose to participate in many areas.
Students can choose to participate in research activities as early as their first academic year.
Students can choose to pay in full at registration.
Students can choose to pay the interest as it accrues, rather than capitalizing it.
Students can choose to pay the interest during their grace period.
Students can choose to pay the interest or allow it to accrue until repayment after graduation.
Students can choose to pay the interest while attending school or can allow the interest to accrue.
Students can choose to pay the interest while they are in school or allow it to accumulate.
Students can choose to practice in a variety of outpatient, community, home, and inpatient settings.
Students can choose to practise just one particular table or questions from any table.
Students can choose to prepare for careers in business, science or production.
Students can choose to purchase their airfare independently if necessary.
Students can choose to pursue the degree with or without a concentration.
Students can choose to read a book or a riddle, work on mazes or use an online coloring book.
Students can choose to read the texts and write their projects in French or English.
Students can choose to receive high school or college credit for the course.
Students can choose to replace one reading report with an oral presentation.
Students can choose to share a tent.
Students can choose to show a special talent to their class.
Students can choose to show images from the Web site that they think are relevant to their books.
Students can choose to specialise from a number of different areas.
Students can choose to specialize in two of the following areas, or complete courses from each area.
Students can choose to spend the second semester at either one of the three institutions.
Students can choose to stay for one or two terms.
Students can choose to stay in air-conditioned campus dorms or home stays.
Students can choose to stay on campus or find local housing.
Students can choose to stay one semester of one academic year at the campus of their choice.
Students can choose to structure analogically in terms of comparison or contrast.
Students can choose to structure logically in terms of sign or cause and effect.
Students can choose to structure sequentially in terms of time, space, or narrative.
Students can choose to structure topically in terms of classification.
Students can choose to study abroad for a summer, a semester, or an entire academic year.
Students can choose to study abroad in France, Spain, Russia, Greece, Italy, and Sweden.
Students can choose to study desktop media or professional imaging.
Students can choose to study full time or part time on campus or off campus.
Students can choose to study in Ireland for either the summer, semester, or academic year.
Students can choose to study in the spring semester, the summer session, or both.
Students can choose to subscribe to additional cable service.
Students can choose to take an outside minor, often statistics or business management.
Students can choose to take comprehensive exams or complete a thesis or seminar paper.
Students can choose to take either a semester or a full year of classes.
Students can choose to take either online or offline courses.
Students can choose to take four electives in one focus area or four electives across focus areas.
Students can choose to take individual courses or enroll as degree students.
Students can choose to take some statistics units with the mathematics units.
Students can choose to take the Cisco classes for college credit or for non-credit.
Students can choose to take the exam at any time over a four-day period.
Students can choose to type in the function rule in the B column or leave it blank.
Students can choose to use any lender .
Students can choose to volunteer in elementary or middle schools.
Students can choose to work at a variety of local agencies or synagogues.
Students can choose to work in one of ten stores.
Students can choose to work in pairs or small groups.
Students can choose to work individually on a hands-on project, or to work as pairs or trios.
Students can choose to work individually or in groups.
Students can choose to write a traditional research paper or a policy paper.
Students can choose topics to delve into deeper than normal.
Students can choose two of three introductory courses.
Students can choose up to two activities every nine weeks from multiple class offerings.
Students can choose up to two classes, including drama, Spanish, band, writing for movies, and more.
Students can choose what to see and do, and they have media to record and extend what they learn.
Students can choose whether to take the cruise alone or to go with one or two friends.
Students can choose which course best meets their needs.
Students can choose which medium to use, depending on the current study task.
Students can choose which one they d prefer to build.
Students can choose which options best meet their interests and schedule.
Students can choose which system to attend.
Students can circle the globe by clicking links to national and world newspapers.
Students can circulate freely around the table to examine the material closely.
Students can circulate resumes, network and learn about employment opportunities.
Students can cite our ideas, research our sources, and learn from our archetypal models.
Students can clap their hands or stomp their feet to a pattern.
Students can clarify and confirm their career goals through service.
Students can clarify or correct perceptions they have held.
Students can classify objects, persons, or places by size, color, etc.
Students can classify slippers into different categories, and create simple graphs.
Students can classify the trucks by the type of work they do.
Students can clean out their closets and help the needy with a clothes donation.
Students can clearly see that important aspects of community are manageable.
Students can click an organ to find out more about it.
Students can click any element and read comprehensive description of th element.
Students can click here for course information.
Students can click here for latest news and announcements.
Students can click here for more information.
Students can click here for tips on finding work.
Students can click on a desired book to find out who wrote it and link to other sites.
Students can click on a letter and participate in other activities.
Students can click on a map of the Atlantic Ocean and see the paddle wheel rotate faster or slower.
Students can click on a month to get a word problem to solve.
Students can click on a world map to learn which instruments originated in an area.
Students can click on any area of the three maps and receive confirmation of their answer.
Students can click on any element to retrieve more information.
Students can click on any given language and listen to the language spoken.
Students can click on any letter of the alphabet to find the term they want defined.
Students can click on any section to get more information about that area of digestion.
Students can click on bones book and get index to information on the different bones inside the hut.
Students can click on Hotspots within an image and move around to explore the environment.
Students can click on images in the opening graphic to learn about different animals.
Students can click on several beautiful illustrations to see in detail.
Students can click on terms to bring up additional information.
Students can click on the audio button to hear glossary words and Latin names pronounced.
Students can click on the continents to access more specific maps.
Students can click on the games they want to play, or search for a game by school subject.
Students can click on the hyperlink.
Students can click on the image of a particular facility to go there.
Students can click on the letters to see pictures that begin with that letter.
Students can click on the phone of their choice and read a description.
Students can click on the plot to verify that the mean is th ecenter of the curve.
Students can click on the slice book and have access to all the original slices of the frog dataset.
Students can click on unfamiliar terms to utilize a glossary.
Students can click on words to get definitions or hear pronunciations.
Students can click the above link and enter the requested information.
Students can click the hyperlinked names of other students in their course to view their Homepage.
Students can click the subject heading to link directly to that page.
Students can click their way to the topic they're interested in.
Students can click through the movie.
Students can click through the slide show or scroll down to read the class notes.
Students can click to see the definition, etymology, and relation to other characters.
Students can click to send mail to the course mailing list .
Students can clip a behavior from one page and insert it directly into another object.
Students can clip a new chapter out each week and paste onto the pages.
Students can collaborate on a presentation project.
Students can collaborate on design.
Students can collaborate on projects and send instantaneous messages to their teacher.
Students can collaborate on university-level research or discuss contemporary societal issues.
Students can collaborate or get faculty help with their work.
Students can collaborate with faculty members on a variety of projects and programs.
Students can collaborate with other students or classes can share projects.
Students can collaborate with peers and obtain input from mentors.
Students can collaborate with students in other classrooms with an online discussion board.
Students can collect and organize information while on a field trip.
Students can collect class data, construct scatter plots, and view for correlation.
Students can collect data and publish their results.
Students can collect data on other famous basketball players and determine their SLFs.
Students can collect empty inkjet cartridges from their printers at home.
Students can collect evidence of ideas brought to Hawaii.
Students can collect milk cartons, old pots, and a variety of containers.
Students can collect objects from home to use in classifying.
Students can collect soil temperatures all spring as their garden grows.
Students can collect their own terrestrial invertebrate specimens.
Students can collect writings, essays, poems, etc.
Students can color and cut out the pictures.
Students can color each crayon the appropriate color.
Students can color the game board and the bugs.
Students can color the map according to their interpretation of the aurora.
Students can color the map while they listen to the songs.
Students can color the pictures of the children wearing African clothing.
Students can color the steps in metamorphosis.
Students can combine a music major with other majors and minors, if so desired.
Students can combine an interest in living organisms with field studies.
Students can combine both aspects if they wish.
Students can combine class attendance with study by distance.
Students can combine courses to form a syllabus relevant to their interests.
Students can combine electronic and regular courses into their program to suit their needs.
Students can combine evening and weekend classes to best meet their own needs.
Students can combine ideas and concepts into a new whole.
Students can combine interests in other food commodity areas, if they wish.
Students can combine physics with philosophy, math with English, fine art with history.
Students can combine science with other disciplines by doing one of nine double degrees on offer.
Students can combine the study of mathematics with a second field by completing a dual major.
Students can combine visual and aural learning for the best retention and ease of learning.
Students can come and observe the workings of the traditional doctors for a maximum of two days.
Students can come and pick out quality books to buy, usually at reduced prices.
Students can come any time on weekdays or evenings to use the library.
Students can come back for review with the instructor.
Students can come 'browse', or actively chat with employers or graduate school representatives.
Students can come by and sign up to see an advisor during any available time.
Students can come for all or any part of the weekend.
Students can come for individual consultations and ask for some methodological guidance.
Students can come for one or two semesters.
Students can come for virtual office hours there.
Students can come here and outfit their entire home.
Students can come in and find refuge from the storms of everyday college pressure.
Students can come in and have an impact from day one. . . .
Students can come in and talk about their personal agendas.
Students can come in any costume.
Students can come in at lunch or after school to catch-up or work at home.
Students can come in at their leisure.
Students can come in before or after school, during their study hall or as part of a class.
Students can come in for myriad problems.
Students can come in for regular tutoring sessions or they can make appointments.
Students can come in in the morning to schedule an appointment for the day.
Students can come in when they can, do as much as they want.
Students can come once or as many times as they wish to develop their skills further.
Students can come talk, or just listen.
Students can come to all classes or once every two weeks, whenever they can make it.
Students can come to both events, or one event, but it is recommended that they come to both events.
Students can come to school at night and have dances, play indoor sports, and have refreshments.
Students can come to school late.
Students can come to the board and read the facts.
Students can come to the centers from states and countries away, and some do.
Students can come to the media center for book checkouts independently by using their library cards.
Students can come to worship and listen to speakers.
Students can come up with as many ideas as possible on a given topic.
Students can come up with great ideas when they examine a work of art.
Students can come up with more ideas.
Students can come up with their own rule.
Students can come up with their own sets of make believe data to exchange with partners.
Students can come with their own cases or observe a case in progress.
Students can commence studies in the winter or the summer term.
Students can commence the course at any time throughout the year.
Students can comment on other student's questions and consult the archives.
Students can comment on the news or they can download scripts that accompany news stories.
Students can commit themselves based on what time they have available, and there is no minimum.
Students can communicate at their convenience.
Students can communicate by using their voices or written words.
Students can communicate directly with other students or experts around the world.
Students can communicate effectively about mathematics.
Students can communicate effectively using various oral and written methods.
Students can communicate effectively using various technologies.
Students can communicate electronically with each other and with the faculty.
Students can communicate in a clear and rigorous style.
Students can communicate regularly with their instructors by telephone, fax, U.S. mail, and e-mail.
Students can communicate through art.
Students can communicate throughout the school and around the world.
Students can communicate throughout the year for admission.
Students can communicate via email, discussion boards and real-time chat rooms.
Students can communicate with advisors by email, telephone, or regular mail.
Students can communicate with anyone who has valid Internet e-mail address.
Students can communicate with each other and the instructor by email and chat.
Students can communicate with each other and the professor in real time using Chat.
Students can communicate with each other and their professor between class meetings.
Students can communicate with each other by e-mail as they work on the task.
Students can communicate with each other through a discussion board.
Students can communicate with faculty members and clinical agencies using the computer network.
Students can communicate with instructors and each other using message boards and email.
Students can communicate with one another directly using personal email addresses .
Students can communicate with one another through the site's topic specific bulletin boards.
Students can communicate with one another to promote collaborative learning.
Students can communicate with one another via electronic mail or live chat rooms.
Students can communicate with peers in classes, and across a course.
Students can communicate with penpals from around the world.
Students can communicate with the instructor and the other students anytime by e-mail.
Students can communicate with the instructor and the other students anytime through e-mail.
Students can communicate with the instructors by using the telephone and e-mail.
Students can communicate with the mentors by telephone or correspondence.
Students can communicate with their advisor regularly by phone, mail, or email.
Students can communicate with their professors with great ease via blitzmail.
Students can compare a gymnast s skills with the skills of a diver.
Students can compare and contrast a work from the course and a work they have read independently.
Students can compare and contrast specific aspects of their impressions of the productions.
Students can compare and contrast the buildings, open spaces, transportation, population sizes, etc.
Students can compare and contrast the population of each colony during given years, using a chart.
Students can compare and contrast the prices and pieces of equipment widely used in the game.
Students can compare answers and share ideas.
Students can compare bugs found in different parts of Oakland.
Students can compare building sizes, styles, and types to buildings in present day Philadelphia.
Students can compare Chernobyl with the accident at Three Mile Island.
Students can compare current trends and concerns about health, diseases, and public safety.
Students can compare differences between their heights and the lengths of their shadows.
Students can compare different brands and different spf's.
Students can compare different coffee brews for caffeine content.
Students can compare english school prices, courses, and locations.
Students can compare forecasts for different cities by entering a zip code or city and state.
Students can compare how they feel about snakes with the way people in other cultures feel.
Students can compare lessons, themes, or story elements with class reading materials.
Students can compare maps with others in their class, or even compare it to the teachers master map.
Students can compare media coverage locally, nationally and globally.
Students can compare notes, filling in the information missing on their own lists.
Students can compare occupations as well as link to relevant websites related to each career.
Students can compare or forecast the weather.
Students can compare schools based on tuition, population, class size, location and other factors.
Students can compare size and weight of matter or compare attributes such as color, size or shape.
Students can compare tables and graphs.
Students can compare the battery life of several new brands of batteries.
Students can compare the batting averages of their favorite players.
Students can compare the biology of different live animals.
Students can compare the calculator results to their own predicted equation.
Students can compare the cards here to modern baseball cards, as well.
Students can compare the color changes seen in the segment to their own results from the activity.
Students can compare the festivals to the festivals that they celebrate.
Students can compare the Mayan calendar to their own to understand how people organize time.
Students can compare the population of each country discussed in the book and graph the results.
Students can compare the soil samples from around the country and the globe.
Students can compare the three stories of emerging nationhood.
Students can compare the two towers and explain how the two patterns relate to each other.
Students can compare the type of appliances they have to the amount of energy they use.
Students can compare the wonders of that age to the present.
Students can compare their analyses with the conclusions of other researchers.
Students can compare their backgrounds.
Students can compare their findings with similar depictions in the art of other traditions.
Students can compare their individual effort with the other members in the group.
Students can compare their plotted map to the flyways.
Students can compare their predictions.
Students can compare their pronounciation with that of native speakers speakers.
Students can compare their reading practices and reactions online vs. print.
Students can compare their recording to that of a native speaker.
Students can compare their results with the normative data available.
Students can compare two populations when the samples are dependent.
Students can compare weather forecasts and make predictions of changes.
Students can compare weather forecasts with our weather.
Students can compete against each other or computer-controlled opponents to eat the right answers.
Students can compete against others in Write-Off categories.
Students can compete as individuals or as teams.
Students can compete by posting their high score.
Students can compete for academic and talent based scholarships.
Students can compete in a variety of tournaments that are held throughout the year.
Students can compete in debate if declared debate ready.
Students can compete in individual events if declared individual event ready.
Students can compete in many categories, and competitions extend all the way to the state level.
Students can compete in science fairs, field trips and other events.
Students can compete in several divisions or just present a solo.
Students can compete up to four times, and are encouraged to begin as freshmen.
Students can compile a song book of original lyrics related to any historical topic or era.
Students can compile Japanese recipes from several cookbooks to make a class cookbook.
Students can compile written notes from the chapter.
Students can complete a character web.
Students can complete a color sheet using correct colors showing the life cycle.
Students can complete a course at times convenient to their schedule.
Students can complete a course before the end of a semester, if desired.
Students can complete a degree without leaving their family, church, or work.
Students can complete a major or minor in mathematics.
Students can complete a number of programs without leaving home.
Students can complete a one-year course in one semester.
Students can complete a quiz at the end of the session to test their knowledge.
Students can complete a registration form on-line and pay for the course at the same time.
Students can complete a second lab, supervised research, or an internship.
Students can complete a trial schedule on line and e-mail it to their advisor.
Students can complete a variety of degrees, certificates and diplomas entirely at a distance.
Students can complete additional course work to receive certification.
Students can complete all administrative details at the center, which is staffed full time.
Students can complete all of the passages or whatever portion has been assigned.
Students can complete all requirements for both degrees within six semesters of full-time study.
Students can complete all requirements for the degree without going to the campus.
Students can complete an activity on the web by following a set of procedures to complete the task.
Students can complete an entire certificate program, or take only the classes they choose.
Students can complete an entire year of language instruction in the eight-week intensive session.
Students can complete an evaluation at any time.
Students can complete as many or as few of the units of study as suits their individual needs.
Students can complete assignments during their most productive times.
Students can complete assignments online, taking advantage of materials stored in the mediabase.
Students can complete both programs in five years of full-time study.
Students can complete both programs in four years of full-time study.
Students can complete both the associate's and bachelor's degrees without leaving the Chicago area.
Students can complete clinical requirements in their own community.
Students can complete course requirements at their own pace.
Students can complete course work without traveling to class.
Students can complete courses for standard certification on a weekend format.
Students can complete courses on an accelerated basis.
Students can complete coursework from their own home via the web, video, or correspondence.
Students can complete credit courses in four different sessions.
Students can complete critical thinking exercises and problem solving.
Students can complete degrees by taking classes from home or work with very few trips to campus.
Students can complete each level in a single semester.
Students can complete internships in local hotels to supplement their coursework.
Students can complete learning activities online .
Students can complete lessons and activities.
Students can complete lessons and test their knowledge at their own pace.
Students can complete lessons while looking to Argyll for advice and assistance with their work.
Students can complete many assignments on computer in one of the campus' several computer labs.
Students can complete most coursework at home.
Students can complete much of their library research from their own computers in their living space.
Students can complete one class each quarter for a maximum of four credits in an academic year.
Students can complete remaining courses during summer, intersession or regular semesters.
Students can complete six classes meeting the needs of local employers in nine weeks.
Students can complete six credits per term.
Students can complete the activities on the site and receive a certificate of completion.
Students can complete the application on the web and print out before hitting send button.
Students can complete the basic program in one year.
Students can complete the certificate in one calendar year.
Students can complete the certificate program in one year.
Students can complete the certificate program through four terms of full-time coursework.
Students can complete the certificate requirements in four semesters or work at their own pace.
Students can complete the chart in a whole group, or independently and share with the group.
Students can complete the core requirements in one academic year if they follow the sequence.
Students can complete the course either on campus or on-line from anywhere in the country.
Students can complete the course in as little as one or two weeks.
Students can complete the course with one year's full time study.
Students can complete the course work in as little as two semesters, or as long as eight semesters.
Students can complete the degree at work without having to come to campus.
Students can complete the degree course requirements in two semesters.
Students can complete the derivation as an exercise.
Students can complete the entire enrollment process prior to their high school graduation.
Students can complete the exercise in a variety of ways.
Students can complete the following programs in four years of full-time study.
Students can complete the full course of study within two years.
Students can complete the general education requirements as they appear in the catalog.
Students can complete the general management degree option in two years, including summers.
Students can complete the internship without it interfering with their current employment.
Students can complete the order forms and then a.
Students can complete the part-time program in either three or four years.
Students can complete the placement testing in a resonable amount of time.
Students can complete the program at their own pace and in their own time, outside working hours.
Students can complete the program full or part time.
Students can complete the program in about two years of part-time evening study.
Students can complete the program in five semesters.
Students can complete the program in five to eight academic semesters.
Students can complete the program in four years, taking elective courses during two summer terms.
Students can complete the program in three to four years.
Students can complete the program in two semesters.
Students can complete the program in two years.
Students can complete the program within three years.
Students can complete the program, including practice teaching, in eight semesters.
Students can complete the programme in two years or up to five years.
Students can complete the registration process on-line.
Students can complete the requirements for a high school diploma through the program.
Students can complete the requirements within two years while working full-time.
Students can complete the resume form via the web page also.
Students can complete the tasks on the Assessment Page .
Students can complete the worksheet individually or in pairs.
Students can complete their activity sheets during the week.
Students can complete their application online.
Students can complete their bachelor's and master's degrees in convenient evening classes.
Students can complete their counseling anytime, anywhere.
Students can complete their course of study in less than three years.
Students can complete their degree requirements on-site.
Students can complete their degree work on campus or through distance learning.
Students can complete their field of study in under a year for most programs.
Students can complete their maps only by sharing the information with their partners.
Students can complete their pre-veterinary medicine requirements in several majors.
Students can complete their theory co-requisites, unfettered by other academic pursuits.
Students can complete transactions without staff assistance freeing up staff for other tasks.
Students can complete two night courses per semester.
Students can complete up to eight credits in each summer session.
Students can complete up to four courses towards their degree.
Students can complete up to one year of college while in high school.
Students can compose and notate simple melodies using conventional music notation.
Students can compose in other languages unencumbered by the limitations of the technology.
Students can compose their own melodies or change the words of standards.
Students can compute derivatives and integrals using on line technology.
Students can concentrate in composition, performance, literature, or technology.
Students can concentrate on acting, directing, or playwriting.
Students can concentrate on any area of the world or on issues of global significance.
Students can concentrate on core methodologies or on an appropriate focus of their choice.
Students can concentrate on either or can minor in one while majoring in some other discipline.
Students can concentrate on one course at a time and still complete their degree within three years.
Students can concentrate on one field, or explore widely among many disciplines.
Students can concentrate on the content of the class more, and they also can work independently.
Students can concentrate on the effects of acceleration on their bodies while collecting data.
Students can concentrate their studies in any one of a variety of areas or a combination of areas.
Students can concurrently earn both degrees.
Students can conduct a keyword search to look for a particular quote.
Students can conduct a search by geographic region, graduate school, career field, or employer.
Students can conduct controls lab experiments from remote sites.
Students can conduct informational interview for the career of their choice.
Students can conduct interviews of each other.
Students can conduct interviews with family members, community elders or business leaders.
Students can conduct laboratory rotations with faculty mentors in any of the participating programs.
Students can conduct online searches under topics or names.
Students can conduct research and connect with professionals in a field of interest.
Students can conduct research and perform course work in more than one field.
Students can conduct research in experimental or theoretical subatomic physics.
Students can conduct research on any topic without needing to go to the library.
Students can conduct research to answer questions, develop hypotheses, and evaluate situations.
Students can conduct searches for alumni by major and career area.
Students can conduct their interviews in a variety of ways.
Students can conduct their own spectral analysis of the gases used in street lamps.
Students can conduct their research using CD-ROMs, the Internet and other useful multimedia sources.
Students can conduct their research using the most up to date technology available.
Students can conduct web research during class to supplement the day s discussion.
Students can confer in small groups and then report to the whole class.
Students can confer in small groups in person.
Students can confidentially schedule appointments, and leave messages to the author.
Students can confront the offender directly, or talk to the resident assistant or hall director.
Students can connect from anywhere in the world at any time.
Students can connect in hallways, the cafeteria, and the library as well as in class.
Students can connect into a worldwide community of learners.
Students can connect their current experience in the context of the curriculum.
Students can connect their experimental results to the larger region.
Students can connect their personal laptops to the projector to show the results of their projects.
Students can connect to a tutor immediately or schedule an appointment.
Students can connect to the conference room at any time and contribute their ideas.
Students can connect to the information superhighway and tap learning resources around the world.
Students can connect to the network from just about anywhere on campus.
Students can connect with other classrooms in an email exchange.
Students can connect with their teachers through email connections on the site.
Students can consider research options as early as the sophomore year.
Students can consider the background of the issue before making up their own minds.
Students can construct a chart to record the types of gases, mean temperature, and mean pressure.
Students can construct a model of a colonial farm, using various types of materials.
Students can construct knowledge by investigation.
Students can construct their own arguments for discussion or publication in student newspapers.
Students can construct their own learning activities.
Students can consult experts through access to email and web sites like Ask a Scientist .
Students can consult numerous guidebooks and CD-ROM databases that are updated on yearly basis.
Students can consult the department brochure or flyer for details on faculty research.
Students can consult with experienced counselors.
Students can consult with our staff any time, even after the course term is completed.
Students can consult with their mentor regarding professional development as a geographer.
Students can contact a financial aid counselor at the offices below for more information.
Students can contact organizations relating to their field of study.
Students can contact that school and ask about that data point.
Students can contact the admissions office to arrange a pre-application interview.
Students can contact the center directly for a variety of counseling services.
Students can contact the department's office for more details.
Students can contact the employer directly to apply for job openings.
Students can contact the Helpdesk to ask for help identifying their usernames.
Students can contact the instructor during the semester by phone or possibly by email.
Students can contact the ombudsman by phone, post or e-mail.
Students can contact the reference desk for individual or group orientations.
Students can contact the team by letter, telephone, minicom, fax or e-mail.
Students can contact their faculty adviser for assistance with course selections.
Students can contact their faculty in person during office hours or by appointment.
Students can contact their local support provider.
Students can contact their professors and teaching assistants via electronic-mail.
Students can contact their respective colleges to see what sort of transportation is available.
Students can continually update and manage their sites.
Students can continue accessing their favorite online applications.
Students can continue each of the courses from the basic to the upper levels.
Students can continue from the above to use maps.
Students can continue in the course only with the signed consent of a faculty advisor.
Students can continue map-making to show how Mound City was planned to develop.
Students can continue ROTC in college, as well.
Students can continue the same exercise, or the teacher can pick a new exercise.
Students can continue their discussions with their peers in other locations using the Internet.
Students can continue their high school education.
Students can continue to access the material until they are examined on it.
Students can continue to enroll in courses with a service learning component.
Students can continue to fill out the form throughout the summer.
Students can continue to retake the GQE when it is offered to other students each fall and spring.
Students can continue to see incoming video.
Students can continue to sit anywhere within the sections held for students.
Students can continue to use their existing phones.
Students can continue to work on their project during the faculty sponsor's absence.
Students can continue to work together until the end of class.
Students can continue to zoom in until the smallest part of the cell is displayed and described.
Students can continue work in their classrooms on their classroom computers.
Students can contract for a grade of A, B, or C at the beginning of the quarter.
Students can contribute as much or a little as they desire.
Students can contribute counters to bowls to vote.
Students can contribute their papers to the database.
Students can contribute their personal reflections, music, poetry, and films.
Students can contribute their recommendations and ideas on books.
Students can contribute to real world research by posting their own work to the web.
Students can contribute to the assessment process in a wide variety of ways.
Students can contribute to the site.
Students can control all three variables to see what happens.
Students can control birth rates, mortality rates and neonatal survival.
Students can control program.
Students can control six aspects of the column's operation.
Students can control the angles and the velocities of each cannon.
Students can control the room temperature by using the individual controls in their room.
Students can control the speed and direction of their tour by moving the mouse.
Students can control the speed of the demonstrations provided by the talking tutor.
Students can control the transfer kinetics between any two compartments.
Students can conveniently purchase all the necessary supplies for their classes.
Students can convert the measurements to metrics.
Students can cook in the wing lounges also - macaroni and cheese, microwaveable meals, soups, etc.
Students can cook in their apartment to save money.
Students can cook their own food in the kitchen on the ground floor.
Students can cook their own meals in shared kitchen facilities.
Students can cope with being lost for a few minutes.
Students can copy and paste Japanese text from the story into an online dictionary.
Students can copy chunks of text to a word processor for printing.
Students can copy it and fill in additional statements as the teacher talks.
Students can copy most information from a U.S. government site without permission.
Students can copy 'n' paste within the file or to other files.
Students can copy only material for which they have permission.
Students can copy the class activities and homework from the posted classroom calendar.
Students can copy the lecture notes that are nontransferrable.
Students can copy the location onto their own sheets when they come to class.
Students can copy, paste and drag information to reorganize and refine the draft.
Students can correctly attach and detach the components of a computer.
Students can correctly compute the mean, median, and standard deviation of a data set.
Students can correspond by U.S. mail or by e-mail.
Students can correspond directly with the course instructor via the Internet.
Students can correspond with the astronauts via e-mail.
Students can count on being able to find any teacher at that time each day if extra help is needed.
Students can count on teachers to listen to their side of the story and be fair.
Students can count one of the above cognate courses towards a math minor.
Students can count out sets onto a card with the number written and brailled on it.
Students can count the number of beans in a cup of beans.
Students can couple a minor in chemistry with a major in other fields.
Students can cover material in a relaxed atmosphere that is conducive to learning.
Students can cover the structure location key and test themselves on their knowledge of each image.
Students can create a book cover for a library book that needs a face-lift.
Students can create a chart of ideas brought to Hawaii.
Students can create a chart of the benefits and consequences of tourism in space.
Students can create a class dictionary of physical features.
Students can create a classroom dictionary based on current unit study.
Students can create a codex based on their myth.
Students can create a coloring book of patterns they observed when examining the crystals they made.
Students can create a complete multimedia presentation in two hours.
Students can create a custom valentine page and then view it on the internet.
Students can create a daily schedule that matches their own interests and talents.
Students can create a food chain one card at a time.
Students can create a graph of the data to display the results.
Students can create a hypermedia slideshow about the selected states.
Students can create a hypothetical schedule while they consider different options.
Students can create a Jeopardy game to quiz each other on the information.
Students can create a mathematics major with an option in computer science or statistics.
Students can create a multimedia presentation.
Students can create a multiple choice quiz to be used in class.
Students can create a mural of the tale.
Students can create a mural using their holiday colors, symbols, foods, etc.
Students can create a mural with the images.
Students can create a neighborbood then drive through it.
Students can create a new rule and play the game with a partner.
Students can create a personal base of information to be used in future job searches.
Students can create a pictograph of the states population.
Students can create a portrait of a creature and write a description it.
Students can create a poster or chart that show the elements of fiction found in Number the Stars.
Students can create a poster, brochure, or multimedia presentation for their shopping spree.
Students can create a profile and get listed for free.
Students can create a project in the key of 'A' and then experiment with changing key.
Students can create a sarcophagus for their mummy.
Students can create a signature and nickname in an e-mail program.
Students can create a simple map to show the movement of a story's plot in geographical terms.
Students can create a slide show about a dog.
Students can create a storyboard by using index cards or by drawing boxes on a piece of paper.
Students can create a table of contents, staple, and photocopy all the poems together.
Students can create a telefield trip site or visit a site that was prepared by someone else.
Students can create a three-dimensional boat.
Students can create a unique program that reflects their career interests or graduate school goals.
Students can create a venn diagram comparing and contrasting the different tales.
Students can create a video book report, using their favorite character as the narrator.
Students can create a virtual athlete by determining what makes an athlete great.
Students can create a web page using whatever technique or program they desire.
Students can create additional search questions to find further specified data within the database.
Students can create an alphabet book .
Students can create an interface and keep track of their scores as they go along.
Students can create and animate stories and follow a field guide in English, French, or Spanish.
Students can create and choose different wall and floor coverings, ceiling types, and sign formats.
Students can create and merge files without having to swap disks, which makes collaboration easier.
Students can create and print an individual chronological r sum using the integrated r sum builder.
Students can create and print maps of their own neighborhoods or create imaginary cities.
Students can create and reply to topics and sub-topics, setting up various discussion threads.
Students can create and send electronic cards and play fun games.
Students can create and use a rubric.
Students can create arrays for their partner using the activity sheets.
Students can create artwork either at their desks or at the computer.
Students can create artwork that illustrates facts they have learned from informational reading.
Students can create books with text, pictures, music, and their recorded voices.
Students can create cards with pictures, text, sound, buttons that link to other cards, etc.
Students can create categories to calculate, noting how many students are certain ages for example.
Students can create characters based on what they know about people of the period in general.
Students can create charts illustrating the number of calves counted for several years.
Students can create complex sentences and use vocabulary efficiently.
Students can create diaries including four daily journal entries from each season.
Students can create diologues of boasting.
Students can create drawings or write paragraphs or poems describing a perfect beach.
Students can create either an essay or a poster addressing the contest theme.
Students can create fake money, cards, and other resources for players to collect.
Students can create fun drills for learning.
Students can create graphics to accompany accepted articles.
Students can create graphs that show salaries of high-paid actors and the majority of actors.
Students can create graphs to show how the town's population has changed over the decades.
Students can create health education programs.
Students can create home pages at no cost while enrolled.
Students can create informational posters or make other presentations for the class.
Students can create library pages for themselves or their friends.
Students can create links to related scholarly works on the internet.
Students can create links to web pages that they create and maintain themselves.
Students can create magazine advertisements or videotape commercials to market their games.
Students can create markers in art class, while seedlings are germinating indoors.
Students can create memory gift baskets for a family member or friend.
Students can create most of the types of projects listed above.
Students can create mountain ranges in the crust.
Students can create or update sites, develop scripts or provide individual support.
Students can create own slide shows.
Students can create pages related to a particular course.
Students can create perspective art discovering other angles.
Students can create pictographs, line, circle and bar graphs, and box and whisker graphs.
Students can create poetry and stories using the word wall words.
Students can create posters, canvas the neighborhood for donations, etc.
Students can create presentations using their own recorded images.
Students can create projects with text, pictures, film, and sound.
Students can create quality multimedia projects without computers.
Students can create real-time experiments and teachers can build course homepages.
Students can create relationships with other students and the wonderful psychology teachers.
Students can create resumes on-line and businesses can post jobs.
Students can create riddles about their state.
Students can create several versions quickly and choose the best one.
Students can create silhouettes of a friend in their classroom.
Students can create simple acrostic poems about their favorite critters.
Students can create small model Chumash homes with tule and straws.
Students can create small rafters that span a short distance.
Students can create South African travel brochures featuring some of the main tourist sites.
Students can create spreadsheets to graph and interpret their results.
Students can create spreadsheets, charts, graphs etc. comparing and contrasting the different areas.
Students can create stacks, too.
Students can create the images for the frames without using a paint program.
Students can create their own board game, after defining the five game attributes.
Students can create their own colorful banners and buttons for clubs, organizations or just for fun.
Students can create their own compositions on the doodle page.
Students can create their own designs on computer and then print out the final copies.
Students can create their own electronic pet book to post on the net.
Students can create their own exhibition panels including descriptive text and graphics.
Students can create their own flashcards.
Students can create their own glossary from the vocabulary introduced.
Students can create their own journal using information from the program.
Students can create their own journal with illustrations.
Students can create their own magazine cover.
Students can create their own math tests, too.
Students can create their own mini-documentaries.
Students can create their own newsletter and research their topics in the library media center.
Students can create their own personal web page on the campus web server.
Students can create their own poster from the prompt of their choice.
Students can create their own posters.
Students can create their own presentations using the same multimedia elements.
Students can create their own research from what they gain in the program.
Students can create their own set of Web booklets as resources for their individual projects.
Students can create their own stories, based on the existing illustrations.
Students can create their own tags.
Students can create their own theme anthologies and include original work and poems by others.
Students can create their own theories about which years seem most common, and why.
Students can create their own three dimensional map of the United States near the end of the unit.
Students can create their own version of an immigrant coming to Hawaii.
Students can create their own version of the classics online.
Students can create their own word lists based on their free reading exercises.
Students can create their programs using a graphical environment.
Students can create travel brochures of their family's homeland.
Students can create unique works of art here.
Students can create web links to build their own collection of learning tools.
Students can create works that show how their ideas relate to the medium, techniques, and processes.
Students can critique artistic performances without fear of being sued.
Students can critique epistemological assumptions of multiple research paradigms.
Students can critique the vocabulary selections of their peers.
Students can currently access grade reports for each semester they have completed.
Students can currently combine courses from both areas for a customized degree.
Students can currently study in China, France, the Netherlands and Belgium, and England.
Students can custom-design their majors, focusing on courses in the areas of their interest.
Students can customise their program to meet personal learning needs or workplace requirements.
Students can customize the look of their work with colors and style setting.
Students can customize their academic programs by choosing courses from a wide array of options.
Students can customize their desktop and applications as they see fit.
Students can customize their lessons by focusing on certain areas of the keyboard.
Students can customize their searches just by entering key words.
Students can customize their study based on their interests and career goals.
Students can cut and paste citations into their own writings.
Students can cut and paste the text to create books to read to their parents.
Students can cut corners by shopping at discount stores or thrift stores for bargains.
Students can cut expenses by doing some relatively simple things, as shown above.
Students can cut one of the drums into pieces and try to fit the pieces onto the other drum.
Students can cut out a picture of a plant from a magazine and label the different parts.
Students can cut out their own profiles.
Students can cut pictures from magazines that show people using medicines.
Students can cut pieces of yarn and attach the postcard to the country it is from.
Students can cut sandpaper to fit the gutter and use masking tape to hold it in place.
Students can cut, fold, and staple the pages to create take-home books to share with family members.
Students can d esign and individualize their own passports.
Students can debate a current issue in a foreign language.
Students can debate the issue.
Students can decide how and when their resume is reviewed.
Students can decide how much or how little to spend for food in residence hall dining facilities.
Students can decide how they wish to pursue interdisciplinary interests.
Students can decide how to present their information.
Students can decide the area of investigation, and the path that leads to the answers.
Students can decide to integrate the two papers into a single paper covering the course as a whole.
Students can decide to specialize in one area or both.
Students can decide to study for one, two or three months.
Students can decide whether they prefer to live with a family, in a student dorm, or an apartment.
Students can decide which version they prefer and give reasons for their choices.
Students can declare a major in one of two ways.
Students can declare pre social work as an academic major in two ways.
Students can declare their intent to major during the first two weeks of any academic term.
Students can declare their majors in the college records office.
Students can decline any part of the package if they choose.
Students can decline travel opportunities if they wish.
Students can decorate flashlight any way they choose.
Students can decorate papers with illustrations, stickers, frames, etc.
Students can decorate papers with illustratrations, stickers, frames, etc.
Students can decorate the booklets as they wish.
Students can decorate the cover page using their photo and a title.
Students can decorate the masks to depict the faces of the story characters.
Students can decorate the sticks or glue a few together to make different designs.
Students can decorate their bank with colored paper, glue, markers and crayons.
Students can decorate their maps with drawings, pieces of cloth, or miniat ure models.
Students can decorate their tube as they wish.
Students can decrease their interest charges by increasing their monthly payments.
Students can deduce how the imperative tense is formed by looking at the examples.
Students can deduct the interest portion of their student loan payments from their income taxes.
Students can deduct tuition fees and education credits.
Students can deepen their knowledge by taking courses in other programs.
Students can deepen their understanding of other cultures through study abroad .
Students can defer interest payments until after graduation or dropping below half-time.
Students can defer interest while enrolled until graduation.
Students can defer principal payments while in school.
Students can defer their start date for as long as they wish.
Students can defer tuition payment.
Students can define and defend a position on a controversial issue in the format of an editorial.
Students can define and defend a position on an issue in a letter written to someone in authority.
Students can define and explain terms such as vocal technique, blend, balance, and tone.
Students can define environmental factors such as water, land, mountains, malaria, etc.
Students can define longitude and latitude.
Students can define models composed of three-dimensional beam elements.
Students can define models composed of two dimensional truss elements.
Students can define the initial position, direction, and speed of both people.
Students can define the location criteria, and analyze the region to determine the best location.
Students can define their roles and work in mixed age, style, and ability groups.
Students can define, recognize, and understand concepts related to functions.
Students can definitely contribute art and education talent depending on what their interests are.
Students can delete credit by examination at any point prior to graduation.
Students can delve and discover American Indian myths and beliefs about astronomy.
Students can delve into the process of DNA profiling.
Students can demonstrate an aptitude for teamwork in a variety of settings.
Students can demonstrate an explicit understanding of principles of critical thought.
Students can demonstrate an explicit understanding of the principles of critical thought.
Students can demonstrate communication skills within the discipline of psychology.
Students can demonstrate competence in one of several ways.
Students can demonstrate competence in other ways.
Students can demonstrate explicit knowledge of many world cultures, their development and origin.
Students can demonstrate knowledge and appreciation of basic concepts and theories in psychology.
Students can demonstrate research skill.
Students can demonstrate research skills in psychology.
Students can demonstrate satisfaction of the above goals by completing the following activities.
Students can demonstrate the ability to function as an integral member of a multi-disciplinary team.
Students can demonstrate the quiet voice and the loud voice.
Students can demonstrate their awareness through their involvement in class, lab, and field studies.
Students can demonstrate their knowledge of organisms in oral and written reports and tests.
Students can demonstrate their understanding while participating in enjoyable activities.
Students can depend on their teachers for expertise in their subject areas.
Students can describe a concept but have a limited understanding of it.
Students can describe basic cause and effect relationships in the learning process.
Students can describe in written and oral form any of the concepts implied in the above objectives.
Students can describe the importance of health and wellness in their lives.
Students can describe the uses of information technology outside of the school setting.
Students can describe, extend, analyze, and create a wide variety of patterns.
Students can design a bulletin board showing the relationship of school subjects and occupations.
Students can design a button that encourages people to help save the rain forests.
Students can design a microrover or build a robot arm from wooden craft sticks.
Students can design a plan of study to complement their major.
Students can design a poster from scratch or redesign an existing poster or flyer.
Students can design a project on their own or find an internship with other organizations.
Students can design a river by building a sloping hill out of damp sand, pebbles and mud.
Students can design a situation to fit a given set of related number pairs.
Students can design a trip to one of the planets but they have to do their research first.
Students can design active linear circuits to implement a desired transfer function.
Students can design activities to see if they can compare to some of the top animal athletes.
Students can design an experiment to measure the distance turned after applying a wind stimulus.
Students can design an experiment to test other sensory receptors of the cockroach.
Students can design an experiment to test other types of stimuli on the cerci.
Students can design an experiment with proper controls.
Students can design and build simple machines, vehicles, bridges, and nearly anything else.
Students can design and conduct experiments and demonstrations to back up their explanations.
Students can design and print their own snowflakes.
Students can design another recording system for reporting their results.
Students can design highly individualized programs.
Students can design new clocks and calendars.
Students can design posters, collages, games, puzzles - individually or in pairs.
Students can design slipper key chains, using fun foam, and embellish with paint and accessories.
Students can design structures or creatures built out of Legos that are programmed to do things.
Students can design the tests and do the tests.
Students can design their course schedule to fit their busy lives.
Students can design their ideas in class, testing their accuracy with protractors.
Students can design their instrument at home or bring their materials into school.
Students can design their own class discipline forms.
Students can design their own coaster.
Students can design their own community, with streets and services.
Students can design their own course in consultation with the director of the program.
Students can design their own educational paths.
Students can design their own full-size shawl in the longer class.
Students can design their own majors, engage in independent study and internships, and study abroad.
Students can design their own programs by selecting from our many classes and camps.
Students can design their own programs of study, in collaboration with their advisors.
Students can design their posters, spend time on how they look and express their ideas graphically.
Students can design various boats to find which float best and carry the most cargo.
Students can design, build, and customize any city imaginable.
Students can design, synthesize, and test new bioconjugates of cancer drugs.
Students can determine how much of their information others can view.
Students can determine if they wish to further their education in art history or curatorial studies.
Students can determine the approximate pH of each unknown solution with indicators.
Students can determine the average daily growth rate of their caterpillars.
Students can determine the difference between a rock and a fossil.
Students can determine the forces acting in frames and machines.
Students can determine the median and the range of the rainfall for the year.
Students can determine the moment of a couple.
Students can determine the moment of inertia of an area.
Students can determine the percent of substances that are within the acceptable range.
Students can determine the radius of gyration of an area.
Students can determine the radius, diameter and circumference of the opening of the balloon.
Students can determine the support reactions of beams supporting distributed loads.
Students can determine their own hours of attendance.
Students can determine when and where they study.
Students can determine whether summer employment in the lab is an option.
Students can determine which country has the better value for the dollar.
Students can develop a creative story based on the character traits from the list.
Students can develop a list of common mistakes.
Students can develop a map showing various places of interest for the other Hawaiian Islands.
Students can develop a personalized study plan with their academic adviser.
Students can develop a portfolio of work needed to apply to art colleges.
Students can develop a presentation to the class or a report of their findings.
Students can develop a program of business to meet their individual requirements.
Students can develop a responsible role and make a contribution in a democratic society.
Students can develop a specialized program of study that meets their individual objectives.
Students can develop a substantial portfolio that can be presented as a college credential.
Students can develop alternative methods of power sources.
Students can develop an academic strategy to spend a semester studying abroad.
Students can develop an awareness of sexual roles and variations in sexual behavior.
Students can develop an individualized program to further career goals.
Students can develop an understanding and respect for individual differences.
Students can develop and implement a simple plan.
Students can develop at least basic familiarity with the program in less than two hours.
Students can develop better public understanding and appreciation of the financial industry.
Students can develop deeper understandings in math by writing about what they are learning.
Students can develop English language skills to pursue academic, career or personal goals.
Students can develop English language skills to pursue further acedemic, career or personal goals.
Students can develop expertise as specialists or generalists within curriculum theory and practice.
Students can develop higher level thinking skills by learning to create and design web pages.
Students can develop job entry skills in accounting and secretarial sciences.
Students can develop leadership qualities, communication skills and general work responsibilities.
Students can develop leadership skills through community activities and organizations.
Students can develop oral language skills by reading their legends orally to the class.
Students can develop picture cards and use computer technology to create experience books.
Students can develop placement opportunities.
Students can develop presence and versatility in their performance work through the acting course.
Students can develop programs to suit their particular interests.
Students can develop real world skills in graphic arts by creating eye catching ads.
Students can develop skills, expand career knowledge, and make contacts for the future.
Students can develop special competencies in areas of the student's interest.
Students can develop study habits and critical thinking skills essential to college success.
Students can develop teamwork, leadership and followship skills through clubs, activities and work.
Students can develop the html coding within a very short time.
Students can develop their own feedback forms for work in progress.
Students can develop their own particular interests in the assessed essay.
Students can develop their own particular interests in the course of their studies.
Students can develop their own policy issue area subject to approval of faculty advisor.
Students can develop their own related number situations for their partners to solve.
Students can develop their own styles by taking classes in fiction writing and poetry.
Students can develop their skills in processing information from non-text resources.
Students can develop their spatial reasoning abilities in a variety of interesting settings.
Students can develop their talents in a wide range of activities, academic, sporting and cultural.
Students can develop very individualized programs of study to match their strengths and interests.
Students can develop written communication skills readily by using the Web too.
Students can develope the habit of independent learning.
Students can devleop more independant study habits .
Students can devote as much or as little time as their schedules allow.
Students can diagnose their own knowledge and compare it with scientists' knowledge.
Students can dial directly to the outside and visit the websites to understand the world.
Students can dial in from off campus, but few jacks are available on campus.
Students can dial-in and remotely access electronic mail and class related data.
Students can dictate descriptions of their pictures to an adult or older student.
Students can dictate phrases of things they see in the picture.
Students can differentiate between physical and human characteristics.
Students can differentiate the function and they obtain .
Students can dine in or take out.
Students can direct dial anywhere on campus by using the last four digits of the on campus number.
Students can direct questions to an e-mail address for quick responses at any time.
Students can direct the crew to research and investigate anything along the itinerary.
Students can discover hands on learning about water samples in streams, ponds, and oceans.
Students can discover how ordinary household items work.
Students can discover new worlds and can participate in simulated experiences.
Students can discover patterns in weather during the year by keeping a journal.
Students can discover the use of various household items to replicate common sounds.
Students can discover through electronic fieldtrips.
Students can discover useful links for reading, research, and general exploring.
Students can discuss a single song, the repertoire of a group as well as different musical trends.
Students can discuss and exchange varying cultural perspectives.
Students can discuss and interact to better understand each other.
Students can discuss any type of personal or academic concern in counseling.
Students can discuss how illustrations help to support the content and explain concepts.
Students can discuss how the test works.
Students can discuss in brief the danger involved with the damaged layers.
Students can discuss in small groups whether they agree with the opinion presented in the article.
Students can discuss in their home class their reactions to their partner's essays.
Students can discuss life of new immigrant.
Students can discuss mathemtaical ideas and make conjectures and convincing arguments.
Students can discuss medical concerns and obtain treatment for acute and chronic illnesses.
Students can discuss possible projects with the instructor.
Students can discuss price, location, types of food available, etc.
Students can discuss questions they have and decide what they hope to gain from the conference.
Students can discuss the advantages of one stanza over the other.
Students can discuss the biography genre and how it can be accomplished with humor and fun.
Students can discuss the differences between the two events.
Students can discuss the different frog species found on the poster.
Students can discuss the different meanings and role play examples to demonstrate each meaning.
Students can discuss the effectiveness of the medium of comic books to depict such a story.
Students can discuss the exercises during the instructor s office hours.
Students can discuss the findings using acrylic cubes.
Students can discuss the historical figures involved in the creation of the science of psychology.
Students can discuss the many hardships that come with having no home.
Students can discuss the multitude of themes throughout.
Students can discuss the natural acidity of rain due to carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Students can discuss the various cross-enrollment opportunities with their class dean.
Students can discuss their concerns fully and frankly.
Students can discuss their questions with each other and with members of the library staff.
Students can discuss their results and create a spreadsheet with their findings.
Students can discuss topics with industry experts and fellow students.
Students can discuss what information can be added to their fact files and write it down.
Students can discuss what they have been learning or simply things they wish to share.
Students can discuss where advertisements appear today.
Students can discuss why artistic expressions have sometimes been restricted by governments.
Students can disguise plagiarized work with a new font in a matter of seconds.
Students can display raw data to screen, or plot any two data sets against each other.
Students can display the variables as maps or lists.
Students can display their creations.
Students can dissect different electronic devices to view how the different components are used.
Students can dissect digital fetal pigs, earthworms, and other creatures.
Students can distinguish among instructors on the basis of how much they have learned.
Students can distinguish between qualitative and quantitative characteristics of natural phenomena.
Students can distinguish between quiet and loud voices.
Students can divide responsibilities and give oral reports to the class.
Students can do a general major, or focus on a particular theme in their coursework.
Students can do a job search, connect with employers, and find out about on-line job fairs.
Students can do a lot more than generate data or code.
Students can do a lot of analysis and synthesis with the information here.
Students can do a lot of comparison with others to see whose prediction model was most accurate.
Students can do a matching activity after reading the passage to check for understanding.
Students can do a much longer final performance.
Students can do a practicum in Missouri and still apply for certification in Illinois.
Students can do a Semantic Features Analysis.
Students can do a small part to help out during the holidays and show how thankful they are.
Students can do a web page project instead of an oral report.
Students can do a websearch for more info on the guerillas in Colombia.
Students can do activities.
Students can do additional research on other animals that migrate.
Students can do all three.
Students can do almost everything within the simulation that can be done in the real world.
Students can do an experiment studying enzymes by placing a slice of pineapple on Jello.
Students can do an independent study in order to pick up additional credits.
Students can do an independent study in order to pick up another three credits.
Students can do as much fundraising as they want.
Students can do basic arithmetic problems directly on the computer.
Students can do basic statistics like averages and percentages or graph the data.
Students can do better.
Students can do class assignments or learn what they want, when and where they want.
Students can do class assignments or work on their own.
Students can do class research, access college and university sites, and apply for jobs on the Web.
Students can do either individual projects or participate in group projects.
Students can do everything on screen.
Students can do exercises on their own at home.
Students can do five take home essays and do field work.
Students can do good work using English.
Students can do hands-on research in a library and by computer.
Students can do homework or sit quietly and play table games.
Students can do independent research on walking sticks from other areas and cultures.
Students can do individual work and then pair up to discuss and compare Internet findings.
Students can do installations from the web site.
Students can do internships and fieldwork locally and with some federal agencies.
Students can do internships at any point in their academic career.
Students can do it.
Students can do keyword searching here.
Students can do labs online.
Students can do mathematics and be engaged in creative problem solving.
Students can do most experiments with simple household chemicals.
Students can do much more than they think they can.
Students can do no more than select a background, header, and footer, and add links.
Students can do nothing about sexual harassment.
Students can do one course a semester or tackle several courses.
Students can do original, meaningful research using the videotaped material as data.
Students can do other things to make themselves more marketable.
Students can do presentations, wordprocessing, and research in every classroom.
Students can do projects based entirely on library sources if appropriate.
Students can do projects ranging from airplanes to zoos or from ecology to solar power.
Students can do pure or applied research on organisms ranging from bacteria and viruses to humans.
Students can do reading at home, on vacation, in the car, etc.
Students can do region specific searches for books or a nationwide search.
Students can do reports, collages, or posters to bring out the human dimension of a mission.
Students can do research and share their findings within a six-week period.
Students can do research in different perspectives.
Students can do research on similar topics.
Students can do research papers and presentations using the computers and other library resources.
Students can do role playing with others at their remote site, via twoway video, or in study groups.
Students can do rubbings of forest animals and plants.
Students can do science, too.
Students can do service in groups or as individuals to suit their schedules.
Students can do several home activities with fractions.
Students can do some distance learning, some online work, and then come here and do a term.
Students can do statistical analyses or strategically chosen comparisons of cases.
Students can do subject and term searches in the data base which list the relevant images.
Students can do subject searches and find articles pertaining to their subject of interest.
Students can do the activity sheet on cardinal directions.
Students can do the equivalent of two hours' study in ten minutes - and it's fun.
Students can do the minimum as described in the grading rubric or take off with it.
Students can do the puzzles right online.
Students can do the same for other people's birthdays.
Students can do the same lesson with other objects such as cars, airplanes etc.
Students can do the same thing.
Students can do the same with plants.
Students can do the same.
Students can do the training.
Students can do their best on research projects.
Students can do their computational homework using any computer language.
Students can do their homework and access labs from anywhere.
Students can do their own research at the library or on the Web.
Students can do their part by encouraging victims to report incidents when they happen.
Students can do their part by quickly promptly.
Students can do their part in saving energy.
Students can do their work on a computer or by hand.
Students can do themselves a great service by taking their time and reading carefully.
Students Can Do to stop school violence.
Students can do very well in writing courses.
Students can do webs or simply list details and draw pictures.
Students can do what they want to on their own time.
Students can document that they already have immune status.
Students can document the successful events occurring at a school on video and on the web.
Students can donate non-perishable food in boxes located in residence hall lobby areas.
Students can double major in psychology and social work.
Students can double their reading speed.
Students can download a letter of completion for any class after meeting all course requirements.
Students can download activity booklets while learning about clean air, water and land.
Students can download and complete assignments at their convenience and in their own home or office.
Students can download and save all class notes before watching video.
Students can download applications, etc.
Students can download applications, take virtual tours, do scholarship searches, etc.
Students can download case studies, problem sheets and solution sheets.
Students can download data sets and programs into their calculators.
Students can download frequently used forms to support financial aid applications.
Students can download information from the Web or exchange designs.
Students can download papers off the Web with the push of a button.
Students can download prewritten papers and on occasion do.
Students can download slides of a lecture to review and use as a study aid.
Students can download the actual data.
Students can download the application directly.
Students can download the electronic reserve, view it and print it.
Students can download the files required for the lab exercises.
Students can download the program, fill out the form on a computer and ship it back over the modem.
Students can download their instructions here .
Students can download to disk at all library locations.
Students can download wonderful graphics and sound to use in presentations.
Students can download worksheets and maps for use in completing tasks.
Students can download worksheets and obtain information about how to use Internet search engines.
Students can drag a copy of the document to their desktop and save it as desired.
Students can drag across the different rectangles in the walkway to get the area .
Students can drag the box out of the way to read the related material.
Students can drag the scroll bar to expand the view they're most comfortable working in.
Students can drag the swing to different heights, then activate the motion.
Students can dramatisation.
Students can dramatize the trade routes by portraying different explorers.
Students can draw a diagram of the sky scene noting time, direction, and distance above horizon.
Students can draw a freehand picture or choose an image from the picture library and modify it.
Students can draw a map of Kansas and identify the reservoirs.
Students can draw a model of the carrier pigeons with the cameras attached.
Students can draw a picture of a faraway place they have been.
Students can draw a picture of what the plant looks like after it grows and share it with the class.
Students can draw a picture on the cover of their home if they have time.
Students can draw a picture to go with the story.
Students can draw a plan.
Students can draw an animal that has flat teeth and an animal that has sharp teeth.
Students can draw an arbitrary tangent line on a point of the graph.
Students can draw and paint using the wacky pencil, brush and paint can tools.
Students can draw computer pictures using only one shape.
Students can draw conclusions about nuclear decay from the graph.
Students can draw conclusions about the best location for the feeders.
Students can draw conclusions about the location of feeder sites and the time of day birds feed.
Students can draw maps and compute the miles traveled to the museum.
Students can draw on and adapt the ideas seen in the video.
Students can draw on the board or use gestures, but no voices.
Students can draw or build the monument, put on display in the school or classroom.
Students can draw or paint on the image.
Students can draw or paint pictures incorporating some of the landforms.
Students can draw or paste an image of the hero on the stamp.
Students can draw or take photos of the different plants and animals in the area they are assessing.
Students can draw pictures and modify images created by other participants.
Students can draw pictures explaining how they think helium balloons fly.
Students can draw pictures to go with the problem.
Students can draw pictures to go with their song.
Students can draw pictures to illustrate the story.
Students can draw resource maps.
Students can draw simple pictures to retell the story.
Students can draw some of the most spectacular landscapes in the world.
Students can draw the animals of the desert.
Students can draw the diagonals of parallelograms to make further observations.
Students can draw the necessary data from the server hard disk.
Students can draw the process, measure, and chronicle how long it takes.
Students can draw the specimens in art class or write about what they see.
Students can draw weather maps including weather symbols.
Students can draw, color, paint, paste or write their ideas.
Students can draw, describe, and identify the types of tephra.
Students can draw, dictate, or write their own stories.
Students can dress up as interviewers and historical figures.
Students can drink coffee or tea, relax, listen to music, play games, or folk dance.
Students can drive their own vehicles to and from camp locations.
Students can drop all clinics on the web until one week before the first class.
Students can drop by during normal working hours to use the library or ask questions.
Students can drop by for a visit, or if they're looking for a comfortable place to study.
Students can drop by for assistance.
Students can drop classes online until mid-quarter.
Students can drop from the course anytime before the course begins without any penalty.
Students can drop in anytime to use the computers.
Students can drop in at anytime it fits their schedules.
Students can drop in for free tutoring in any subject.
Students can drop in for information and guidance whenever they choose, within office hours.
Students can drop in or call for help at any time.
Students can drop in or make an appointment during busier times of the semester.
Students can drop in or make an appointment.
Students can drop in or make appointments with particular tutors.
Students can drop in to clarify there doubts.
Students can drop in whenever they have free time during the school day.
Students can drop in, make an appointment, call or e-mail .
Students can drop off and pick up their laundry right on campus.
Students can drop off completed paperwork to be sent to the appropriate department or campus.
Students can drop off old readers and notebooks in bins located throughout the residence halls.
Students can drop one homework grade.
Students can drop one or more classes without withdrawing from school.
Students can drop ONE quiz grade.
Students can drop the alternate course if they receive their waitlisted course.
Students can drop the lowest of partial test grades.
Students can drop the order off at the main office.
Students can drop up until the last drop date with no grade penalty.
Students can drop without a refund prior to the third class meeting.
Students can drop-in and speak with an intake counselor anytime.
Students can dub voices for the different animals in the video to tell their fable.
Students can each also write an artist's statement about their work for exhibition.
Students can earn a Bachelor of Science in Visual Communication.
Students can earn a Bachelor of Science or Master of Science degree.
Students can earn a bachelor's and master's degree in five years.
Students can earn a bachelor's degree in as little as four years.
Students can earn a certificate in technology, arts, and media.
Students can earn a degree by e-mail or view tapes of lectures far from campus.
Students can earn a degree in business while learning to fly at the same time.
Students can earn a degree in liberal arts in five semesters or less.
Students can earn a English or elective credit for the class.
Students can earn a high school diploma by taking only distance education courses.
Students can earn a maximum of six credits or three credit hour per internship.
Students can earn a maximum of six points.
Students can earn a maximum of two thousand points.
Students can earn a minimum of two credits per term.
Students can earn a minor or a second major without affecting their primary major.
Students can earn a percentage of the funds that are disbursed with each day of class attendance.
Students can earn a school letter and compete in region and state tournaments, if qualified.
Students can earn a total of six elective credits in Co-op.
Students can earn a T-shirt at the end of the year.
Students can earn academic credit for practicum experience.
Students can earn academic credit for the work and also earn money to help pay for school.
Students can earn academic credit for their participation.
Students can earn academic credit through paid and unpaid internships.
Students can earn academic credits in lieu of pay for their first year of internship.
Students can earn additional credit for solo performances and advanced study.
Students can earn all levels of their religious growth series.
Students can earn all the points or partial points for each assignment.
Students can earn an adjunct major, a minor, or a graduate certificate from the program.
Students can earn an associate degree, a diploma, or a bachelor of science degree in nursing.
Students can earn an embedded science credit for completion of the program.
Students can earn an embeded math credit for completion of the program.
Students can earn an entire degree via the Web.
Students can earn an M.B.A .
Students can earn an optional minor in either electrical, mechanical, or computer engineering.
Students can earn Associate degrees as well as certificates of completion.
Students can earn associate of arts and associate of science degrees.
Students can earn bachelor s or master s degrees.
Students can earn bachelor's or master's in business communication and administration.
Students can earn between one and four academic credits in an internship.
Students can earn both a master's degree in social work and certification in family therapy.
Students can earn both academic credit and financial compensation.
Students can earn both certificates by taking the non- overlapping courses in both sequences.
Students can earn both high school and college credit.
Students can earn bucks to add to their checking and savings accounts.
Students can earn certificate valid for one year.
Students can earn CMU credit for work and training experiences that occurred outside of college.
Students can earn college and high school credit simultaneously.
Students can earn college credit and be eligible for advanced placement if grades are satisfactory.
Students can earn college credit at a significantly reduced cost.
Students can earn college credit by completing a two-semester internship.
Students can earn college credit for college level work they complete in high school.
Students can earn college credit for some of the courses while in high school.
Students can earn college credit for summer internships and other practical ministry experience.
Students can earn college credit free .
Students can earn college credit in a career program of their choice.
Students can earn college credit while in high school without any financial burden.
Students can earn college credit.
Students can earn college credits at home by viewing telecourses on videotape.
Students can earn college credits before entering college, thus saving money, time and effort.
Students can earn college credits within five weeks.
Students can earn community service hours.
Students can earn completion certificates.
Students can earn course credit and transcript notation.
Students can earn course credit by registering for independent study research.
Students can earn course credits by registering for independent study research.
Students can earn course points from exams, quizzes and activities.
Students can earn credit and volunteer opportunities are also available.
Students can earn credit and, in most cases, wages for work performed.
Students can earn credit for any subject covered in a college curriculum.
Students can earn credit for the courses.
Students can earn credit for their current jobs if they are beginning a new project or activity.
Students can earn credit for undergraduate research and internships.
Students can earn credit hours taught by highly qualified instructors.
Students can earn credit in almost any field.
Students can earn credit toward a minor or major in Spanish.
Students can earn credit, experience and wages through jobs.
Students can earn credits by studying in foreign countries.
Students can earn credits during summer and winter sessions available.
Students can earn credits in history, political science, geography or fine arts.
Students can earn credits that transfer to four-year colleges.
Students can earn credits toward a high school diploma and brush up on other skills.
Students can earn credits toward general education requirements.
Students can earn days free from wearing their uniforms if they consistently wear their uniforms.
Students can earn different-color belts, up to and including a black belt.
Students can earn eagle coupons for practicing the character traits.
Students can earn either a blue ribbon of merit or a gold medal of honor.
Students can earn either a British undergraduate or a graduate degree.
Students can earn either occupational or elective credits towards their graduation requirements.
Students can earn engineering technical and nontechnical credit toward their engineering degree.
Students can earn engineering technical and nontechnical credit towards their engineering degree.
Students can earn extra credit by discovering the true identity of the man in the iron mask.
Students can earn extra credit by making flash cards.
Students can earn extra credit in several ways.
Students can earn extra credit points by participating in the class discussion forum.
Students can earn extra elective credit for their work experience.
Students can earn extra time as a behavior reward.
Students can earn first, second, third or fourth prizes for their work.
Students can earn four community service hours per event.
Students can earn from one to five credits for their work experience.
Students can earn from one to six hours of class credit.
Students can earn from one to three credits per semester.
Students can earn from three to six credits per test.
Students can earn from two to six undergraduate or graduate credits.
Students can earn full academic credit and remain eligible for financial aid.
Students can earn graduate or undergraduate credit.
Students can earn high school and college credit simultaneously.
Students can earn high school and college credit.
Students can earn high school credit and college credit at the same time.
Students can earn high school credit and university credit simultaneously.
Students can earn high school credit.
Students can earn high school credits.
Students can earn honors cords from participating in the organization.
Students can earn humanities credit while overseas.
Students can earn income while learning.
Students can earn internship credit for approved work in manufacturing and consulting firms.
Students can earn master's degrees in education, nursing, and social work.
Students can earn money for college while they tutor elementary school children to read.
Students can earn money, meet friends, gain job experience and skills and learn responsibility.
Students can earn nine or more college credits in the six-week program.
Students can earn one credit for attending the gospel choir twice a week.
Students can earn one or two course credits.
Students can earn one physical education credit hour for their participation.
Students can earn one to six credits.
Students can earn one to three internship credits by working for the gallery.
Students can earn one unit of independent study credit based on their participation.
Students can earn one year of Russian language credit in one summer.
Students can earn points by showing desired behavior.
Students can earn points for class participation.
Students can earn points throughout the research process.
Students can earn proficiency for a first level course by completing a second-level course.
Students can earn residency points for attending.
Students can earn scholarships by participating and advancing to various levels of the competition.
Students can earn scholarships in several ways.
Students can earn service hours by preparing written content for the newsletter and web- page.
Students can earn seven hours of credit for the program.
Students can earn six hours of academic credit.
Students can earn six hours of European history credit.
Students can earn six transferable credits for the coursework.
Students can earn six-nine hours credit while living and traveling throughout Central Europe.
Students can earn the equivalent of a full year's credit at an American university.
Students can earn their credit-load by taking general requirements during summer term.
Students can earn their degrees on a part-time basis.
Students can earn their entire degree without having to take any courses on campus.
Students can earn three credit hours.
Students can earn three credits for each course taken.
Students can earn three hours of credit for enrolling in the seminar.
Students can earn three to six credits of global issues or history credits during the trip.
Students can earn three unit of college credit.
Students can earn two years of high school credit in a year by doubling up on academic subjects.
Students can earn undergraduate or graduate credit for the course.
Students can earn university credit for internships and for conducting their own research projects.
Students can earn university credits for their work in Nepal.
Students can earn university credits.
Students can earn up to eight college credits in English, mathematics, study skills and computers .
Students can earn up to eight credits a school year.
Students can earn up to nine credits and select their faculty sponsor.
Students can earn up to one semester of college credit prior to graduating from high school.
Students can earn up to one year of college credit while attending high school.
Students can earn up to six academic credits while studying and absorbing the culture of Israel.
Students can earn up to six credits in the intern program.
Students can earn up to six fully transferable United States college credits.
Students can earn up to six hours of credit towards their degree at each session.
Students can earn up to six hours of elective credit each semester and up to eighteen total hours.
Students can earn up to sixteen units of academic credit for participation in co-op.
Students can earn up to the equivalent of one year of full-time study.
Students can earn up to three hours of credit for enrolling in the seminar.
Students can earn up to three semester credits in each of the four quarters of the academic year.
Students can earn up to twelve credits per semester.
Students can earn up to two years of tuition-free college credit while finishing high school.
Students can earn up to two years tuition free college credit, getting a head start on college.
Students can earn while they learn.
Students can ease their credit-load by taking general requirements during summer term.
Students can easily access files and course materials created by professors.
Students can easily access helpful information while taking the quiz.
Students can easily adapt the routines to match their fitness levels.
Students can easily attend trials, hearing and appellate proceedings.
Students can easily be in contact with offices for which they are doing research.
Students can easily collaborate with others both electronically or face to face.
Students can easily come to school by bus, underground train, or streetcar.
Students can easily communicate with their professors, teachers and classmates.
Students can easily compare the orange to a sphere.
Students can easily contact the course instructors about posted scores.
Students can easily continue from the section that they left at last viewing.
Students can easily create their own calculator for specific problems in a spreadsheet.
Students can easily create word lists for play.
Students can easily do it themselves.
Students can easily download and install copyrighted programs on school computers.
Students can easily download the program and talk with friends and family overseas for free.
Students can easily dress the role for their presentations.
Students can easily email employers specifying the resume address.
Students can easily enter by inserting their student identification cards in the slot provided.
Students can easily feel overloaded.
Students can easily find answers to questions.
Students can easily find interesting and useful resources for papers, projects, and personal use.
Students can easily find reliable facts on any topic they choose.
Students can easily follow along with the commentary as the text is accessible by a click.
Students can easily follow the progress of their application on-line.
Students can easily follow their interests from one program to another.
Students can easily get information and help from company staff.
Students can easily get work from the web without having to go to the library.
Students can easily go to the marking surfaces and projection center.
Students can easily grasp all the major themes, and the various voices evoke vivid images.
Students can easily learn from example programs, or look up keywords in a textbook.
Students can easily lose interest while waiting for huge graphics to load.
Students can easily make shadows using room lighting or flashlights.
Students can easily match their unique interests and abilities with potential careers.
Students can easily measure centimeters of travel per minute as a dependent variable.
Students can easily misinterpret their teacher's bad mood.
Students can easily move between prewriting, drafting, revising and editing.
Students can easily move from one program to the next as they meet their goals.
Students can easily navigate among sections and can explore many careers in a short time.
Students can easily obtain a hard copy of the results of their research without leaving the lab.
Students can easily open and send attachments.
Students can easily participate on or off campus as long as they have a connection to the internet.
Students can easily pen-pal with students in other schools everywhere on Earth.
Students can easily perform speech perception experiments using synthetic speech.
Students can easily pick up bad habits.
Students can easily process their self placement assessment via the web.
Students can easily quadruple their entering rate of reading without comprehension loss.
Students can easily read the pictures as the story develops.
Students can easily return to the exact unit and lesson from where they left off.
Students can easily save their pages on floppy disk and work outside of the classroom.
Students can easily search reserve materials by instructor's last name, or department name.
Students can easily see the repitition of the octaves.
Students can easily see what happens.
Students can easily see, feel, touch and make connections to the wide world of animals.
Students can easily share ideas and answers through formal and informal study groups.
Students can easily sign up for activities such as intramurals, clubs and field trips.
Students can easily spot an unprepared instructor.
Students can easily take advantage of Chicago's many museums, sporting events, theaters, and shops.
Students can easily take courses day or night, and can earn degrees much more quickly.
Students can easily take trips as far away as Paris or London on the three day weekends.
Students can easily trace the face of the sun and compare it from hour to hour and day to day.
Students can easily try out a program from the book without having to type it in from scratch.
Students can easily use the software independently.
Students can easily view their academic, work and other accomplishments by working on their resume.
Students can easily visualize the ouchless procedure.
Students can easily walk into the nearby village where they are welcomed as part of the community.
Students can easily walk to and from work if they reside on or close to campus.
Students can easily walk to school.
Students can easily walk to the city center, but public transportation is also available.
Students can easily work in groups to solve simulation problems.
Students can eat foods , and some dessert .
Students can eat foods,and some dessert.
Students can eat in any dining room on campus.
Students can eat meals in the students cafeterias.
Students can eat the crackers for snack time.
Students can eat up to five meals a day on the new plan.
Students can edit a copy of the file and delete the original file and substitute the copy.
Students can edit photos and graphics and turn any project into a Web page.
Students can edit photos, create Web graphics, draw, paint, and create animations.
Students can edit the material for use in assignments.
Students can edit their movies easily, and add music, etc.
Students can edit their music and add additional parts to their compositions.
Students can edit their picture to make themselves into a story character.
Students can edit, execute, and test programs exactly as they wouldon the real trainer.
Students can effectively edit and evaluate their own and peers writing and presentation.
Students can effectively edit and evaluate their own and peers' writing and presentation.
Students can effectively give as well as receive and respond to performance feedback.
Students can effectively interact with an operating power system modeled by the simulator.
Students can effectively use new knowledge to understand a native speaker.
Students can effectively use the target language to order food from a native speaker.
Students can effortlessly move from electronic connections to personal ones.
Students can either apply directly for the award, or they can be nominated by another individual.
Students can either apply directly or be nominated by others in the university community.
Students can either approve the fee increase, or vote to eliminate it altogether.
Students can either attend an eight-hour instruction session or complete a home study course.
Students can either be residents or commuters.
Students can either call or come personally during the lab hours to reserve equipment.
Students can either choose from the suggestions provided by staff , or propose their own.
Students can either copy the complete book, or use the copies in the reserve library.
Students can either create individual work, share ideas, or present to the class.
Students can either create projects made by the entire group, small groups, or individually.
Students can either create separate graphs for each calf or graph data for both calves on one paper.
Students can either download to their own computer or browse at any convenient time.
Students can either draw pictures to represent the information, or use words.
Students can either drop in for advice or ring first to make an appointment.
Students can either drop in or make an appointment for advising and counselling.
Students can either email questions or call the instructor directly.
Students can either enrol in advance or just turn up on the night.
Students can either enter the essay portion of the contest, or the drawing portion, or both.
Students can either have their own insurance or purchase insurance through the school.
Students can either join a topic currently under discussion or start a new topic for discussion.
Students can either make up their own flag or choose to adapt a pre-existing flag to paint.
Students can either memorize a fact or write it down.
Students can either pay cash in the lunch line or use their debit account.
Students can either pay the interest while they are in school or let it accrue.
Students can either prepare questions in class or for homework.
Students can either print out a copy to work on off-line or can select multiple choice answers.
Students can either read independently or listen as the computer reads passages from a book.
Students can either rent a place of their own or share an apartment with other students.
Students can either schedule an appointment or walk-in.
Students can either ski or snowboard on the slopes.
Students can either stay on-campus or commute.
Students can either study full time or part time at the premises of private colleges.
Students can either study in German or study in English while learning German.
Students can either submit questions in advance or during the live session.
Students can either type numbers at the keyboard or enter numbers by selecting with the mouse.
Students can either use printed copies of the game board or use the provided interactive applet .
Students can either use scissors to cut out their design or snap out the parts from the tray.
Students can either volunteer for one of our programs or create one of their own.
Students can either volunteer to work on projects or receive course credit for their participation.
Students can either work alone or in groups of two.
Students can either work in a real time environment or do their writing outside of class.
Students can either work in small groups, as a class, or individually.
Students can elect a full diploma program or take individual courses.
Students can elect a general program or one that emphasizes a particular business discipline.
Students can elect any science major within the BSc program.
Students can elect examination by open or closed book.
Students can elect future leaders committed to the highest ethical and democratic standards.
Students can elect the installment payment plan at the time of registration.
Students can elect to attend either or both sessions of summer school.
Students can elect to attend for one or two days.
Students can elect to be billed instead of paying at the time of service.
Students can elect to be housed on campus or choose their own accommodation arrangements.
Students can elect to be involved in either one or two units.
Students can elect to do a project on an assigned topic, or to select a topic of their own.
Students can elect to do internships during the academic year or Summer for academic credit.
Students can elect to do it days, evenings, or weekends.
Students can elect to enroll in one or both sessions.
Students can elect to go on to separating the materials in soil by a conducting a shake test.
Students can elect to have their invoices mailed directly to their home or campus address.
Students can elect to pursue studies in the government, health care or nonprofit sectors.
Students can elect to receive elective credit in either art or history.
Students can elect to specialise in one subject or follow a more broad-based programme.
Students can elect to spend one or both semesters in their junior year in another country.
Students can elect to stay in a single room if they pay the difference.
Students can elect to take an honours course in archaeology.
Students can elect to take any or all of the modules.
Students can elect to take courses for credit or for no credit.
Students can elect to take courses or focus on research while on the program.
Students can elect to take either one of the classes or both.
Students can elect to take one, two or three terms.
Students can elect to undertake any numbers of modules.
Students can e-mail Chinese pen pals as part of a cultural exchange.
Students can email colleges to request financial aid information and forms.
Students can email completed work for inclusion on the site.
Students can E-mail each other or their teacher.
Students can e-mail experts in the fields they are researching.
Students can e-mail or call the facilitator with questions anytime during the week.
Students can e-mail or fax tutors their assignments and queries.
Students can e-mail papers to tutors for feedback.
Students can e-mail participates with questions.
Students can email progress reports to their teachers.
Students can email questions or look at archives sorted by topics and grade levels.
Students can email questions to experts.
Students can e-mail questions to instructors and other students and receive immediate answers.
Students can e-mail questions to the teacher at any time during the class.
Students can e-mail questions.
Students can e-mail quiz results to instructors and teaching assistants.
Students can e-mail responses to instructor.
Students can e-mail Santa.
Students can e-mail the author with questions.
Students can e-mail the instructor with any questions about the course.
Students can email the library .
Students can email the results of their tests to a teacher or professor.
Students can E-mail their papers or questions to a tutor for assistance.
Students can e-mail their questions, along with the name of the school, grade, and teacher s name.
Students can E-mail their responses and pertinent information .
Students can email their solutions, queries or comments.
Students can e-mail their solutions.
Students can e-mail to acquire more first hand information concerning the conflict.
Students can e-mail to other students and their teachers.
Students can e-mail writing counselors with questions about grammar, spelling and punctuation.
Students can e-mail, fax, mailor bring assignments in person.
Students can emphasize clinical practice, teaching, or research in their program.
Students can emphasize work with adults or with children, adolescents, and families.
Students can encounter many obstacles to a positive college experience.
Students can encourage other students until the roadblocks are removed.
Students can encourage the inclusion or expansion of service in the curriculum of their schools.
Students can encourage their friends to come here.
Students can encourage their parents to start an exercise program as a family activity.
Students can end up with jobs creating installation packages or developing games.
Students can engage in a variety of art forms-theater, poetry readings and exhibits.
Students can engage in an undergraduate research study in collaboration with a faculty sponsor.
Students can engage in the discussion when they wish to post or reply to statements.
Students can enhance both their clinical and management skills in one location.
Students can enhance the internship experience by extending it over a longer period of time.
Students can enhance the Methods chapter with new information from the log.
Students can enhance their educational training by joining a program club.
Students can enhance their formal education with interest-specific learning in a community setting.
Students can enhance their regular schedule by adding online classes.
Students can enjoy a nutritious well-balanced meal.
Students can enjoy a wide range of movies from foreign films to the latest block-buster flicks.
Students can enjoy Athens' concerts, dance, theater, public lectures, sports, and more.
Students can enjoy basketball courts and teatherball polls during recess and after school.
Students can enjoy discounted academic pricing plans.
Students can enjoy hiking and skiing in the mountains and scuba diving or swimming in the ocean.
Students can enjoy playing billiards and video games and watching television.
Students can enjoy reading.
Students can enjoy skill and appreciation for music, becoming tomorrow's performers and audiences.
Students can enjoy string orchestra through high school graduation.
Students can enjoy summer sports such as wind surfing, swimming, water skiing, and hiking.
Students can enjoy the activities with other students, our staff, and friends.
Students can enjoy the activities, participate and even learn a little too.
Students can enjoy the beach on their time off from school.
Students can enjoy the benefits of a bolstering economy, but only if they work at it.
Students can enjoy the best of both tracks.
Students can enjoy the quiet academic environment as well as the exciting urban life.
Students can enjoy the rotating exhibits and permanent collections.
Students can enjoy up to thirteen different inter-collegiate sports.
Students can enjoy using their own pc in the comforts of their room or working in the computer labs.
Students can enlist in a community college and design their own schedules.
Students can enrol and pay fees online.
Students can enrol any time.
Students can enrol at any time during the term.
Students can enrol at any time during the year.
Students can enrol at any time throughout the year, setting their own pace.
Students can enrol at any time.
Students can enrol for a minimum of one and maximum of five terms.
Students can enrol for a minimum of two weeks.
Students can enrol for as many courses as they want to complete each semester.
Students can enrol in three or four papers in each of the three semesters.
Students can enroll a spouse, children, or both during the open enrollment each semester.
Students can enroll all year or fall semester only.
Students can enroll and receive credit for their participation with the community orchestra.
Students can enroll and start anytime.
Students can enroll any day and complete on any day throughout the year.
Students can enroll any time and take up to nine months to complete course requirements.
Students can enroll anytime during the two semesters.
Students can enroll anytime up to the add deadline.
Students can enroll as a freshman, sophomore, or as late as their junior year in college.
Students can enroll as undecided majors and receive advising about any area within the college.
Students can enroll at any time during the school year.
Students can enroll at any time during the year.
Students can enroll at any time of the year and work at their own pace.
Students can enroll at any time of the year.
Students can enroll at any time, and have one year to complete the program at their own pace.
Students can enroll at any time, and there is no charge for any of the services provided.
Students can enroll at any time.
Students can enroll at anytime and can work at their own pace.
Students can enroll at anytime during the school year.
Students can enroll at their local college and take courses originating at other colleges.
Students can enroll directly by accessing codes and following the protocol set for each course.
Students can enroll during any semester.
Students can enroll either full time or part time.
Students can enroll for a four or eight-week study period.
Students can enroll for a full year, fall, or spring semester.
Students can enroll for a semester or year in the English-language business program.
Students can enroll for as many weeks as desired.
Students can enroll for as many weeks as they wish.
Students can enroll for credit in each ensemble for a total of four semesters.
Students can enroll for individual classes or earn a complete high school diploma.
Students can enroll for individual courses or for all three consecutively.
Students can enroll for internship credit during any quarter of the year.
Students can enroll for no more than two courses in the summer session.
Students can enroll for the fall or the full academic year.
Students can enroll from any geographic location.
Students can enroll in a Form at any time during the school year.
Students can enroll in a local driving school.
Students can enroll in a telecourse just like any other course.
Students can enroll in a Web Course just like any other course.
Students can enroll in any of the college's degree or certificate programs for which they qualify.
Students can enroll in any session.
Students can enroll in as many or as few classes as their personal schedules permit.
Students can enroll in as many welding courses as they desire during their high school enrollment.
Students can enroll in classroom and non-classroom courses.
Students can enroll in Co-op at any time during the year.
Students can enroll in courses at any time.
Students can enroll in courses during summers and academic years.
Students can enroll in courses related to reading programs at the elementary and secondary levels.
Students can enroll in courses where European and Asian cultures are discussed.
Students can enroll in coursework in most humanities, sciences, and social science areas.
Students can enroll in either strand or both.
Students can enroll in graduate courses during the fall semester prior to their supervised practice.
Students can enroll in one lower division course per semester at the four-year institution.
Students can enroll in one module at a time and are limited to two modules per block.
Students can enroll in one of two summer sessions and earn credit for courses over the summer.
Students can enroll in one or more courses and complete the course on their own time.
Students can enroll in one section only.
Students can enroll in one to six semester hours, available spring and summer sessions.
Students can enroll in one, two or all three classes.
Students can enroll in one, two or three classes, but are encouraged to enroll in all three.
Students can enroll in person or by phone, mail, or the Internet.
Students can enroll in program.
Students can enroll in religion courses for college credit.
Students can enroll in several classes designed to meet their specific needs.
Students can enroll in single courses or a specific program leading to a degree or certificate.
Students can enroll in specific courses, certification classes, or a master's degree program.
Students can enroll in the department for a double major or a single major.
Students can enroll in the distance component of courses as their time allows.
Students can enroll in the other courses if they have the prerequisites for the course.
Students can enroll in the program and proceed at their own pace.
Students can enroll in the program as a business or a free elective.
Students can enroll in the same courses as offered on campus in the program.
Students can enroll into a course through the Course tab.
Students can enroll only at certain throughout the year.
Students can enroll part-time during other portions of the curriculum.
Students can enter a clue for remembering their password.
Students can enter a five-member team or several teams for competition.
Students can enter a summary resume and pertinent information.
Students can enter a word or phrase and see the various words or phrases they change into.
Students can enter aircraft design parameters into the simulator and flight test their own designs.
Students can enter an optical design class assignment or thesis work.
Students can enter and exit the programs at any point depending on their situation.
Students can enter any time.
Students can enter art, poster, poetry, essay and computer-generated art.
Students can enter as individuals or pairs.
Students can enter as many categories as they like.
Students can enter at any point.
Students can enter at any time.
Students can enter budget information into a spreadsheet as they prepare their production.
Students can enter courses in progress at any time.
Students can enter data from their own tracking.
Students can enter either as an individual or as a group.
Students can enter every day's drawing by coming back to the site daily.
Students can enter for a variety of internationally recognised examinations at an appropriate level.
Students can enter for no charge.
Students can enter formulas to generate the different forms.
Students can enter from all native languages and with any level of English ability.
Students can enter functions into templates.
Students can enter ICP while online.
Students can enter in all categories if they wish.
Students can enter in the fall or spring.
Students can enter individually or in pairs.
Students can enter individually or in teams of two.
Students can enter information about their sports or extracurricular careers, including video clips.
Students can enter most technical schools directly from high schools.
Students can enter national business-plan competitions.
Students can enter our essay contest and win a place on an international youth visit to Seoul.
Students can enter personal information such as career goals.
Students can enter personal information to filter out the scholarships they qualify for.
Students can enter programs at any time and work at their own pace.
Students can enter pro's and con's onto a screen as individuals or small groups debate an issue.
Students can enter resume or update and search job database free.
Students can enter tertiary, secondary or English language programmes.
Students can enter text and graphic notes into the database on any topic their teacher has created.
Students can enter text and math symbols easily into documents.
Students can enter the course with little or no previous instruction in formal grammar.
Students can enter the degree directly from high school, or after one or more years at university.
Students can enter the housing lottery in groups so that friends can stay together.
Students can enter the lottery as individuals or in groups of two, three or four.
Students can enter the Ph.D. program with a bachelor's or a master's degree.
Students can enter the portfolio program at any point in their doctoral work.
Students can enter the program at any grade level with approval of the specialist.
Students can enter the program at any time and can complete the courses in any order.
Students can enter the program at any time.
Students can enter the program at the beginning of any semester.
Students can enter the program at the level most suited to their needs.
Students can enter the program at the start of any session.
Students can enter the program at various levels depending on background.
Students can enter the program during their first or second year of high school.
Students can enter the program either in Fall or Spring.
Students can enter the program from any associate degree program or directly from high school.
Students can enter the program from varied backgrounds.
Students can enter the program in any quarter after notification of acceptance.
Students can enter the program in different ways.
Students can enter the program individually or as teams.
Students can enter the program through finance or mathematics.
Students can enter the program throughout the year at the beginning of any block.
Students can enter the program throughout the year for daytime or evening classwork.
Students can enter the program with little or no prior computer skills.
Students can enter the programme after completing a year of general science courses.
Students can enter the programs at several points during the year.
Students can enter the secure site, using their personal logins, at any time.
Students can enter the trade, or can progress to higher education.
Students can enter their city, state and zip code to find a treatment program near home.
Students can enter their own field data and explore the future development of the slope.
Students can enter their own team or join a team as a free agent.
Students can enter their subject and receive brief encyclopedia-type information.
Students can enter their topic and receive brief info.
Students can enter theory at the beginning of any course.
Students can escape their parochial notions of the world with connectivity and interactivity.
Students can estimate the cost of the trip using current airfare prices.
Students can estimate the performance of a manufacturing system based on a process plan.
Students can estimate which fingerprint type most frequently occurs by sampling their class.
Students can estimate.
Students can evaluate an ethical problem and present a solution in a systematic way.
Students can evaluate each route by investigating the countries in the chain.
Students can evaluate recipes for nutritional content.
Students can evaluate significance graphically.
Students can evaluate significance using graphical methods.
Students can evaluate the course and instructor during the last week of classes.
Students can evaluate the effectiveness of artwork in terms of design elements and principles.
Students can evaluate the long-term consequences of gene mapping.
Students can evaluate their own writing.
Students can evaluate written materials objectively.
Students can even access the on-line catalog from their dorm rooms.
Students can even apply for a college loan online.
Students can even apply for scholarship.
Students can even attend classes at more than one campus at a time.
Students can even choose a desired reading level.
Students can even create and hear their own spelling lists.
Students can even create slide shows of maps with sound attached.
Students can even create their own issues to be debated or discussed online.
Students can even create web pages such as the raptor project .
Students can even decide to back time up so that can try a different approach.
Students can even determine what the diet of the animal has been.
Students can even dress like their mythological character on the day of their presentation.
Students can even earn college credit while enrolled in many of our full-time programs.
Students can even earn extra credit points while in class.
Students can even elect to add themselves to the class anonymously.
Students can even explore a view of the Earth at night.
Students can even find the brochures that the PR office put online.
Students can even get a list of books their friends have reviewed by searching on reviewer names.
Students can even get help with homework .
Students can even get off at any point of the route to visit friends.
Students can even have an advisor at their place of employment.
Students can even have live discussions with their peers to get help with their papers.
Students can even have the actors read their scripts through computer synthesizer.
Students can even have their entire tax return completed and electronically lodged on the spot.
Students can even invent and perform the songs of their bird.
Students can even join an on-line book discussion.
Students can even land their job for the upcoming year.
Students can even make albums containing portraits of several persons.
Students can even make designs from entire words.
Students can even nominate themselves.
Students can even order parts from their dorm rooms.
Students can even perceive colors from a combination of black and white lines on a top.
Students can even place the test tube in a freezer, if available, for a few minutes.
Students can even print people and animals to add to their model communities.
Students can even publish their creative work.
Students can even raise their virtual hands with the touch of a button.
Students can even read a play that was originally put out over the radio.
Students can even read the scientists' real journals or go on an electronic field trip.
Students can even receive a high school diploma from the school.
Students can even receive credit for work experience.
Students can even register and make credit card payments online.
Students can even schedule an appointment to see the instructor.
Students can even search at home while doing homework.
Students can even see how many people have read their work.
Students can even see their work through animated diagrams that reflect each change to the system.
Students can even send comments to the authors via email.
Students can even send redesign ideas to toy manufacturers.
Students can even send the faculty messages by e-mail.
Students can even skip around within the lesson.
Students can even stay overnight in the on-campus residence halls on a space available basis.
Students can even submit a definition for inclusion in the game.
Students can even switch time slots with each other automatically.
Students can even take advantage of the special rates for clinic treatments.
Students can even take home tagging kits to tag with their families.
Students can even take the exams without being enrolled at any school.
Students can even use a personal digital assistant for document viewing.
Students can even use financial aid to pay for the tuition and fees.
Students can even use the audio tape and the digitized images together.
Students can examine and compare the evidence and tentatively decide.
Students can examine and select pertinent data, and solve material and energy balance problems.
Students can examine and select pertinent data, and solve thermodynamics problems.
Students can examine and select pertinent data, and solve transport problems.
Students can examine artifacts, stratigraphy, and even do trash can archaeology.
Students can examine each instance and decide on appropriate revisions.
Students can examine in detail the types of humour employed in a situation comedy.
Students can examine primary data to evaluate the effects of acid rain or global warming.
Students can examine registration and bursar information.
Students can examine re-occurring themes found in the artwork.
Students can examine the impact of interest rate changes on output and inflation.
Students can examine the structure of predefined crystals or construct new structures.
Students can examine what percentage of their school grounds are permeable.
Students can excel by creating an environment that they and teachers enjoy.
Students can exchange assignments for correcting.
Students can exchange files and collaborate with each other.
Students can exchange graphs and charts created using data gathered.
Students can exchange ideas and discussions.
Students can exchange information about their lives and languages or work together on projects.
Students can exchange information about their subject and can ask questions on-line.
Students can exchange papers with jokes.
Students can exchange quizzed and grade each other if it is a multiple choice quiz.
Students can exchange stories they have written.
Students can exchange their glossaries and word searches with others in the class.
Students can execute kicks and have some understanding of rhythm.
Students can exert forces from different pegs on the right side of the balance.
Students can exhibit a basic understanding of uncomplicated literary narratives.
Students can exhibit critical thinking and problem solving capabilities.
Students can exit the learner profile at any time.
Students can exit whenever they are ready for employment.
Students can expand their career options and develop new job skills.
Students can expect a challenging educational experience in a supportive environment.
Students can expect a great deal of active learning opportunities.
Students can expect a great deal of exposure to marketing terminology and concepts.
Students can expect a high degree of personal attention and interaction with the faculty.
Students can expect a mix of lectures and discussions in the first month.
Students can expect a personal education in relaxed surroundings and a caring environment.
Students can expect a prompt pickup from class to class.
Students can expect a quiz at least once a week.
Students can expect a renewal of mind and a changed consciousness.
Students can expect a reply within one working day.
Students can expect a response as quickly as possible.
Students can expect a rigorous workout and an exciting martial arts experience.
Students can expect a short wait at the helpdesk to return their laptops.
Students can expect a tailored-made course based on their individual needs.
Students can expect a variety of career opportunities in solid state physics and materials science.
Students can expect a variety of in-class and independent exercises.
Students can expect active, hands-on learning.
Students can expect additional expenses for film and supplies.
Students can expect additional expenses relating to books and personal living costs.
Students can expect all the support necessary to achieve their maximum potential.
Students can expect an emphasis on poetic technique as well as content.
Students can expect an in-class assignment or quiz on readings the day they are due.
Students can expect an increase each academic year.
Students can expect an increase in their student loan each year.
Students can expect an institutional commitment to high quality professional education.
Students can expect an on-line course to require the same amount of work as a classroom course.
Students can expect apporximately seven hours of homework a week.
Students can expect case study assignments incorporating research on the internet.
Students can expect considerable flexibility in the format of the course.
Students can expect continued guidance and support during their high school experience.
Students can expect daily assignments, unit tests, and a course project.
Students can expect daily homework assignments.
Students can expect daily workbook assignments, and one or two short compositions weekly.
Students can expect detailed work in both theoretical and practical aspects.
Students can expect essay homework on a weekly basis.
Students can expect every question to be answered within five days.
Students can expect faculty to provide regularly scheduled office hours.
Students can expect flexibility in the format of the course.
Students can expect hands-on learning through a variety of laboratory activities and exercises.
Students can expect hands-on, practical learning experiences in a small class environment.
Students can expect homework nightly.
Students can expect large writing assignments every few weeks.
Students can expect marked assignments to be accompanied by informative comments.
Students can expect more mild temperatures and isolated thunderstorms for the remainder of the week.
Students can expect most classes to be presented in lectures, labs and tutorials.
Students can expect next-day processing, plus mail time, except on weekends.
Students can expect numerous opportunities in which to interact with such visitors.
Students can expect quizzes on assigned material.
Students can expect several hours of homework each night.
Students can expect small classes and individualized attention.
Students can expect some frustration and a lot of personal growth.
Students can expect the basic certification program to last one to two years.
Students can expect the library lab to be available any time that the library building is open.
Students can expect the quizzes to get more difficult as they progress.
Students can expect the tests to be similar to the assigned problems.
Students can expect the tutors to work as a guide for their own writing efforts.
Students can expect their grade to be lowered one letter grade for excessive absenses.
Students can expect their requests to be fulfilled within one month.
Students can expect their studies to include electronic arts alongside the time-honored traditions.
Students can expect thirty minutes of homework per class ses-sion.
Students can expect three to five in class writing assignments during the course of the semester.
Students can expect timely feedback from faculty regarding their academic progress.
Students can expect to achieve a high level of social scientific understanding of the Middle East.
Students can expect to achieve good results.
Students can expect to attend classes at both locations.
Students can expect to attend the summer session following each of the first three spring semesters.
Students can expect to be asked to answer one of a few possible exam questions.
Students can expect to be called on once a week.
Students can expect to be confronted, counseled, advised, and, when warranted, disciplined.
Students can expect to be connected within two weeks of receipt of the network connection request.
Students can expect to be graded frequently and in a variety of ways in each course.
Students can expect to be hot, cold, dirty, and wet, and exposed to some health risks.
Students can expect to be in class approximately two or three hours per day, five days per week.
Students can expect to be involved in any or several aspects of the research process.
Students can expect to be involved in laboratory research throughout their graduate school years.
Students can expect to be meeting and dealing with patients from the beginning of the course.
Students can expect to be meeting and to be dealing with patients from early on in the course.
Students can expect to be meeting and to be dealing with patients from the beginning of the course.
Students can expect to be tested on all assigned readings.
Students can expect to be the group leader on several occasions during the semester.
Students can expect to bear much of the responsibility for guiding discussions.
Students can expect to bear some of the responsibility for guiding discussions.
Students can expect to choose from a broad range of liberal arts courses at all levels.
Students can expect to commute one hour on the bus transferring to a different bus line one time.
Students can expect to complete one semester course in each of the summer sessions.
Students can expect to complete several sketches and two finished drawings.
Students can expect to create home pages with links to sources pertinent to their research.
Students can expect to develop competent communication skills in both Japanese and English.
Students can expect to devote most evenings and weekends to a concentrated work effort.
Students can expect to discover and develop their writing strengths and work on their weaknesses.
Students can expect to discuss any aspect of their thesis nominated by the panel.
Students can expect to do wide reading in the various genre of children s literature.
Students can expect to earn a full quarter of credit.
Students can expect to experience air pollution, noise pollution, and dirty hands.
Students can expect to face daily deadline pressure.
Students can expect to find materials for pleasure reading.
Students can expect to find specialty coffees, teas, hot chocolate, cookies and live entertainment.
Students can expect to get dirty and wet as they learn life science in a hands on setting.
Students can expect to get grade reports on or shortly after the end of the quarter.
Students can expect to give several oral presentations in class, and to take four written tests.
Students can expect to have their teacher for two years.
Students can expect to hear arguments for and against genetically modified foods.
Students can expect to increase working vocabulary and improve skills in basic communications.
Students can expect to learn about many skills through both discussion and hands-on practice.
Students can expect to learn how to salsa, rhumba, tango, fox trot, swing, jive, and waltz.
Students can expect to learn rules of argumentation and how to avoid fallacies.
Students can expect to learn the proper format for television and movie scripts.
Students can expect to meet with a staff member to discuss their academic needs.
Students can expect to often work on teams with other freshmen and a student team leader.
Students can expect to participate in classroom performances.
Students can expect to participate in the care of children with a variety of health conditions.
Students can expect to participate in the evaluation of their peers' performances.
Students can expect to pay NO utilities.
Students can expect to practice critical thinking with various readings, e.g. newspaper editorials.
Students can expect to read at least one book a week for the course.
Students can expect to receive a broad range of opportunities with clients of varied backgrounds.
Students can expect to receive a stipend for the summer.
Students can expect to receive an introduction to the class during the first week of classes.
Students can expect to receive another e-mail or postcard announcing the outcome of the update.
Students can expect to receive e-mails throughout the semester.
Students can expect to receive hands-on experience as early as their freshman year.
Students can expect to receive services that exceed their expectations.
Students can expect to receive supplemental material during the class time.
Students can expect to revise their work regularly.
Students can expect to see instructional administrators periodically visit classes.
Students can expect to see some dramatic changes over the next several months.
Students can expect to sit a number of exams and write an essay or two.
Students can expect to sit a number of exams.
Students can expect to spend a long day outside with the plants.
Students can expect to spend a significant amount of time in outside readings.
Students can expect to spend at least ten hours per day at the school, six days a week.
Students can expect to spend at least two hours each night on homework during the theory portion.
Students can expect to spend at least two hours each night on homework.
Students can expect to spend four to five years completing the Ph.D. degree.
Students can expect to spend twelve hours per day or more at the school, six days a week.
Students can expect to take at least three such tests.
Students can expect to transfer to other colleges and universities with ease.
Students can expect to work on project based assignments.
Students can expect to work together in pairs, and in groups quite a lot of the time.
Students can expect to work with pencil, ink, and watercolor wash on paper.
Students can expect to write approximately ten pages a week.
Students can expect to write approximately twenty pages of essays during the semester.
Students can expect to write between five and ten pages a week.
Students can expect to write bibliographical essays as the primary grading instrument.
Students can expect two papers, a midterm, and a final.
Students can expect two types of acceptance.
Students can expect, in the process, to increase their English vocabulary prodigiously.
Students can experience a new style of teaching methodology.
Students can experience abrupt fluctuations in their condition.
Students can experience an excitement never before possible through traditional educational media.
Students can experience Australian culture, play sports, and make friends.
Students can experience building an on-line test 'paper' with multimedia features.
Students can experience day to day farm operations.
Students can experience directly how the professor is involved in the life of the church.
Students can experience ethnographic research by conducting local field projects.
Students can experience first-hand the integration of field, laboratory and analytical techniques.
Students can experience preparing, cooking and eating an Aztec dietary staple.
Students can experience the actual practice of law in a variety of supervised settings.
Students can experience the cultural aspects of living in North America while learning English.
Students can experience the pleasures of playing on an acoustic piano and electronic keyboards.
Students can experience the scientific method at work under the director of a faculty mentor.
Students can experience the silence and darkness of night through a variety of activities.
Students can experience the thrill of making millions of dollars on paper, or lose their shirts.
Students can experience university life in the United States and learn English at the same time.
Students can experience vicariously the process of historical archaeology.
Students can experiment and experience the arts directly.
Students can experiment by adding air holes, blowing in air, or including soil in some containers.
Students can experiment measuring the volume of their loaves.
Students can experiment to produce new problems and graphs.
Students can experiment using different voice levels and different string tightness.
Students can experiment with an image-thresholding technique of their own design.
Students can experiment with and adjust their models until they work.
Students can experiment with basic mechanics concepts or perform in-depth experiments.
Students can experiment with bottles at room temperature and bottles that have been chilled.
Students can experiment with different possibilities and discover relationships.
Students can experiment with different shapes.
Students can experiment with different sizes of paper to see what frogs make the biggest jumps.
Students can experiment with different sizes of triangles to see what shapes of pyramids result.
Students can experiment with different tools to make holes of different sizes and shapes.
Students can experiment with different values in order to light a bulb.
Students can experiment with putting objects in the freezer.
Students can experiment with the internals of a pretty mature system.
Students can experiment with the same phenomena explored by the large-scale museum exhibit.
Students can experiment with the time.
Students can experiment with various factors to examine rules about safe following distances.
Students can explain any extenuating circumstances and possibly regain temporary eligibility.
Students can explain how each instrument produces sound.
Students can explain how electricity works.
Students can explain how technology can be helpful or destructive depending upon how it is used.
Students can explain how the lyrics reflect the culture and events of today.
Students can explain how to use a cricket to determine the temperature.
Students can explain in words, or use the graph to show the changes.
Students can explain the life cycle stages of the butterflies and moths.
Students can explain their example using correct vocabulary and scientific information.
Students can explain their theories to other students.
Students can explain what they have learned from putting together a collection of their own work.
Students can explore a variety of career paths through several AAAS programs.
Students can explore a variety of lively websites to discover and develop ideas for their writing.
Students can explore a virtual reality program that is highly interactive.
Students can explore a volcano.
Students can explore a wide variety of themes and topics.
Students can explore an atom and take it apart.
Students can explore and do problems in derivatives, mechanics, electricity and magnetism.
Students can explore and expand their proficiency in a variety of math relater topics.
Students can explore and familiarize themselves with the floor plan.
Students can explore and learn how the human body works.
Students can explore and take full advantage of global information sources via the Internet.
Students can explore and take full advantage of global information via the Internet.
Students can explore both team and individual athletics.
Students can explore Buddhist miracles or Hindu miracles.
Students can explore by subject.
Students can explore career and advocation chooses through after school activities.
Students can explore career options and research graduate school possibilities.
Students can explore civic themes and periods using primary sources and interactive programming.
Students can explore create graphs and charts using the data provided in the guide.
Students can explore different jobs by visiting union members outside of school.
Students can explore different situations in geometry right on their computers.
Students can explore dissection at either standard or advanced levels.
Students can explore each theme using examples from photography, fiction, poetry, and essays.
Students can explore early man's attempt at keeping track of and for telling time.
Students can explore forces and the laws that govern forces .
Students can explore habitats in their own area and participate in a survey.
Students can explore how the past lives on in today's world.
Students can explore how to change the problem to involve subtraction instead of addition.
Students can explore Internet sites.
Students can explore landslides, craters, geology, and map the surface of Mars.
Students can explore literatures in the original languages or in translation.
Students can explore many manifestations of slavery, ranging from ancient Greece to modern Asia.
Students can explore math models of interactive atoms and molecules.
Students can explore new career paths, professional sequences, or an enrichment area.
Students can explore new fields of interest or build on subject matter they already enjoy.
Students can explore online.
Students can explore painting, pencil, sculpture, photography, printmaking and pottery.
Students can explore parallel interests in chemistry, geophysics, engineering and computer sciences.
Students can explore real-world situations using real data and imagery.
Students can explore rhythm and movement with objects lying around the classroom and at home.
Students can explore simulations of a house and silversmith workshop in colonial Boston .
Students can explore specific short-term or career service and mission opportunities.
Students can explore square numbers as well as other patterns by using multiplication tables.
Students can explore subjects as diverse as computers in the classroom and environmental education.
Students can explore such topics as Portuguese language and society and the Brazilian novel.
Students can explore tales created by other or submit their own.
Students can explore the career options in forest management with a forestry professional.
Students can explore the complex political, social and economic dynamics of building a new nation.
Students can explore the concepts of iteration and self-similarity, patterns inside patterns.
Students can explore the different types of jet engines and how they work.
Students can explore the digestive, muscular, and endocrine systems.
Students can explore the effects of plants on civilizations in social studies.
Students can explore the exciting world of engineering and engineering technology.
Students can explore the extentions for other activities.
Students can explore the following sites to determine the current exchange rates.
Students can explore the impact of each tax on GDP growth and employment opportunities.
Students can explore the many ways acoustics can be changed.
Students can explore the ocean floor or circle the cosmos.
Students can explore the process of building boxes and other containers.
Students can explore the properties and capabilities of the different types of graphs.
Students can explore the site on their own or in a classroom setting.
Students can explore the states of Mexico as well as the government and history.
Students can explore the themes of visual arts in human culture and history.
Students can explore their own lifestyle in the context of local greenhouse gas emissions.
Students can explore their schoolyard for living and nonliving things.
Students can explore topics from elementary algebra to calculus, and even fractals.
Students can explore topics such as feudal life, religion, homes, health, entertainment, and more.
Students can explore up to four courses in a single form.
Students can explore various combinations.
Students can explore various forms of art by visiting museums on the web.
Students can explore wetlands, bird migration, endangered and extinct species.
Students can explore, visualize, and learn mathematical concepts more easily than ever.
Students can explores daily life in five ancient cultures- Egypt, Greece, Rome, India, and China.
Students can export their files to a diskette for printing at school or add a printer.
Students can express an interest in both types of activities.
Students can express preferences for whether they wish to study in a small town or a major city.
Students can express their knowledge through a presentation, spreadsheet, paper or database.
Students can express their opinions about bills during open forums prior to votes.
Students can express their opinions in symposiums and speeches.
Students can express their own ideas and knowledge.
Students can express their personalities by bringing projects alive with video.
Students can express themselves by submitting original drawings and stories to the site.
Students can extend it into reading by researching great downhill skiers.
Students can extend their service by contacting the cable company.
Students can face up to expulsion for politically incorrect speech.
Students can facilitate service learning courses or co-teach courses with Honors faculty.
Students can fall off the course chosen during the first two weeks.
Students can fasten balloons to the ends of balances with elastics or string.
Students can feel a sense of accomplishment after completing each task.
Students can feel confident that they are learning from accomplished professionals.
Students can feel free to join the youth group if desired.
Students can feel isolated and alone.
Students can feel overwhelmed by the number of results produced by a search engine.
Students can feel secure using campus facilities at all times, day and night.
Students can feel some success as readers even if they're non-readers.
Students can feel that muscle by indulging in a little risibility.
Students can feel the letters and words by tracing over the dried glue.
Students can feel threatened and defensive when they get their first grades in a course.
Students can feel threatened by evaluation, whether from teachers or peers.
Students can figure the batting average of the players they read about in the paper.
Students can file electronically or by sending in an application.
Students can file electronically or on a paper application.
Students can fill in documentation as they study the material.
Students can fill in gaps and add more recent developments.
Students can fill in the sentence with their own imagery.
Students can fill out a form anonymously from any computer detailing the nature of the threat.
Students can fill out a form listing their skills and experiences and create an online resume.
Students can fill out a request form available at the reference desk or checkout counter.
Students can fill out a self assessment for their commercials.
Students can fill out forms that set up reports .
Students can fill out information unique to each application afterward.
Students can fill out insurance worksheets on the computer.
Students can fill out request cards for materials needed.
Students can fill out their application on-line.
Students can finally find some answers to their most common parking questions.
Students can finance fees, books and any other educational expenses as incurred.
Students can find a book on a subject or title using the online library catalog.
Students can find a listing of upcoming assignments online.
Students can find a local masseuses to relieve the stress of college life.
Students can find a pleasure book or do research in our upgraded library.
Students can find a variety ofactivities to experience.
Students can find abundant graptolites in boulders along the paved trail at the park.
Students can find active research going on in almost all areas of the molecular biosciences.
Students can find activities near campus.
Students can find actual weather maps, so they can try a forecast for the next days.
Students can find affordable, instructor-led training through participating institutions.
Students can find all the details on the Web that are printed in the brochures.
Students can find all the information on requirements, written tests, kata and events here.
Students can find all the tools to create portfolios and presentations.
Students can find and cut out magazine pictures of products that come from rain forests.
Students can find and make use of secondary data.
Students can find answers to many topics of inquiry here.
Students can find apartments off-campus, if they are willing to take public transportation.
Students can find barbeque grilles and picnic tables for pleasant outdoor gatherings.
Students can find comfortable apartments within walking distance to the campus.
Students can find convenient arrangements at local farm holidays and private houses.
Students can find course information by clicking the following options.
Students can find courses by course name or by instructor name .
Students can find courses by course name or by instructor name.
Students can find courses by semester, meeting time, classroom, and discipline.
Students can find electronic versions of hand-outs, course syllabi, and course readings .
Students can find employment in a variety of clinical settings.
Students can find enrichment and support through a variety of student groups.
Students can find examples from the collection that illustrate events on the timeline.
Students can find from one source myriads of information.
Students can find fun facts about dreams and activities.
Students can find games and puzzles and parents can track students' progress.
Students can find help to complete their tax returns from a few different places.
Students can find homework help, get library research tips, and participate in online field trips.
Students can find housing near the campus in varying price ranges depending upon requirements.
Students can find important information about international law here.
Students can find information about volcanoes and see pictures of volcanoes.
Students can find information and help for the math concepts on the web.
Students can find information by using the Internet.
Students can find information here about Pennsylvania's requirements to sit for the CPA exam.
Students can find information in newspapers, references books, library, etc.
Students can find information of a vast amount of topics.
Students can find information on how to get loans to start a new business on the Internet.
Students can find information on local, state, and world events.
Students can find information on Venus using the Internet.
Students can find information related to their specialties.
Students can find instruction, conversation and answers on the Internet.
Students can find jobs in interactive multimedia and digital.
Students can find kelp recipes and instructions to make seaweed presses.
Students can find keypal listings from all over the world.
Students can find links to good sources of information on what they are studying in school.
Students can find links to the best study guides and tutorials to help improve their grades.
Students can find links to universities and language courses.
Students can find listings of summer jobs and other work experiences.
Students can find locations on the globe by using longitude and latitude together.
Students can find many opportunities on campus to be involved in their field.
Students can find materials related to the early history of the sport.
Students can find more information here .
Students can find more information on interviewing at the below websites.
Students can find more materials about their topic more quickly than ever. . .
Students can find much information about the trees, plants, and animals.
Students can find notes and games to help with homework.
Students can find only one answer from each person.
Students can find other occupations that also use area and volume in their every day lives.
Students can find out about an employee issue.
Students can find out about famous people using the net.
Students can find out about financial aid availabilities, and search for jobs on the internet.
Students can find out about good nutrition, ask nutrition questions, and play games.
Students can find out about testing hardness, color, streak, fracture, and more.
Students can find out about the bands and how they're doing by going to the website.
Students can find out about the culture, language, and history of the Pueblo peoples.
Students can find out by counting their own pulse.
Students can find out facts about water use and how it is replenished.
Students can find out how businesses sell products to other businesses.
Students can find out how close their predictions are.
Students can find out how much they'll be spending at the bookstore for course materials too.
Students can find out how to post their resumes .
Students can find out if their answers are correct, as well as return to unanswered questions.
Students can find out if they meet required skill levels by taking placement tests.
Students can find out more about interviewing schedules and other information here.
Students can find out more on gene testing at the following website, which is arranged in chapters.
Students can find out the current weather conditions in Milton.
Students can find out the latest information posted on the bulletin boards in the hall.
Students can find out the results from their advisors.
Students can find out their Congressional Districts by looking at their parents' voters.
Students can find out their GPA by asking their guidance counselor.
Students can find out using a very simple soil thermometer.
Students can find out what to wear, what to bring and the schedule of events through the site.
Students can find out what to wear, what to bring, and the schedule of events through the site.
Students can find out whom to write to in order to protect animals and the earth.
Students can find paid employment in the scene shop , the costume shop , and working lights .
Students can find part-time employment assisting faculty in the department.
Students can find photographs of people on the job.
Students can find pictures of baseball fans by searching on spectators and World Series .
Students can find programs tailor-made to their needs.
Students can find quiet for studying in the library.
Students can find research resources for a particular course.
Students can find safe, reasonably priced accommodations within a few minutes' walk of the campus.
Students can find similarities and differences between each cat's region and their own home.
Students can find spots on other teams if interested.
Students can find sub-sets of information in an electronic reserve collection.
Students can find suitable inexpensive housing within bicycling or walking distance of the campus.
Students can find the animals that are indigenous to each country.
Students can find the answers on the sites listed by working in pairs.
Students can find the answers to the assigned homework problems in the back of the textbook.
Students can find the information in their reporters' notebook .
Students can find the information on the Internet or through a pen-pal program.
Students can find the information on their trading cards or any book from the classroom or library.
Students can find the number of paper clips they have at home.
Students can find the resources for starting a personal finance strategy.
Students can find the subject, title, or author of their favorite poems with a few quick keystrokes.
Students can find the volume of the box by measuring the volume or the weight of water it contains.
Students can find their age and weight on the nine planets.
Students can find their cash stretching further here than in many otherparts of the country.
Students can find their lives transformed in unexpected ways.
Students can find their own version of the Bible.
Students can find themselves kicked out of classes or even academic programs.
Students can find topics with explanations, formulae, diagrams, and examples.
Students can find topics, ideas, and assistance for school related research projects.
Students can find two or three gathered in silent or spoken prayer in a variety of situations.
Students can find various sources of information pertaining to related classes.
Students can find, complete and submit their work online.
Students can fine tune math skills through fun games and activities.
Students can finish about two-thirds of the overall requirements by the time they graduate.
Students can finish all four groups of courses in two years.
Students can finish in only a few weeks.
Students can finish off their story by coloring the train with their crayons.
Students can first apply for Co-op in their second term.
Students can first navigate on grids by using landmarks.
Students can fit more of their coursework into convenient times.
Students can fit the instruction into their own schedules.
Students can flash an activity card and get in free.
Students can fly on their own.
Students can fly the aircraft on their home computer.
Students can focus in on romance, science fiction, children's literature, or mysteries.
Students can focus on a multimedia project or a visualization project.
Students can focus on a wide variety of research specialties.
Students can focus on any section or topic contained in the course syllabus.
Students can focus on developing, testing, and deploying real-time software.
Students can focus on educational applications, instructional systems or marketing applications.
Students can focus on fewer subjects.
Students can focus on formulating valid sets of equations.
Students can focus on history, art history, classical studies, philosophy, or drama.
Students can focus on issues or problems ranging in scale from local to global.
Students can focus on learning the proper bibliography formats by working with one book at a time.
Students can focus on literature, linguistics, or language pedagogy as fields of specialization.
Students can focus on the important roles of microbes, ranging from nutrient cycling to disease.
Students can focus on their choice of media after completing a variety of pre-requisite projects.
Students can focus on understanding concepts rather than copying all the notes.
Students can focus their project work on issues they are facing at their jobs.
Students can focus their studies in one area, or a combination.
Students can focus their studies in the area of adult or pediatric acute care.
Students can focus their studies on polymer science or semiconductor processing.
Students can follow a prescriptive plan, or design their own course of study.
Students can follow a specific tour or go on their own to the cities they're most interested in.
Students can follow a task card, with symbols representing where they are to be.
Students can follow a tutorial and learn more about the Internet.
Students can follow along while listening to the audiocassette.
Students can follow and develop special interests .
Students can follow courses which are full time and lead into employment or higher education study.
Students can follow easily by just looking at the screen and practice writing next to the model.
Students can follow easily by just looking at the screen and using the practice mode.
Students can follow either an area of concentration or an honours degree program.
Students can follow normal classroom exercises or some special activities can be developed.
Students can follow one of three siblings through the story.
Students can follow our courses from anywhere in the world.
Students can follow piano and vocal score.
Students can follow scientists and explorers reporting on science as it happens.
Students can follow the dig as it happens and eMail their questions to the researchers.
Students can follow the election through the coverage provided by their peers.
Students can follow the English national curriculum modifie.
Students can follow the expedition in sections of the trip.
Students can follow the launch of a space shuttle or track a hurricane practically minute by minute.
Students can follow the movement and the effects on the people.
Students can follow the number sequence to make flying paper songbirds.
Students can follow the path of the Olympic torch as it moves around Australia.
Students can follow the process of mohair from goat's back to finished garment.
Students can follow the text as they listen to the narrator model fluent reading.
Students can follow the web of relationships and allegiances under which they lived.
Students can follow the wolves as they wander through.
Students can follow their most intense train of thought.
Students can follow their own direction with the approval of the instructor.
Students can follow up their postcard reports by designing a larger than life postage stamp.
Students can follow verbal and written directions.
Students can follow written or oral directions, and complete tasks in a sequence.
Students can force-add into the blocks if necessary.
Students can forecast weather in their geographical area.
Students can form a groups and deliver oral reports of their findings.
Students can form close, lasting relationships with other members of their group.
Students can form cooperative groups to conduct research and present information.
Students can form opinions, take stands, and debate issues.
Students can form study groups to motivate themselves and each other.
Students can form teams and compete to win the team group prize.
Students can formally appeal final grades only.
Students can formally take courses in other departments.
Students can formulate deductive arguments about their conjectures.
Students can formulate for themselves the underlying conceptual continuities in the field.
Students can formulate knowledge connections in a wide array of ways.
Students can formulate their own questions and compare the results with their on-line classmates.
Students can formulate their own questions.
Students can foster that ability by formulating a thesis statement for any reading that they do.
Students can freely interact with one another and with the instructor.
Students can freely transfer between the on-campus and distance education modes.
Students can freewrite in sentences, or can use listing or clustering techniques.
Students can fulfill degree requirements while agencies can take advantage of a service at no cost.
Students can fulfill service hours.
Students can fulfill the writing requirement by successfully completing a Writing Seminar .
Students can fulfill their requirements through either of our two Cores.
Students can further experiment by changing the weight.
Students can further their education in many ways by using the video conferencing link ups.
Students can gain a firm understanding of the fundamentals of American government in five weeks.
Students can gain a greater understanding of their role in the perpetuation of museums in Texas.
Students can gain a higher education in a variety of ways at a pace that suits the individual.
Students can gain academic credit through membership in the group.
Students can gain access at any time, day or night, with a pass key.
Students can gain access to help through the software.
Students can gain access to their charts by appointment with their provider.
Students can gain active experience in fields such as statistics, where technology serves as a tool.
Students can gain advanced knowledge in our industry.
Students can gain an appreciation for the abilities and skills required to survive.
Students can gain career-related experience by volunteering in an area related to their major.
Students can gain credit hours for working in the greenhouse.
Students can gain critical thinking and group skills.
Students can gain experience at school stations.
Students can gain experience by working with local and national companies in a variety of areas.
Students can gain experience in clinical medicine and clinical investigation.
Students can gain experience in the art of fundraising in their membership department.
Students can gain experience teaching both discussion and laboratory sections.
Students can gain extensive experience in paralegal intern programs.
Students can gain firsthand experience in marketing, sales, and advertising.
Students can gain firsthand experience with engineering design drawing in the drafting room.
Students can gain from both giving of suggestions and receiving of answers.
Students can gain geometry knowledge while polishing mental arithmetic skills.
Students can gain greater specification in many areas by electing advanced specialty courses.
Students can gain hands-on experience teaching skills to people with developmental disabilities.
Students can gain instruction in the use of e-mail, ftp, gopher and the World Wide Web.
Students can gain multicamera video production experience in studio and on location.
Students can gain new insights into their academic studies from new-media course materials.
Students can gain other academic credits while studying in the English immersion program.
Students can gain practical career-related work experience in any of the member countries.
Students can gain practical experience through projects outside the classroom.
Students can gain practical experience while in school through internships and editorial positions.
Students can gain practicum credit by working with the paper.
Students can gain solid understanding of prompts by reading and discussing many, many prompts.
Students can gain specific knowledge and interact with the people of a pretty diverse community.
Students can gain test taking experience with practice questions given at the site.
Students can gain that access and exposure to various ideas through telecommunications experiences.
Students can gain their master's or Ph.D., or acquire another bachelor's degree.
Students can gain tuition scholarships for four years if they maintain an adequate grade point.
Students can gain valuable experience in data collection and geologic mapping.
Students can gain valuable experience in managing a large artistic and cultural event.
Students can gain valuable exposure from professors who are involved in research.
Students can gather and identify the seed-containing structures of a variety of plants.
Students can gather around the flagpole to pray before school.
Students can gather data regarding trends in population.
Students can gather facts about wasting water.
Students can gather in a semicircle on the floor around the teacher.
Students can gather in small groups to talk, or they can read and draw on their own.
Students can gather information about tests, admissions, internships and career programs.
Students can gather information and send it to the web site for inclusion into the program.
Students can gather information by province on fishing quantities, fisheries, and other trends.
Students can gather information on internship opportunities and services.
Students can gather information regarding all of Ohio's governmental agencies.
Students can gather other objects four feet long.
Students can gather pledges and win really cool prizes while raising funds for a worthy cause.
Students can gather voluntarily before, during and after ballgames to pray.
Students can gather, discuss the seminar questions and complete assignments as a group.
Students can generally begin the program in any semester.
Students can generally complete the required courses in two to three semesters.
Students can generally enroll in co-ops as early as the sophomore year.
Students can generally expect their lot to be plowed three to four days after a heavy snow storm.
Students can generally expect their own private rooms and shared bathrooms with hot water.
Students can generally obtain tickets to most performances at discounted rates.
Students can generate follow up research ideas from a presentation of the literature.
Students can generate ideas in large groups, small groups, or individually.
Students can generate permanent printed records of what they learned.
Students can generate their own ideas.
Students can get a customized tour of the world, without ever leaving the classroom.
Students can get a feedback by clicking on the check button.
Students can get a feel for how data analysis is accomplished.
Students can get a feel for the political and cultural structures that existed under communism.
Students can get a free pizza if they come and fill out an application.
Students can get a free ticket with their student I.D. card.
Students can get a full fitness evaluation called a Personal Fitness Profile.
Students can get a lot of information of the function with the differentiated function.
Students can get a password from their schools media specialists for home access.
Students can get a satellite image of the latest weather maps anywhere in the world.
Students can get a sense of life by visiting.
Students can get a significant amount of detail from existing sites on the web.
Students can get a start on trades training in secondary school.
Students can get a taste of Inuit art by looking at the scanned photographs of different pieces.
Students can get academic credit for reading the Bible.
Students can get additional information from their university career placement office.
Students can get additional training in particular disciplines.
Students can get advice on the matter of physical und mental health.
Students can get an unofficial transcript for themselves at no cost, upon request.
Students can get answers to math questions.
Students can get apple facts here to produce an apple project.
Students can get application forms from their English professors.
Students can get around easily by bus for very reasonable prices, both locally and nationally.
Students can get as involved as they want.
Students can get as many tickets as they want.
Students can get assistance with personal budgeting, debt management, and credit-card usage.
Students can get assistance with resume writing, interview skills and tips on interview dress.
Students can get away temporarily, though.
Students can get books individually from any bookstore.
Students can get candy during the lunch period.
Students can get college credit for an internship.
Students can get computers from the cart.
Students can get credit by registering in an appropriate course in their home program.
Students can get discount memberships as well.
Students can get discount tickets to many events.
Students can get email access.
Students can get everything from deli, pizza and fast food to Italian and international dishes.
Students can get extra tutoring at after school SAFE program.
Students can get fact sheets and bibliographies on some of our more popular topics.
Students can get fake IDs and drink anyway.
Students can get familiar with university exams and test their knowledge at that stage.
Students can get financial support towards the cost of tuition and towards their living costs.
Students can get first-year credit for some courses and enter the second year directly.
Students can get forms from their teachers.
Students can get free e-mail and Web accounts while enrolled.
Students can get great, easy to read resource guides on the latest terms and hardware trends.
Students can get guidance on preparing effective and relevant cover letters.
Students can get half-price tickets.
Students can get help easily via a user support e-mail address.
Students can get help finding places or help with calculations.
Students can get help for any segment of campus life.
Students can get help from teachers after school.
Students can get help in finding faculty mentors for their research projects.
Students can get help in structuring their writing assignments through peer critique.
Students can get help on a walk-in basis.
Students can get help or check their answers by clicking an appropriate button.
Students can get help via e-mail or in the course newsgroups or forums.
Students can get help with homework and research.
Students can get help with resumes, interviewing, portfolios, and more.
Students can get help with their studies free of charge at our tutoring lab .
Students can get help writing central idea sentences.
Students can get helpful hints for difficult problems via hints link.
Students can get ideas for companies from just about everywhere.
Students can get ideas in planning their science fair project.
Students can get immediate feedback of quiz results.
Students can get immediate feedback when they press the keys.
Students can get in free.
Students can get individualized help with research papers and projects.
Students can get information about assignments, and submit their own assignments.
Students can get information about jobs available in the metro Oklahoma City area.
Students can get information about the schools and sign up to receive updates and applications.
Students can get information from the state or dependency to which they are going.
Students can get information on internship and volunteer opportunities through their major adviser.
Students can get information or do research.
Students can get information, talk to faculty members, and see the campus first-hand.
Students can get into a rut if given too much time in groups.
Students can get into difficulty twice as fast.
Students can get key chains, books, pizza parties, ice cream socials, through rich reading coupons.
Students can get lessons from teachers or their peers.
Students can get missed work by calling a friend, or having a friend bring the work home.
Students can get more details by checking out how it works .
Students can get more information from the school office.
Students can get more information when planning their schedules.
Students can get more value from their training by moving to the Web.
Students can get much more texture and vibrant color with acrylic.
Students can get off course in regard to their wellness.
Students can get on a team or the newspaper staff early on in their college career.
Students can get on one at a time throughout the day.
Students can get on the Web site and understand how it works.
Students can 'get on the Web' within the first week of class.
Students can get one of twelve hundred jobs available on-campus that build skills.
Students can get online help for classes they have difficulty in.
Students can get online tutoring in many subjects for a fee.
Students can get out of the system if they know how.
Students can get prompt feedback after completing their quiz.
Students can get recommendations for medical doctors, dentists, etc.
Students can get research material by way of personal interviews and direct answers.
Students can get school credit, but needs to be approved by the professor before coming to France.
Students can get seconds on all beverages and most food items.
Students can get several credit cards with very little effort.
Students can get some extra help after school.
Students can get some great advice and answers online.
Students can get some idea of what requirements are.
Students can get special dispensation and take un-timed college boards or SATs.
Students can get special half-price tickets at the door of any performance if seats are available.
Students can get templates for common patterns of organization.
Students can get the e-mail address of all the class members from the class list on the net .
Students can get the latest songs or their favorite oldies for free off the Internet.
Students can get the results immediately.
Students can get the same estimate for a problem using two or more very different strategies.
Students can get the things they want, like a fireplace, or porch.
Students can get their homework assignments online.
Students can get their score only after graduation.
Students can get there only by boat.
Students can get tickets at a discount.
Students can get tired of reading plain text online.
Students can get to computers.
Students can get to know their classmates and instructors.
Students can get together for a bite to eat or stimulating conversation around the clock.
Students can get tons of non-reputable information on the web.
Students can get up and running for simple things with only a few commands.
Students can get up to two hours of individual assistance per week per subject.
Students can get valuable experience if their service is related to their major.
Students can get valuable information on local area rentals.
Students can get very confused by the fact that the cards are dealt sequentially.
Students can get very involved and see first hand the health effects.
Students can give a clear and organized scientific presentation.
Students can give a verbal report on their favorite site and how it was accessed.
Students can give an indefinite number of incorrect responses without receiving any additional help.
Students can give an oral report or write a newspaper article of their interview.
Students can give announcements about projects done by their classes.
Students can give any course they take their total concentration.
Students can give employers a reasonable estimate of when they expect to receive work authorization.
Students can give individual or group presentations.
Students can give proofs of various formulas using the technique of mathematical induction.
Students can glean information from each other and learn to work independently.
Students can glue the words on paper and then draw pictures to go with their story.
Students can glue their notecards onto construction paper and decorate.
Students can go a year without seeing their counselor, say some in the profession.
Students can go almost anywhere.
Students can go and study abroad on a scholarship for one or two consecuvtive semesters.
Students can go anywhere to grab a ball and throw.
Students can go at their own speed because teaching over the internet is forgiving of speed.
Students can go back and add to their writing as their understanding expands.
Students can go back or move ahead a month by clicking on the buttons below the calendar.
Students can go backstage where they meet the musicians, enjoy refreshments and win door prizes.
Students can go climbing, horseback riding, or sailing.
Students can go directly on-line to file their resumes and correspond with employers.
Students can go directly to our two web sites to use the links provided.
Students can go door to door educating residents about the watershed to which their drains lead.
Students can go for a semester or a year long program.
Students can go for a semester to a year.
Students can go for a summer session, semester, or a year.
Students can go for a year, a semester or a summer.
Students can go for different lengths of time, ranging from a summer to a full year.
Students can go for two months or for an entire year.
Students can go from registration to their first lesson in minutes.
Students can go here to play math games dealing with geometry and the metric system.
Students can go in pairs.
Students can go just about anywhere to use a lab.
Students can go on a virtual field trip to many different countries around the world.
Students can go on line for study groups, and to discuss professional development issues.
Students can go on line to a missing children's site and learn important tips.
Students can go on studying in specializes schools for two extra years if they wish.
Students can go on to grad school or become jazz performers, writers or producers.
Students can go on-line and download free performances of the pieces they're trying to learn.
Students can go online and find out some facts about donkeys.
Students can go online and use the scientific method to research the causes of the Gulf Stream.
Students can go online for help on any subject offered at their school.
Students can go on-line to learn about monarch butterflies, their lifecycle and natural populations.
Students can go online with a question, post it, and recieve feedback from their peers.
Students can go onto the playground to act out some of their examples.
Students can go out to eat at several nearby restaurants and fast food places.
Students can go out with reporters to shoot stories.
Students can go outside of the school at lunchtime.
Students can go outside or back inside at any time during the period.
Students can go the class homepage and reference it for information and assignments.
Students can go there and get a variety of chips, candy, sandwiches and snack cakes.
Students can go there before class or when their work is done.
Students can go there, of course, for religious services, spiritual direction, and meditation.
Students can go through each frame on all the layers of the earth.
Students can go to a boys or girls only school, or to a school that accepts both boys and girls.
Students can go to a site to try interactive sample test questions.
Students can go to all sorts of schools at public expense.
Students can go to any adult for help.
Students can go to any building on campus without ever walking outside.
Students can go to any instructor or TA for questions.
Students can go to financial aid here and get stipends and loans.
Students can go to local library or ask neighbors for ghost stories or legends about their tribe.
Students can go to most countries in the world where the region has established exchange agreements.
Students can go to one central location for all their computer needs.
Students can go to our online office, type a question into a form, and submit the question.
Students can go to plays, shows, sporting events, dances, clubs, and more.
Students can go to the Cafeteria to listen while astronomers talk informally.
Students can go to the library to find records or CDs of music from different cultures.
Students can go to the site and print worksheets whenever classwork is completed, and corrected.
Students can go to the travel center to get ideas and words, the art room to draw, stamp, etc.
Students can go to the website to get help for their homework.
Students can go to their pharmacy of choice to have their prescriptions filled.
Students can go to Web sites listed below to learn more about new product naming.
Students can go to wherever to make their own portals.
Students can go to work or go further and complete their bachelor s degree.
Students can go up to the board and read their classmate's work.
Students can go whale-watching, surfing and swimming.
Students can graduate at the end of year-four with a BSc honours degree.
Students can graduate in four years.
Students can graduate sooner by completing classes year-round.
Students can graduate whenever they finish the requirements of their program.
Students can graduate with a Bachelor of Laws degree after a further two years study of law.
Students can graduate with either a MA or MSc depending on the modules they choose.
Students can graduate with more than a degree by participating in our internship program.
Students can graduate without attending ceremonies.
Students can graduate without ever having a close relationship with a teacher.
Students can grap a quick snack, soda pop, juice or snack on their way to class.
Students can graph linear and quadratic equations.
Students can graph on paper or graphing calculators.
Students can graph ordered pairs on a coordinate plane.
Students can graph products from the rain forests.
Students can graph the data from their table.
Students can graph the observations in the list above on a prepared graph template.
Students can graph the relationship between the mass of the balloon and altitude obtained.
Students can graph the results and determine whether the graph is linear.
Students can graph their data to illustrate their isotope's rate of decay.
Students can graph their results and compare graphs to other students.
Students can greatly enhance their estimation ability through calculator use.
Students can greatly improve their reading skills as they experience success and develop confidence.
Students can greatly improve their writing skills as they are successful and build confidence.
Students can greet participants and hand out materials.
Students can group together to get a car and share the driving and the costs.
Students can grow both culturally and socially.
Students can grow brain cells by becoming involved with or contributing to the site.
Students can grow in an accepting, welcoming atmosphere.
Students can grow stronger and faster academically because of the personal attention.
Students can guard their important email by creating a personal folder.
Students can guess at answers.
Students can handle items and discuss their uses.
Students can handle the spreadsheet projects well.
Students can handwrite the essay, or word processing is available on a limited basis.
Students can hang items on the walls with tacks only.
Students can hang their stained glass pictures in the window to catch the sun.
Students can hang up their own piece of artwork.
Students can have a better understand of fractions if the fractions are seen.
Students can have a choice in selecting their final project.
Students can have a cognate area .
Students can have a complete and enjoyable college experience without drinking or using drugs.
Students can have a copy of the assembly drawings that are included in the portfolio.
Students can have a daily action list.
Students can have a direct part in designing the semester.
Students can have a first hand experience with a subject that is right in their own backyard.
Students can have a free choice of one half-module elective at each stage.
Students can have a full-fledged office suite compatible with anything they have at home.
Students can have a lot of relevant information related to studies online.
Students can have a phone installed as each room has a phone jack.
Students can have a rich opportunity to create, design, and problem-solve.
Students can have a role in decisions.
Students can have a shared workspace, discuss in newsgroups, use email.
Students can have a technician set up their computers for remote access only.
Students can have a tee shirt contest.
Students can have a valuable learning experience while helping communities and organizations.
Students can have a world-wide network of pen pals.
Students can have accounts here, and just withdraw a little bit of money at a time.
Students can have active roles in the contact of companies and learn leadership skills.
Students can have an escort to their car or any location within a two mile radius of campus.
Students can have an impact.
Students can have an ongoing project recording the names of birds they have observed or read about.
Students can have computer related questions answered by the lab staff.
Students can have demonstrations.
Students can have discussions, role play, or re-enact historical events.
Students can have extra time to finish.
Students can have food delivered to their residence hall or off-campus home.
Students can have full Internet and campus network access.
Students can have fun acting our certain symptoms.
Students can have fun and learn about life all at the same time.
Students can have fun while improving their grammar and proofreading skills.
Students can have fun while learning about the Amish way of life.
Students can have ideas.
Students can have immediate access to their materials from anywhere in the world.
Students can have mediations with trained mediators that have been selected by their peers.
Students can have more fun learning.
Students can have more than one chance to pass an exam.
Students can have much greater control of the image.
Students can have much more influence via placement on key committees.
Students can have multiple appointments.
Students can have network access at all times from the designated computer room.
Students can have no more than two books borrowed through reciprocal agreements at any given time.
Students can have pages also.
Students can have problems finding their way through unfamiliar territory.
Students can have problems if everything that is being presented in class is difficult to capture.
Students can have problems reclaiming deposits.
Students can have refunds directly deposited into their bank accounts.
Students can have schedules changed to a new location by contacting an advisor.
Students can have scores sent directly to the university from the testing organization.
Students can have secure access to any or all of their test, homework, lab, or project grades.
Students can have small microwave ovens, but other cooking appliances are limited.
Students can have speedy feedback from tutors if they can access email.
Students can have stipends and other bursar related refunds deposited.
Students can have team as well as individual grades.
Students can have the computer generate random concepts, or they can create their own concepts.
Students can have the computer pace their reading at any of nine different speeds.
Students can have the course listed either way on their records.
Students can have the same material come through a computer scene regardless of where they live.
Students can have their blood pressure and cholesterol checked.
Students can have their classroom writing projects turned into books.
Students can have their own bedroom, and depending on the unit, their own kitchen and bathroom.
Students can have their own Web pages.
Students can have their resumes and portfolios reviewed by a professional.
Students can have unused points at the end of the semester.
Students can have up to five items checked out at one time.
Students can have up to twenty extra-curricular hours a month of group activities .
Students can have up to twenty extra-curricular hours a month of group activities.
Students can have virtually any background.
Students can havefun by making their own problem frogs and lily pads.
Students can hear a question or read a question.
Students can hear and learn to read , say , and spell any word they choose to explore.
Students can hear common phrases in the language they select.
Students can hear different English accents in the listening exercises.
Students can hear each letter, word and sentence as they type.
Students can hear firsthand what books are popular with other readers.
Students can hear inaccuracies or omissions in their writing.
Students can HEAR it when they are interacting in teams.
Students can hear the audio of the speeches given by the presidential candidates.
Students can hear the difference tempo makes to a piece by changing it in real time.
Students can hear the poets read three of their poems while following the text on the screen.
Students can hear the pronunciation of the names of specific parts.
Students can hear the sound replayed as often as necessary, and record their voices for comparison.
Students can hear the teacher in every part of the classroom.
Students can hear the words repeatedly and test themselves as often as they wish.
Students can hear their work read aloud or record their own words.
Students can hear themselves pronounce words in English to improve pronunciation.
Students can hear what sounds insects can make.
Students can help aid.
Students can help and encourage one another and often do.
Students can help by applying for an internship position in the museum and archives.
Students can help clean a local park.
Students can help conserve by turning out lights when they leave an empty classroom.
Students can help design the survey and collect results.
Students can help deter crime by watching for and reporting suspicious or disruptive activities.
Students can help each other avoid alcohol abuse.
Students can help in setting the criteria for the unit project.
Students can help interpret assessment results.
Students can help make the banners or continue regular classwork.
Students can help one another more readily, and there's just far less down time.
Students can help others, learn, and have fun at the same time.
Students can help out - while earning money for school.
Students can help shape public policy as well as assist people seeking legal information.
Students can help shape the future of zoos.
Students can help their hosts learn more about other cultures.
Students can help their peers and younger children in many ways.
Students can help themselves to cookies and iced tea while they wait to sell their books.
Students can help to convey that attitude.
Students can help to earn a positive recommendation by accumulating progress points.
Students can help to place the photos in the correct sequence within a photo album.
Students can help tremendously and also learn much from the staff.
Students can help with creative designs and ideas.
Students can help with demonstrations or be broken into groups to try an activity.
Students can help, too.
Students can hide behind the table as they hold and manipulate the puppets above the table's edge.
Students can hide in a group for a long time.
Students can highlight a segment of music and work on it over and over.
Students can highlight key sentences electronically, and remove highlighting when necessary.
Students can highlight specific sections of text and can make annotations in the margins.
Students can highlight text and make notes that enhance their understanding of the material.
Students can hire cars locally at a fairly reasonable price.
Students can hire TV's from the city.
Students can hit golf balls at a driving range.
Students can hit the ball twice in a row if they want.
Students can hold a class contest to see who can locate the most butterflies in their area.
Students can hold a debate on the pros and cons of federal land management.
Students can hold the handles if they feel comfortable.
Students can hook to the Internet practically anywhere on campus there is a computer.
Students can host an open house for their interviewees during which they present their displays.
Students can however also apply during second year.
Students can identify a computer keyboard, monitor, mouse, mousepad, and CD-Rom drive.
Students can identify a place, person, activity, or idea of one interest group.
Students can identify and take on specific roles in the planning and implementation of the concert.
Students can identify and underline the roles of advertising mentioned in the article.
Students can identify at least one interest group in their school and at least one in the community.
Students can identify at least one interest group in their school or community.
Students can identify benefits of diffusion of foods throughout the world.
Students can identify career options.
Students can identify categories of work that match their interests.
Students can identify common stressors and health risks for physicians.
Students can identify insect parts.
Students can identify instruments of the band and orchestra by sight and sound.
Students can identify interests, skills, educational preference, values and aspirations.
Students can identify items or people including friends or family.
Students can identify note names and note values using both standard notation and stem notation.
Students can identify places in the world where there is ice or snow.
Students can identify plant and animal fossils.
Students can identify relationships about preventing disease and recovering from illness.
Students can identify relationships between high risk situations and their health.
Students can identify relationships between the many factors that influence their health.
Students can identify relationships between their behavior and the health of their families.
Students can identify the artworld as an interest group.
Students can identify the common literary devices and styles of a poem.
Students can identify the fish in the tank using the cards on the ledge near the bottom of the tank.
Students can identify the temperature at any site by comparing the dot color to a key.
Students can identify the types of webs found and in which environment they are located.
Students can identify what each primary source tells about the writer and the war.
Students can illustrate and label the pages with information discovered.
Students can illustrate each reason.
Students can illustrate events in their time line using documents from the collection.
Students can illustrate many fractions at one time.
Students can illustrate their essay.
Students can illustrate their legend when they are finished.
Students can illustrate their poems by inserting pictures they have created.
Students can illustrate their sentences.
Students can illustrate their story using software, or drawings.
Students can illustrate their works.
Students can illustrate then using magazines or drawing.
Students can immediately ask questions about their writing and receive assistance.
Students can immediately see the difference from coursepacks they've purchased in previous terms.
Students can immediately use their keyboarding skill for composition and school reports.
Students can immerse themselves in a difference culture.
Students can implement strategies required to solve open-ended problems.
Students can import and export their essays from a word processor.
Students can improve academic skills, make up credits, or earn a high school diploma.
Students can improve spelling by creating word family lists as new rules are learned.
Students can improve the quality of care provided to patients and save the physician time.
Students can improve their English skill through making friends.
Students can improve their English skills using many programs in the lab.
Students can improve their final grade by making one oral presentation in the class.
Students can improve their listening comprehension while they are listening to audio clips.
Students can improve their reading, writing, math, science and social skills through participation.
Students can improve their science averages with the help of a certified scientist.
Students can improve their skills and earn valuable prizes at the same time.
Students can improve their speaking, listening, reading, and writing skills.
Students can include a gif or a jpg file when they submit their solution.
Students can include in their degree minors from other faculties according to their own interests.
Students can include sound, still, and moving image within their work.
Students can include stories about stalactites and stalagmites.
Students can include tests they make up in their portfolios.
Students can include the name of their school or teacher.
Students can include their glossaries in their portfolios.
Students can incorporate a restoration emphasis into their undergraduate and graduate programs.
Students can incorporate audio, image and video files of the material they are analyzing.
Students can incorporate graphics from the internet as a means of illustrating projects.
Students can incorporate sound and animation into the database.
Students can incorporate their own symbols into the design.
Students can increase their chances of receiving a scholarship by applying for as many as they can.
Students can increase their understanding of specific specialty areas within nursing.
Students can independently arrange their own study abroad.
Students can indicate on the form that they'd be interested and then they can be randomly selected.
Students can indicate problems in a list on their doors.
Students can indicate their first, second, and third choice of anchor school within their triad.
Students can individualize class projects to meet their own learning goals.
Students can individualize programs of study provided there is advisor approval.
Students can individualize their programs to suit their thesis research topic.
Students can individually plan their level of activity.
Students can induce leaf segments to form plantlets identical to their parent.
Students can influence their teachers.
Students can initiate and master information retrieval skills necessary for lifelong learning.
Students can initiate interest with employers.
Students can initiate video conferences with local experts or with students at other schools.
Students can input data and draw or redraw spectral intensity graphs.
Students can input their comment on the performance of their own and of other students.
Students can inquire about loans and have questions answered in real time.
Students can inscribe an octagon using perpendicular and angle bisectors.
Students can inscribe their initials and date in the slightly-soft plaster with a twig or pencil.
Students can insert reports, pictures or drawings into their page.
Students can insert text, manipulate spreadsheets and work collaboratively on graphics.
Students can inspire or discourage the teacher and vice versa.
Students can install a copy at home at no cost.
Students can instantly pinpoint a given word, quote, or passage.
Students can instantly review or replay any portion of the materials.
Students can interact via e-mail with other students in the course, as well as the instructor.
Students can interact with a question until they are ready to move on to the next one.
Students can interact with a remote instructor by audio, video, and keyboard.
Students can interact with each other and find out about food, and cultural traditions.
Students can interact with each other and with their tutor.
Students can interact with one another, submitting proofs and answers.
Students can interact with other classes through e-mail as they work on projects.
Students can interact with other students, scientists and technicians via the Internet.
Students can interact with peers or the instructor in real-time.
Students can interact with scientists and researchers and take part in activities.
Students can interact with students who are geographically remote.
Students can interact with the course material in new and innovative ways.
Students can interact with the instructor by telephoning in their questions and comments.
Students can interact with the instructor through a telephone voice response system, e-mail, or fax.
Students can interact with the instructor through internal e- mail.
Students can interact with the instructor using a broad range of communication technologies.
Students can interact with the lessons at their own pace.
Students can interact with the virtual client until they attain the ideal outcome.
Students can interact with their on-line classmates through synchronous or asynchronous discussions.
Students can interact with their teacher and classmates on the Web.
Students can interact with with the activity.
Students can interact, learn about, and discuss issues concerning bilingual education.
Students can interchange courses as they are available.
Students can intermix the learning formats to best fit their learning environment.
Students can intern at the station for a semester, then run their own show the following semester.
Students can intern with a company as early as the summer following their freshman year.
Students can interpret information, translate it, create connections.
Students can interrupt for clarification or more detail.
Students can interrupt visual scenes when they identify problems in the scenario.
Students can interview anyone on the globe.
Students can interview broadcasters who are looking to hire students.
Students can interview elderly people about their memories of the river.
Students can interview experts or other people involved with their observations.
Students can interview family members for their memoir.
Students can interview in person, over the phone, or send a letter of inquiry.
Students can interview members of their families or members of their community.
Students can interview their parents in order to obtain the necessary information.
Students can interview with a large variety of companies for entry-level management positions.
Students can interview with campus representatives from different areas of interest.
Students can interview with staff on campus or at off campus locations.
Students can interview, photograph, research, and write about their school.
Students can invent new games or play existing ones.
Students can invest in the stock market with a set amount of money the teacher provides.
Students can investigate current laws to prevent pollution.
Students can investigate different types of eruptions.
Students can investigate how salt depresses the freezing point of water.
Students can investigate interchanging uneven numbers of frogs.
Students can investigate issues related to the election and view poll results.
Students can investigate lining up different numbers of ants.
Students can investigate neural excitability by injecting current.
Students can investigate other school requirements in addition to the schools listed below.
Students can investigate problems on their own, in class, and at home.
Students can investigate processes of regeneration at the site.
Students can investigate the correlation between the wind strengths and wave heights.
Students can investigate the historical background for a work or an author.
Students can investigate the impact of weather patterns, storms, deforestation, and ozone.
Students can investigate the meaning of different words.
Students can investigate the societal implications of contemporary issues related to chemistry.
Students can invite anyone they want.
Students can invite faculty members to dinner in the dining hall.
Students can invite local weatherperson to visit the class and share data files and graphs.
Students can invite their guests to earn intramural points for their organization and clubs.
Students can involve themselves to whatever degree they choose.
Students can isolate aquatic creatures by dragging a dip-net through the water.
Students can join a nearby sports club to keep in shape.
Students can join a sorority during their sophomore year.
Students can join a tutoring group of three to six students.
Students can join a variety of student clubs and societies.
Students can join any club they want to.
Students can join anytime during the school year.
Students can join as editor candidates during their first year.
Students can join at any time during the semester.
Students can join at any time of the year, and be placed in small groups of similar ability.
Students can join at any time.
Students can join at anytime.
Students can join by submitting an application in the spring.
Students can join charity events in Toronto.
Students can join cheaply or even at no cost if circumstances require.
Students can join classes at any time during the year.
Students can join discussions through the bulletin board feature called The Interactive Zone.
Students can join discussions with other students and can fill out surveys related to fun topics.
Students can join established research teams.
Students can join for a small amount.
Students can join for recreational skiing, but the team also races competitively.
Students can join in discussions with other students across the country or across the globe.
Students can join on a voluntary basis or enroll for academic credit.
Students can join professional associations related to their career field as a student member.
Students can join programs for the elderly and developmentally disabled as well.
Students can join the club for free.
Students can join the group on the hour.
Students can join The Manifest staff as reporters, editors, photographers or layout designers.
Students can join the meal plan or pay on a cash basis.
Students can join the program at any time throughout the year.
Students can join the program at any time.
Students can join the program at the beginning of each semester.
Students can join the program in the fall, spring or summer semesters.
Students can join the research group under different options.
Students can join the team that works on cluster management and on the cluster-aware programming.
Students can join up to three teams during the school year.
Students can judge their own mastery of fundamental topics, on their own time.
Students can jump to a particular day by clicking on that date in the calendar.
Students can just drop by to ask questions or to be part of a group.
Students can just record the letter and number.
Students can keep a chart of exercises performed nightly by themselves and their parents.
Students can keep a double entry journal.
Students can keep a journal in which they communicate in writing with the teacher.
Students can keep a journal of the process.
Students can keep a 'reading diary' showing their reactions as they read.
Students can keep a space journal, make a picture book, or even learn how to make edible moon rocks.
Students can keep adding to their paper the more words that they learn.
Students can keep an online personal fitness diary and get feedback from virtual personal trainers.
Students can keep computer journals, learning to scan representations of their performances.
Students can keep computer journals, learning to scan their artwork and photographs of others' work.
Students can keep computer journals, practicing basic keyboarding and computer skills.
Students can keep computer journals, saving their compositions digitally.
Students can keep daily journals, describing in words and pictures the caterpillars' changes.
Students can keep in touch via email or letters.
Students can keep log of vegetable intake.
Students can keep personal ideas.
Students can keep the cap and tassel for souvenirs.
Students can keep the rubrics in their writing folders for handy reference.
Students can keep the same book all week or get a new book each night if they wish.
Students can keep the set of eight tapes for their personal library.
Students can keep their appointment for the entire semester as long as they attend regularly.
Students can keep their lists as charts, glossaries, notes in their notebooks, or as computer files.
Students can keep their password protected code on the server and work on it from home.
Students can keep their scholarships and financial aid.
Students can keep their status as a guest student for a maximum of two years.
Students can keep track of fund-raising sales.
Students can keep track of math data.
Students can keep track of the troublesome questions while they are actually taking the test.
Students can keep track of their balance by asking the cashier.
Students can keep track of their value points with cuneiform writing.
Students can keep up on current events.
Students can keep weather journals.
Students can kind of decide for themselves.
Students can know a great deal about a subject and yet do poorly on the new tests.
Students can know how they did immediately after completion of a test.
Students can know more from right around the world and they're able to learn faster with less cost.
Students can know the information about library as if they are watching the home-page.
Students can label highlight colors to represent themes, main ideas etc.
Students can label homes, neighborhood landmarks, parks, etc.
Students can label their drawings and explain the work being done.
Students can later specialize by choosing from electives and optional subjects.
Students can lay out a sample rafter on the floor to match required specifications.
Students can lead the armies of the North or the South.
Students can lead vocal prayers for any faith, but only if they speak in Yiddish.
Students can leap frog around if one area gets too slow or too fast.
Students can learn a considerable amount about global awareness.
Students can learn a good deal of math through carpentry projects.
Students can learn a great deal by designing exercises.
Students can learn a great deal by working collaboratively with others.
Students can learn a great deal from each other .
Students can learn a lot about their state through the Internet.
Students can learn a lot before they get their first job after they graduate.
Students can learn a lot by comparing graphs from different flights.
Students can learn a lot by listening to history as well as reading it.
Students can learn a lot by seeing the good people and the great activities that occur to the east.
Students can learn a lot faster and get a lot more out of their chemistry pracs.
Students can learn a lot from each other.
Students can learn a lot from each other's comments, questions and observations.
Students can learn a lot from making their own tests for a number of reasons.
Students can learn a lot in several aspects of music while having a good time.
Students can learn a lot when joking around also.
Students can learn a new language or supplement a school course.
Students can learn ably within a thematic context if they are directed carefully by the teacher.
Students can learn about aerodynamics by making their own paper Pathfinders.
Students can learn about air, water, and land pollution.
Students can learn about American culture throughout the year.
Students can learn about biology and chemistry through simulated carbon analysis.
Students can learn about calculators, algebra, money, financing, and banking.
Students can learn about careers at every level, and from any field.
Students can learn about careers in photography, and how to use a camera to find a job.
Students can learn about current events, how to form opinions and more.
Students can learn about departmental offerings in several different ways.
Students can learn about different governmental structures and how they reflect community values.
Students can learn about different kinds of poetry and write and submit their own.
Students can learn about dulcimers, mandolins, guitars, violins, cellos, and banjos.
Students can learn about early stone tools by watching digital movies of tools being made and used.
Students can learn about featured countries, their holidays, recipes, games, etc.
Students can learn about flower structure with the Flower Pollination Gizmo.
Students can learn about gardening from their host mothers.
Students can learn about genetics, demographics, and other subjects.
Students can learn about hieroglyphs and pyramids and create their own mini-Egypt in the classroom.
Students can learn about historic achievements in the visual arts, music, dance, and theater.
Students can learn about Illinois beaches and what creatures live on and near the shore.
Students can learn about internships, part-time jobs, and professional positions.
Students can learn about issues and executive candidates at the open debates.
Students can learn about Maine's leading technology companies.
Students can learn about majors and college life through interaction with a college student panel.
Students can learn about mariachi history, showmanship, and music.
Students can learn about numbers, patterns, sizes, and shapes.
Students can learn about objects in motion.
Students can learn about occupations and symbols.
Students can learn about options for exploring careers to job searching.
Students can learn about other programs and the range of clients' needs in their agency.
Students can learn about presidential and first family history.
Students can learn about proper safety by reading through the activity.
Students can learn about prospective jobs and tour various facilities.
Students can learn about protective coloration camouflage, warning coloration and mimicry.
Students can learn about rainforest plants .
Students can learn about such issues as population growth rates and access to safe water.
Students can learn about the adaptations of freshwater organisms and their life cycles.
Students can Learn about the arts, Learn with the arts, and Learn through the arts.
Students can learn about the basics of snow, snow art, and how to build a snow castle.
Students can learn about the city's transit system by studying bus schedules and maps.
Students can learn about the climate and terrain of Mars.
Students can learn about the galaxy by taking a virtual ride in a spaceship.
Students can learn about the history of rap, writing a story to rap, and writing their own rap.
Students can learn about the life span of a tree by looking at a cross section of the trunk.
Students can learn about the marketing world cyber-style.
Students can learn about the people and places, the building of the city, and the government.
Students can learn about the profession of criticism and write a critical piece of their own.
Students can learn about the sport by talking to people in stores or in the community.
Students can learn about the various ways that pitch can be created.
Students can learn about themselves, their community, and career options in a wide variety of ways.
Students can learn about volume .
Students can learn about watersheds in classrooms, at a stream, at home, outdoors, or at a computer.
Students can learn about what it takes to become an agent.
Students can learn about what sound is and where it comes from.
Students can learn about where the wolves are endangered.
Students can learn academic reading and writing skills at their own pace, when it's convenient.
Students can learn all facets of the production process, from crew to producer to station manager.
Students can learn and develop skills in the appropriate use of exercise and therapeutic modalities.
Students can learn and memorize language items while having fun playing in a game-like situation.
Students can learn and practice basic leadership skills.
Students can learn and profit from research done in several areas.
Students can learn and teach each other.
Students can learn anytime anywhere.
Students can learn anytime, at any place and at any pace.
Students can learn at home and have six months to complete a correspondence course.
Students can learn at the PC of their choice - at work or at home.
Students can learn at their own pace and at home or at work.
Students can learn at their own pace and in their own time.
Students can learn at their own pace using the Internet.
Students can learn at their own pace, and in line with their individual learning styles.
Students can learn at their own pace, from any computer with a Web browser.
Students can learn at their own pace, with the program providing feedback at all steps.
Students can learn at their own pace.
Students can learn basic computer skills using various content delivery methods.
Students can learn basic grammar before they get to high school.
Students can learn better at home than in class.
Students can learn better by doing for agencies what they are learning to do in their classes.
Students can learn better respect for one another.
Students can learn biology by analyzing plant and animal remains.
Students can learn both concepts and skills by solving problems.
Students can learn both paper and fabric printing techniques.
Students can learn both reading and writing fundamentals through the comics and headlines.
Students can learn both the principles of design and the elemnts of art at work.
Students can learn by active participation in both asking and answering questions.
Students can learn by applying theoretical and analytical tools to real-world scenarios.
Students can learn by having to explain.
Students can learn by participating in recycling programs.
Students can learn by trying to convince others.
Students can learn coin exchanges, to make purchases, and to take inventory.
Students can learn common names of intertidal organisms using simple line drawings.
Students can learn dance, music, film visual art, literature and theater.
Students can learn different roles form one another and work together to complete a group task.
Students can learn different things from past students.
Students can learn different ways of seeing the world.
Students can learn directing, producing and screenwriting techniques.
Students can learn effective study strategies.
Students can learn effectively in many different settings and with a diverse set of materials.
Students can learn English the easy way, just by real life communication.
Students can learn English whenever and wherever it is needed.
Students can learn facts about birds from small to large.
Students can learn first hand techniques of museum work by enrolling in the following courses.
Students can learn first hand that people and cultures influence one another in unexpected ways.
Students can learn from each other and about other clubs activities.
Students can learn from each other and from their instructor.
Students can learn from each other as much as from faculty.
Students can learn from each other just as much as from a textbook.
Students can learn from each other or from key scholars in their field of study.
Students can learn from each other to be more compassionate.
Students can learn from each other's experiences.
Students can learn from one another.
Students can learn from other students through sharing of powerful video presentations.
Students can learn from the best instructors and experts.
Students can learn from the computer.
Students can learn from the teacher, but also from their peers.
Students can learn from their mistakes when the material is still fresh.
Students can learn from their teachers by work and example.
Students can learn from where they work, simply by clicking on an icon on a web page.
Students can learn from writing for each other as well as for the teacher.
Students can learn good problem solving techniques with the ideas provided here.
Students can learn group facilitation skills and teach self development classes.
Students can learn how food and other products are sold all over the world.
Students can learn how math is used in science, music, investing, at home, and on trips.
Students can learn how plants grow under different conditions of light, temperature and soil.
Students can learn how skunks got their scent and why opossums have no hair on their tails.
Students can learn how their interests, passions, and abilities can develop into careers.
Students can learn how they are formed, how they move to Earth's surface, etc.
Students can learn how to assess and treat their own upper respiratory infections.
Students can learn how to become a successful college student.
Students can learn how to calculate the transfer rate and the cooling rate.
Students can learn how to collect data remotely within a minute.
Students can learn how to compose music and listen to compositions by other student musicians.
Students can learn how to customize a risk management program.
Students can learn how to develop their own scrutinising skills.
Students can learn how to handle equipment safely before they enter the lab to use it.
Students can learn how to plan their job search using tricks of the trade.
Students can learn how to say things in different languages.
Students can learn important concepts through discovery activities.
Students can learn in a nurturing environment when their individual educational needs are addressed.
Students can learn in an atmosphere that is both highly challenging and very supportive.
Students can learn in only one way.
Students can learn in the halls.
Students can learn in the teaching format that best suits their learning style.
Students can learn independent of their location and time.
Students can learn just as much from plasticized animals as using embalmed animal.
Students can learn leadership and communication skills as well as a sense of pride in their work.
Students can learn mathematics with understanding.
Students can learn more about each activity and decide in which ones to participate.
Students can learn more about food webs by studying individual ecosystems.
Students can learn more about our strong support of internships .
Students can learn more about specific intern positions by contacting the university career centers.
Students can learn more about the people who provide health and human services.
Students can learn more about the schools that they are interested in attending.
Students can learn more about their community and their role as citizens through service projects.
Students can learn more about themselves, their interests, skills, and values.
Students can learn more about transfer requirements for the various health sciences majors.
Students can learn more in groups than by themselves because of student-student interactions.
Students can learn much about our federal system of government and how it works.
Students can learn much about the world by reading literature that takes place in other locales.
Students can learn much from actually seeing how their teacher thinks in dramatic situations.
Students can learn online at any time of the day, from any location on the globe.
Students can learn only so much in a classroom and from a textbook.
Students can learn out of a book, but the best way to study is from experience.
Students can learn right in their home-town.
Students can learn science by doing science.
Students can learn so much by developing a site for their school and maintaining it.
Students can learn so much from extracurricular activities.
Students can learn so much more when they understand the concepts behind the math.
Students can learn some great facts to use in reports or to stump their friends.
Students can learn test strategies and take sample questions.
Students can learn the best to predict by showing others how to forecast.
Students can learn the hypothesis and designs of the experiments in which they have participated.
Students can learn the important survival skills needed for today's highly competitive job market.
Students can learn the information while having fun playing games.
Students can learn the location of the physical features mountains, rivers, lakes, etc.
Students can learn the song by echoing line by line, then by singing the entire song.
Students can learn the value of good study habits instead of cramming.
Students can learn theatre history and theory as well as acting or technical aspects of theatre.
Students can learn tips on resumes, interviews, appropriate dress and how to approach recruiters.
Students can learn to appreciate the great works of art by the European masters.
Students can learn to attend to their own first aid needs.
Students can learn to enjoy and express themselves through poetry.
Students can learn to evaluate and interpret a variety of sources on local history and geography.
Students can learn to fly a kite that dances to music.
Students can learn to focus, ignore unnecessary distraction, and act without impulsive behaviors.
Students can learn to have fun in another constructive way.
Students can learn to identify the sky's brightest stars.
Students can learn to improvise, the blues, or discover tips on playing various types of jazz.
Students can learn to learn better by incorporating learning strategies.
Students can learn to make their own rhymes, read stories, and listen to music.
Students can learn to make their own sundials.
Students can learn to manipulate the sounds in words in a variety of word study setups.
Students can learn to navigate a play and have lots of fun doing so.
Students can learn to prevent stress from taking over their lives.
Students can learn to probe each other through sets of questions they compile.
Students can learn to productively work both individually and cooperatively with others.
Students can learn to read a recipe.
Students can learn to read and write critically.
Students can learn to read through the use of phonics in an interactive playroom.
Students can learn to recognize and point out offensive and hurtful comments and actions.
Students can learn to retrieve information under a stress if they are taught.
Students can learn to run equipment and often enjoy doing so.
Students can learn to speak and write English like a native.
Students can learn to take on the roles of delegates from different countries.
Students can learn to think and later apply what they have learned.
Students can learn to think more critically and develop a broader perspective.
Students can learn to use a notation program and begin to print out their own compositions.
Students can learn to use the computer as a tool to enhance their projects.
Students can learn via active listening.
Students can learn what industry is all about and at the same time earn a graduate degree.
Students can learn what their school can do to help save endangered species.
Students can learn while working or caregiving.
Students can learn why butterflies like milkweeds to eat.
Students can learn with their own equipment, at their own facility.
Students can learn words and phrases in thirty languages.
Students can learn, cooperate, and improve their knowledge by attending universities.
Students can learn, research, submit work and take examinations around the clock.
Students can learn, study, and do their schoolwork right on the computer.
Students can learn.
Students can leave drawings on board when it is closed for storage or carrying.
Students can leave materials they share with group members.
Students can leave the bus as soon as it arrives to participate.
Students can leave the ice water glasses out overnight or for several hours.
Students can leave Warwick as soon as their final examination or essay is completed and turned in.
Students can leave welcome notes for their parents on their desks.
Students can leave with real movie credits under their belts.
Students can legitimately expect staff to be knowledgeable and to provide the best possible service.
Students can let it dry on their fingers until it is colorless.
Students can lie or sit on mats and be dragged around, even for relay races.
Students can link from subtopic to subtopic.
Students can link to information on writing, study skills, graduate school, etc.
Students can link to interactive sites with well-written text and exceptional graphic support.
Students can link to many places for research.
Students can link to other interesting problems from the world of recreational mathematics.
Students can list a minimum of five target language food words that are of a given color.
Students can list all the nouns or verbs they can think of to describe an earthquake's impact.
Students can list any books they wish to sell or buy on our free bulletin board.
Students can list professional goals.
Students can list ten sports related careers.
Students can list their books online, to buy or sell, to other students nationwide.
Students can list up to six schools on their application.
Students can listen actively and construct an appropriate summary of another's message.
Students can listen more actively if they are listening for specific examples.
Students can listen to a variety of compositions and read what the authors have to say.
Students can listen to a word before writing it.
Students can listen to and see their instructor.
Students can listen to and view their instructor.
Students can listen to audio tapes or view videocassettes in the Modern Languages Lab.
Students can listen to both their version and original.
Students can listen to choose the right words and revise word choices and sequence.
Students can listen to high-quality music reserves from computers with access to the campus network.
Students can listen to sentences within the dialog as many times as they wish.
Students can listen to text after they have scanned or later on using a tape recorder or computer.
Students can listen to the audio, read the text on the pages, or both.
Students can listen to the materials provided by the teacher and record their own voices.
Students can listen to the radio in the classroom.
Students can listen to the sound in individual words or in sentences.
Students can listen to the teacher and to ideas of others in class discussions.
Students can listen to the text as many times as they like.
Students can listen to the title of the lesson and watch the video.
Students can listen to the tutor clearly and are able to ask questions.
Students can listen to the verb as many times as necessary.
Students can listen to the word's pronunciation if the computer has audio.
Students can listen to vocabulary, play a game, and go on a tour of France.
Students can literally act out the conversation after completing their research.
Students can literally break straws at the midpoint that was agreed on and enjoy the contents.
Students can literally explore a world of opportunity and they can virtually go anywhere.
Students can literally see and explore what is going on.
Students can live and study in the one convenient location.
Students can live and study within walking distance to the beach.
Students can live in an apartment in Salinas.
Students can live in an apartment or with a French family.
Students can live in dormitories, with host families, or in local apartments.
Students can live in student dorms or in private housing.
Students can live on campus in one of our dormitories or apartments.
Students can live on campus in one of our resident apartments.
Students can live on campus, at home, or relocate near their co-op assignment.
Students can live on site or visit for the day depending on the program.
Students can live with a family, in dormitories or in town apartments.
Students can live with a host family.
Students can live with an American family as part of the homestay program.
Students can live with an Australian family as a paying boarder or as a paying guest.
Students can live with families.
Students can live with friends or family in their own 'home' and cook meals to their own taste.
Students can locate a class or contact an intructor by searching here.
Students can locate and differentiate habitats around the world.
Students can locate current possibilities from an extensive database of internship opportunities.
Students can locate information about funding their education.
Students can locate information on using the Internet in searching for jobs.
Students can locate resources for education beyond high school.
Students can locate sheet music or borrow recordings from the public library.
Students can locate specific jobs in specific states.
Students can locate the different countries and cities discussed in the book.
Students can locate the equator.
Students can locate the reserve materials in the library's online catalog .
Students can locate their own articles or web pages or evaluate articles provided by instructor.
Students can locate, identify and map any spider webs they find in their schoolyard.
Students can log in and out multiple times and all account information is preserved.
Students can log in and write and answer letters to and from peers around the world.
Students can log in when they want.
Students can log into class and download notes, case studies and other information.
Students can log into the courses they are registered for using their email ID and password.
Students can log on and begin learning anywhere, anytime from any computer with a browser.
Students can log on and explore the world of science or hang out in a virtual klubhouse.
Students can log on and search for internships based on a variety of criteria.
Students can log on and work at their own pace through activities and tasks.
Students can log on to do the work, then download it for the teacher to grade.
Students can log on to free email and read news posted by fellow students.
Students can log on to the server from anywhere and at anytime .
Students can log on to the Web site by using their uhunix user name and password.
Students can log onto the Internet from their laptop virtually anywhere and take a class.
Students can log their own whale sightings.
Students can login and check their grades with privacy.
Students can log-in and search for internships based on a variety of criteria.
Students can login ONLY if they use the userid and password recognized by the system.
Students can look after the horses and help on the farm.
Students can look at a map to locate the apartments for rent in relation to other services.
Students can look at finished compost.
Students can look at heart models and dissect sheep hearts in groups.
Students can look at one protein in different ways.
Students can look at other magazine and television advertisements and analyze their effectiveness.
Students can look at religious questions that are asked in different traditions.
Students can look at sites for advise for their family and friends .
Students can look at the age distribution in a city.
Students can look at the chart while the teacher is introducing the lesson.
Students can look at the company's Web site and make sure it fits personal career goals.
Students can look at the first site to see what conditions are necessary for a hurricane to form.
Students can look at the foods eaten by different cultures.
Students can look at the many ways they communicate with others.
Students can look at the map of the quest.
Students can look at the pictures and read the title under it.
Students can look at the pictures and relate the stories, or read the texts.
Students can look at the printed copy of the images of the presentation, posted on a bulletin board.
Students can look at the screen and duplicate what they see.
Students can look at the technology and listen to and read the special terms used by ranchers.
Students can look at the top and bottom numbers in the sorted column of data to find the range .
Students can look at the Web page and contact people with whom they are interested in living.
Students can look at what individuals struggle with and what families struggle with.
Students can look back and reflect on the previous ideas written the prior day, week, or month.
Students can look for examples of old inventions and old autos on the Internet if they have access.
Students can look for particular topics using actual words or phonetic spellings with a word search.
Students can look for patterns of birds visiting throughout the day as well as the seasons.
Students can look for relationships between variables using scatter diagrams.
Students can look for work either domestically or overseas in a variety of business related fields.
Students can look forward to an active discussion between the humanities and the social sciences.
Students can look forward to making new friends who share the same interest in music.
Students can look here for dictionaries, rules of grammar, debates, etc.
Students can look on the Web for all their grades or they can request a transcript.
Students can look through binders containing information on past experiences in the major.
Students can look through the magazines that have been brought to class to find examples.
Students can look to learning packets when choosing topics for research and investigation.
Students can look up dogs.
Students can look up new homework, teachers can edit, delete or add new one.
Students can look up on and off campus jobs.
Students can look up simply by clicking on the name of the state.
Students can look up unfamiliar foods or cooking terms in an on-line dictionary.
Students can look up word origins in dictionary and develop definitions for each animal.
Students can lose grading points if attendance proves to be a problem.
Students can lose one year of federal aid eligibility for a third conviction.
Students can lose sleep partying, studying or both.
Students can lose their disks.
Students can mail, email, fax, phone or use the Web to submit their textbook requests.
Students can maintain an online address book and organize their email into different folders.
Students can maintain links with home by using the live and recorded satellite daily new services.
Students can maintain their accounts after they graduate.
Students can maintain their religious beliefs and learn the scientific foundations of evolution.
Students can major and minor in theseconcentrations.
Students can major in accounting, information systems, or organizational behavior.
Students can major in Accounting, Marketing or administration.
Students can major in acting or, eventually, directing, and playwriting.
Students can major in arts as well as in a more traditional academic program.
Students can major in ES or just take a few classes.
Students can major in German alone or chose double majors that combine German with another field.
Students can major in mathematics and go on to get a Ph.D. in music.
Students can major in philosophy-religion with one or two emphases in either religion or philosophy.
Students can major in women's studies.
Students can major or minor in anthropology.
Students can major or minor in any of the department's four languages.
Students can major or minor in either one or both.
Students can major or minor in the subject.
Students can major with a concentration in performance, production, or arts management.
Students can make a background and costumes reflecting the time period.
Students can make a book on clouds with the paragraphs and drawings.
Students can make a brochure for a particular food that is healthy and give facts why.
Students can make a class book about the uses of big and little airports.
Students can make a difference at school and in the community by volunteering.
Students can make a difference.
Students can make a diorama of the Hawaiian rain forest.
Students can make a field guide about the site.
Students can make a flowerpot with actual flowers out of a coffee can.
Students can make a food chain or several food chains containing stages of frog development.
Students can make a formal presentation of the developed project.
Students can make a key to indicate the meaning of each color.
Students can make a line graph showing growth in savings over time.
Students can make a list of all the sounds that they heard.
Students can make a list of the folk and fairy tales they have read.
Students can make a lot of money.
Students can make a map of the garden on paper.
Students can make a map of their school, classroom, or even the dining hall.
Students can make a mold of a mountain and learn about land masses.
Students can make a much more informed choice of both project and supervisor.
Students can make a number pattern and have a partner guess what the pattern is.
Students can make a one to one correspondence.
Students can make a pendulum with thread, ruler, paper clips, and tape.
Students can make a 'photofilm' of all or part of the story.
Students can make a picture that shows three equal parts or four equal parts.
Students can make a rainstick in a pre-show workshop.
Students can make a real difference by participating on the committees.
Students can make a regular weekly appointment, or stop by during drop-in hours.
Students can make a retrieval chart to show the differences.
Students can make a single-visit appoinment up to two days prior to the session.
Students can make a solo cup rain gauge.
Students can make a symmetrical picture and relate it to making two equal parts.
Students can make a table recording their observations and conclusions.
Students can make a tiedied card to celebrate mothers day.
Students can make a tree in the classroom with old branches, paper, cloth, etc.
Students can make a verbal or written list, or they can make a collage or drawing.
Students can make a word search puzzle of the thirteen colonies.
Students can make a written record of their combinations using all ten problems.
Students can make additional graphs appropriate for their data.
Students can make adobe bricks from red clay soil.
Students can make an accordion book of their favorite myth, folktale, or fairy tale.
Students can make an American history time line of songs.
Students can make an appointment by calling or stopping by an off-campus counseling location.
Students can make an appointment for an individual interview.
Students can make an appointment or drop in.
Students can make an appointment with their advisory dean to review their evaluations.
Students can make an individual arrangement with a faculty sponsor.
Students can make an ocean by drawing waves on the paper with a dark blue marker.
Students can make an online pie chart about America's demographics.
Students can make an oral or written report on the information they found in the almanac.
Students can make and evaluate mathematical conjectures and arguments.
Students can make and implement plans to maintain or rehabilitate a site they investigated.
Students can make animation with a click, growing or shrinking shapes with the fat bits editor.
Students can make application to some of the principles that are introduced.
Students can make appointments ahead of time or see if there are walk-in slots available.
Students can make appointments as needed.
Students can make appointments at their convenience.
Students can make appointments by stopping by or calling.
Students can make appointments for other times and are also encouraged to use e-mail.
Students can make appointments or just drop by.
Students can make appointments to meet with any of the four counselors.
Students can make appointments to see a counselor during the school day.
Students can make appointments to see one of the four doctors who consult on a session basis.
Students can make appointments with a counselor for guidance and counseling.
Students can make appointments with any of the people listed below when needed.
Students can make appointments with departmental secretaries.
Students can make appointments, e-mail or call their evaluators.
Students can make appropriate decisions when given consistent expectations and consequences.
Students can make bar graphs of the air temperatures measured to show comparison at each location.
Students can make campus bookstore purchases online through the bookstore's Web site .
Students can make changes in the surface definition to see the effects in the function graphs.
Students can make changes to observe how a change in the variables effect the result.
Students can make choices among activities in order to complete course requirements.
Students can make comments or ask questions.
Students can make comparisons and form relationships between events.
Students can make concrete proposals.
Students can make conjectures and explore other figures to verify their reasoning.
Students can make contact with others in their region who are studying the same unit.
Students can make corrections in their schedules, if needed, or substitutions.
Students can make corrections to their portfolios or include missing work.
Students can make creative presentations, such as writing classified ads for their vessel.
Students can make deposits weekly at school.
Students can make digital books.
Students can make direct enquiries to college and university registrars.
Students can make extra conference appointments or visit the instructor's office at any time.
Students can make histograms of sample data.
Students can make individual appointments to see university representatives of their choice.
Students can make individual or group stories.
Students can make individual predictions by placing pictures in the yes or no columns.
Students can make inferences about the food birds eat and their feeding methods.
Students can make inquiries, place their resumes, and e-mail resumes to prospective employers.
Students can make journal entries by using quill pens.
Students can make judgments about an idea or issue based on criteria.
Students can make judgments of quality in performances.
Students can make links between physical activity choices, and the availability of facilities.
Students can make lists of possible entrees, appetizers, salads, and desserts.
Students can make local and campus calls, but there are no long distance phone privileges.
Students can make miniature sleds from popsicle sticks and felt.
Students can make mistakes, repeat segments, or reread frequently without embarrassment.
Students can make models of specific artifacts used in celebrations.
Students can make models of their animals using paper mache, clay, construction paper, etc.
Students can make movies that document their activities or the progress of an experiment.
Students can make new friends when they are involved in different organizations.
Students can make notes on their planning sheets about format to use for various cells.
Students can make of the program what they want to.
Students can make one appointment at a time to a maximum of two hours per week.
Students can make own product cards or bring in actual items.
Students can make pamphlets and distribute to their local community.
Students can make payments on their student receivable, monthly payment plan and work credit plan.
Students can make pictorial essays, photo collages, and scrapbooks of themselves at work and play.
Students can make picture books to share with younger students.
Students can make poster illustrating why they think participating in the census is important.
Students can make posters to promote the bicycle safety rules.
Students can make pottery bowls using red clay.
Students can make presentations to schools and help with organizing and staffing conferences.
Students can make purchases from only two different departments.
Students can make rainbows.
Students can make real research contributions.
Students can make requests through a disability specialist.
Students can make reservations up to two weeks in advance.
Students can make reservations, dress up a bit and go as a large group.
Students can make scavenger hunts for each other.
Students can make sea projects throughout the unit to display in their ocean.
Students can make shapes such as animals, faces, angels, or skulls.
Students can make simple maps.
Students can make simple traps by sinking coffee cans, large vegetable cans, etc., at ground level.
Students can make standing appointments or can walk in for short-term assistance.
Students can make sun dials on the school grounds.
Students can make tables, graphs and compare different types of tides around the world.
Students can make that determination and develop skills to evaluate the media critically.
Students can make the comments anonymously or be credited in the guide.
Students can make the difference, as the collective voice of students is extremely powerful.
Students can make their artificial hearts use an array of materials.
Students can make their artificial hearts using an array of materials.
Students can make their favorite polygon on a geoboard and describe it to the class.
Students can make their own adhesives using skimmed milk and vinegar.
Students can make their own arrangements for.accommodations.
Students can make their own clocks out of paper, and paper fasteners.
Students can make their own dancing lumberjack or a mountain dulcimer in a pre-show workshop.
Students can make their own discoveries through puzzles, games, and worksheets.
Students can make their own flip books and zoetropes.
Students can make their own floats for a classroom parade.
Students can make their own Japanese art museum.
Students can make their own maps, explore volcanoes, and order printed or multi-media maps .
Students can make their own marketing description of a toy.
Students can make their own ninjas out of paper bags with the bottom collapsed to form a mouth.
Students can make their own patterns using pasted shape cut-outs or stickers on paper.
Students can make their own route in teams or individually.
Students can make their own special mirror decorated with Arabic designs.
Students can make their own tangram puzzles.
Students can make their own Wacky IDs and dog tags beginning at noon.
Students can make their own word search puzzles.
Students can make their resume look neater by listing seasonal jobs very simply.
Students can make their stories into books.
Students can make their time lines on a computer, colored index cards, or colored sentence strips.
Students can make their tuition payments on-line with their credit card.
Students can make themselves heard outside of the classroom doors as well.
Students can make tutoring appointments at selected times during the school day.
Students can make up cards for a food web for one of the four wetland types from the next activity.
Students can make up charts under the following headings.
Students can make up courses or get extra help.
Students can make up deficiencies by taking specific undergraduate courses.
Students can make up deficiencies in a particular area during their first year of graduate study.
Students can make up extensive checklists.
Students can make up missed CSEs during a work term or as an extra course in an academic term.
Students can make up new words and new motions as they go along.
Students can make up one missed lab.
Students can make up one seminar by arrangement with the instructor.
Students can make up other stories about why popcorn pops.
Students can make up problems and trade with their classmates to solve.
Students can make up sentences or poems using the rhyming words.
Students can make up similes comparing dinosaurs' sizes, diets, method of walking, etc.
Students can make up their own minds about the type of scholarship they like best.
Students can make up their own prices for the items on their menus.
Students can make up their own problems to solve or challenge others.
Students can make up their own problems to solve or to challenge others.
Students can make up to five free check transactions per month at any branch location.
Students can make up work that they missed and get optional assignments as needed.
Students can make use of a variety of resources, including the Internet.
Students can make use of electives to strengthen their abilities in a particular study area.
Students can make use of the multimedia library and the computer laboratory for training purposes.
Students can make virtual snowflake designs.
Students can make weather calendars, or hang weather reports or related work on the board.
Students can make webs without the use of computers.
Students can make words and sentences and also color pictures.
Students can make-up for missed classroom exercises by regularly participating in class.
Students can makeup or catch up work and go ahead.
Students can manage their participation in electronic resources.
Students can maneuver through a predesigned environment, testing and trying various components.
Students can manipulate and compare skulls of herbivores, carnivores, insectivores, and omnivores.
Students can manipulate audio and video, as well access other graphics programs.
Students can manipulate data interactively directly on the graphic representations.
Students can manipulate fractals interactively.
Students can manipulate parameters and examine the results immediately.
Students can manipulate shapes, group objects, create patterns, and write in online journals.
Students can manipulate the data so that they can make their graphs visually attractive.
Students can manipulate the data through a software program to provide different delivery styles.
Students can manipulate the images stored on computer disk.
Students can manipulate their symbols until all of the links are easy to see.
Students can map out where the responses are coming from.
Students can mark their answers on a worksheet.
Students can master fractions, decimals, and percentage equivalencies.
Students can match large alphabet cards to the letters.
Students can match lower case and upper case.
Students can match the clocks with the correct time.
Students can match their money to that on the chart.
Students can matriculate in more than two programs.
Students can matriculate in the fall, spring or summer.
Students can measure diameter and circumference of the apples and graph the results.
Students can measure items found in places other than the classroom.
Students can measure seeds roots each day.
Students can measure the angle with a protractor and measure the mass of the magnet quite easily.
Students can measure the distance to different countries highlighted in the book.
Students can measure their own values on a variety of fitness tests, if they wish.
Students can measure their the velocities and accelerations too.
Students can measure themselves against the best of their peers throughout the province.
Students can measure themselves against the demands of the global marketplace.
Students can measure variability using standard deviations.
Students can meet a lot of smart people through computers.
Students can meet and communicate with other people from all over the world.
Students can meet and interview with prospective employers.
Students can meet and talk over e-mail.
Students can meet at the flag plole in front of the main office.
Students can meet confidentially with an on-campus drug, and alcohol counselor during school hours.
Students can meet criteria for high school graduation, but still lack the skills needed for college.
Students can meet faculty in the degree programs in which the students are interested.
Students can meet faculty to discuss research opportunities in a number of different ways.
Students can meet friends,share paintings,music and stories . . . . .
Students can meet in virtual rooms, talk and play with each other.
Students can meet informally with employers who are interested in diversifying their workplace.
Students can meet other students who are comitting their time to the same project.
Students can meet others in the discipline and learn of opportunities in the area.
Students can meet penpals, find out different things about other students and schools.
Students can meet professionals in a casual, relaxed environment.
Students can meet regularly at a local telecourse site.
Students can meet teacher licensure requirements at the secondary level in French or Spanish.
Students can meet the competency requirement in three ways.
Students can meet the new vocabulary mentally as well as actually seeing the words on the page.
Students can meet the thesis requirement by special arrangement with the teacher.
Students can meet to work collaboratively on course materials and projects.
Students can meet to work together on presentations, or add to research findings over time.
Students can meet with a career advisor to discus to individual career, internship or job issues.
Students can meet with a career counselor during a scheduled or walk-in appointment.
Students can meet with a counselor to review assessment results and schedule appropriate classes.
Students can meet with counselors before or after school, or in an emergency.
Students can meet with counselors before school, after school, and during lunch without a pass.
Students can meet with degree auditors by appointment.
Students can meet with employers to find a summer job in or out of state.
Students can meet with hiring representatives to try to schedule an interview.
Students can meet with representatives from housing, financial aid and other student services.
Students can meet with study groups and have coffee and snacks in a comfortable setting.
Students can meet with their academic advisors for additional information.
Students can meet with their advisor during office hours.
Students can meet with their advisor, a faculty member or the administration at any time.
Students can meet with their teachers outside of class whenever they have problems.
Students can mingle and find internships with reputable film studios.
Students can mingle with others on their floor all night long, and it's an easy way to meet people.
Students can minimally explain the importance of limited government.
Students can minimize additional tuition charges by doing their cancels and adds on the same form.
Students can minor in business administration .
Students can miss one class with no penalty.
Students can miss one class within a sessions and can be made up ONLY within that month or period.
Students can miss one of four tests and one of six assignments.
Students can miss one posting without deduction in grade.
Students can miss two labs without penalty.
Students can miss two papers for the semester without penalty.
Students can miss up to three classes.
Students can mistake turbid water for polluted water.
Students can mix day and evening classes as their schedule allows.
Students can mix learning formats to best fit their learning style and schedule.
Students can mix multisource audio productions in the audio labs.
Students can mix old and new courses in their senior years.
Students can mix potions.
Students can mix the type of courses they take.
Students can modify and improve on current software and they learn to be empowered programmers.
Students can modify bids in succeeding rounds.
Students can modify existing elements to fit their problem.
Students can modify ice cream preferences, temperature, and the prospective buying population.
Students can modify their answers until they have made the correct matches.
Students can monitor cold and warm core rings.
Students can monitor progress through online assessments.
Students can monitor the litter problem in a given area by taking pictures over a period of time.
Students can monitor their group and individual progress compared to the rest of the class.
Students can monitor their own progress by testing their own skills at any time.
Students can monitor their progress through the learning cues provided in the immediate feedback.
Students can monitor their work throughout the semester by grades on tests and reports.
Students can more easily decide whether to pursue further graduate or professional education.
Students can more easily develop a sense of belonging.
Students can most easily identify with landmarks that can be found locally.
Students can motivate faculty and staff.
Students can mould landscapes according to their own situations.
Students can move around within a module, talk with other students, and communicate with faculty.
Students can move back and forth between the CD-ROM and the Web activities.
Students can move back and forth between the word processing documented and the web browser.
Students can move backward or forward, or exit a lesson at any time.
Students can move between communities to complete their studies.
Students can move between courses without being required to login again.
Students can move between pathways as their interests develop or change.
Students can move clocks and calendars forward and backward.
Students can move either in timed or in activity completed sequences.
Students can move forward and backward at their own pace.
Students can move from activity to activity at teacher determined time intervals.
Students can move from one to the other without difficulty and without course conflicts.
Students can move into it at the same time with entrance of school.
Students can move into the dormitories the weekend before classes begin.
Students can move magnetic letters around to make words or practice writing sentences and words.
Students can move side to side and hear interference.
Students can move the furniture around in a number of configurations in their rooms.
Students can move their names to the appropriate stage as they work.
Students can move their small personal refrigerators if they chose.
Students can move their small personal refrigerators to go under their studio desks if they want.
Students can move through a course at their own pace.
Students can move through the course in linear fashion or choose sections in any sequence.
Students can move to a different state and retain national credentials.
Students can move toward both goals by writing in private journals.
Students can move up according to their progress.
Students can move, rotate, size, and color manipulatives to solve mathematical and logic problems.
Students can name and locate foreign countries.
Students can name the cookbook and design a cover.
Students can name, give values and count coins.
Students can navigate both forward and backward to review their responses within each section.
Students can navigate their way through the programme very easily.
Students can navigate, find, and use information.
Students can negotiate alternate due dates with the instructor.
Students can network and develop opportunities while refining their job skills.
Students can network for research projects, references, meetings, and even jobs.
Students can network with alums to chat about how to prepare themselves for different career fields.
Students can never be completely safe.
Students can no longer customize buttons and change configurations.
Students can no longer prepare bark to calculate problems.
Students can nominate themselves, or faculty can do so.
Students can nominate themselves, or they can be nominated by faculty.
Students can nominate themselves.
Students can normally begin their courses each week and can study for short or long periods.
Students can normally complete each programme in one year.
Students can normally complete the two degrees in four years of full-time study.
Students can normally practice to recorded music between classes.
Students can note selected cards for subsequent printing.
Students can note the temperature change.
Students can notify other students on information by way of a bulletin board.
Students can now access and search for books through their web browser.
Students can now access course material, academic records and financial assistance online.
Students can now access our network without a power cord or network cord.
Students can now access the Internet via wireless connections from their laptop computers.
Students can now access the items in the library on-line.
Students can now access their e-mail outside of campus.
Students can now access their grades, perform degree audits and get class schedules online.
Students can now add to and correct their lists of brainstormed characteristics of Australia.
Students can now apply and register online.
Students can now apply electronically.
Students can now apply for grants online and can obtain information about their loans.
Students can now be active participants in lessons.
Students can now be anywhere at any time to view or contribute to works of all sorts.
Students can now begin plotting themselves.
Students can now begin to look for patterns in their data and the data obtained from other schools.
Students can now bring their tubs, luggage, etc.
Students can now buy and sell online via auctions specifically geared to the college market.
Students can now buy items from toothpaste to hot dogs on their meal cards.
Students can now cheat at a much more effective level with less likelihood of being caught.
Students can now check their email from anywhere in the world.
Students can now choose between soda pop, various juice alternatives, and water.
Students can now choose from a range of actions for their characters.
Students can now choose to major in English and Communications or they can major in Communications.
Students can now communicate with their instructors by the use of electronic mail and fax.
Students can now complete all math requirements for an AA degree in two years or less.
Students can now complete the survey online .
Students can now create and publish their own web pages.
Students can now deduct the interest they pay on federal education loans from their taxes.
Students can now develop an annual academic plan.
Students can now discuss issues with professors at scheduled times using the chat server software.
Students can now do a wet lab making their own microscopic slides.
Students can now do real time research . . .
Students can now easily see how much of their free quota they have used with our online utility.
Students can now enjoy a virtual tour of the campus.
Students can now enter the information from their cells template into the spreadsheet.
Students can now extend their international interests through teaching.
Students can now form teams of interviewers and potential employees.
Students can now gain skills up front before entering the industry.
Students can now get at the kind of fragmentary and detailed pieces of evidence that historians use.
Students can now get their own unofficial degree check sheets.
Students can now go back to the Web site to acquire further data for class projects.
Students can now go to the seminar sheets with clickable links to all the material.
Students can now handle all their postal needs right on campus.
Students can now hang out with friends and play a game of air hockey.
Students can now have a quick and easy way to practice reaction times for manual race car launches.
Students can now have research assistantship experience, work study and many more job opportunities.
Students can now have their reading and writing assessment completed online.
Students can now interact with teachers on the Internet as more people get access to computers.
Students can now investigate almost any topic using resources available on the Internet.
Students can now log on and report incidents anonymously.
Students can now look to the Web for help with their love life.
Students can now make ceremonial music with their rattles.
Students can now make new guesses about what plants the seeds are from.
Students can now make purchases during non-meal hours without using cash.
Students can now observe how the population changes.
Students can now obtain knowledge and skill in a multiplicity of ways.
Students can now only earn an African-American studies minor.
Students can now own their own set of videos.
Students can now paint their image using a brayer or paintbrush.
Students can now perform multiple tasks from a single station and with increased speed.
Students can now pick up their refund checks, endorse loan checks and pay their bills in one visit.
Students can now place a sample disc or very thin cyclinder, in the 'horn'.
Students can now plan on the deadline falling on the last day to add classes.
Students can now plan their schedules prior to the start of registration.
Students can now play many games.
Students can now print their own graph paper.
Students can now purchase everything from laundry detergent to peanut butter on their meal cards.
Students can now put the slide on a microscope stage and look at the dust that fell from the bag.
Students can now reap what they have sewn.
Students can now receive points for volunteering for different services or committees.
Students can now register and pay online or by mail for the course.
Students can now register by phone or over the web.
Students can now register for credit.
Students can now register from anywhere in the world.
Students can now register on line .
Students can now register online.
Students can now regularly work on the site without spending time on travel.
Students can now relax in comfort while attending a meeting, watching a movie or just hanging out.
Students can now request official transcripts in person, in writing, or by fax.
Students can now retrieve data from our web site and download it to computers at their schools.
Students can now search and apply online.
Students can now see their class schedules on Just the Facts before they are actually registered.
Students can now see very clearly the relationship between genotype and phenotype.
Students can now select the green to red box to see the total error of the least squares fit line.
Students can now start research without leaving the classroom.
Students can now submit a proposal.
Students can now substitute selected history courses for political science courses.
Students can now surf the web, do research, and use email, without tying up their phone lines.
Students can now take advantage of a variety of programs designed to meet their needs and interests.
Students can now take classes over the Internet without ever leaving the confines of their homes.
Students can now take interdepartmental electives to fulfill the requirements.
Students can now take tests, inquire as to their scores from their classroom.
Students can now take their class schedule, log onto the stores Web site and order their books.
Students can now transfer their work on disc between labs.
Students can now use HTML to format their messages bold, italics, graphics, etc.
Students can now use the system to access grade information.
Students can now view their rosters, bills and grades on-line .
Students can now watch the conference on television located around campus.
Students can observe and draw the phases of the moon for a month.
Students can observe and participate in crafts like carding, spinning, laundry and quilting.
Students can observe and participate in crafts like carding, spinning, laundry, and quilting.
Students can observe atomic spectra from gas discharge tubes in the discharge lamp shown at left.
Students can observe force and reaction forces by perfoming experiment.
Students can observe history when it is still only news.
Students can observe how a hurricane is created by manipulating weather and the earth.
Students can observe ice in the same way.
Students can observe line spectra through hand held spectroscopes.
Students can observe maps, graphs, and pH charts.
Students can observe people, videos, pictures, and television.
Students can observe procedures.
Students can observe stereotyping in the language of the playscripts.
Students can observe that the L wave is the biggest of the three.
Students can observe the effects of light on the color of leaves.
Students can observe the formation of the fiber at the interface of the two solvents.
Students can observe the frequency and amplitude of their own voices, and print their voiceprint.
Students can observe the habitats of other animals.
Students can observe the live animals and learn about their importance in natural ecosystems.
Students can observe the outside of the cans.
Students can observe the plant growing towards the sun.
Students can observe the process and explore many issues concerning their impact on the environment.
Students can observe the self-assembly of chemical units by growing crystals.
Students can observe, first-hand, the patient related services they have learned in class.
Students can obtain a copy of any materials in the portfolio for the cost of duplication.
Students can obtain a full credit for the courses they take.
Students can obtain a minor in Arabic and Hebrew.
Students can obtain a minor in chemistry.
Students can obtain a minor in gerontology at the doctoral level.
Students can obtain a minor in Latin American studies.
Students can obtain a new account in any computer lab.
Students can obtain a parking permit from the student services office.
Students can obtain a pass by performing very well in class tests, labs, and the project.
Students can obtain a printout of their tuition and fees account via the Web.
Students can obtain a requirement list from an adviser.
Students can obtain a variety of certificates and degrees while living in their home community.
Students can obtain a work visa after enrolling in their course in Australia.
Students can obtain academic credit for internships.
Students can obtain additional information by visiting the Web site.
Students can obtain an application form from their financial aid office on campus.
Students can obtain an application form from their financial aid office.
Students can obtain an application from their financial aid office on campus.
Students can obtain an application packet from the social work program director.
Students can obtain an email address from the computer lab on the first floor of Starr building.
Students can obtain an overview of optimizing compiler technology.
Students can obtain and fill in club registration forms at that stand.
Students can obtain application from financial aid office.
Students can obtain applications for the minigrants in the department office.
Students can obtain applications through the chairperson's office of their departments.
Students can obtain assignment information and course notes from the internet before class.
Students can obtain at the clinics all immunizations required for international travel.
Students can obtain certification to teach biology by completing the professional sequence.
Students can obtain concentrations in international studies.
Students can obtain credit for passing a college-level examination.
Students can obtain credits to be transferred to their home college or university.
Students can obtain descriptions on the web.
Students can obtain direct employment in the printing industry upon graduation from high school.
Students can obtain duplicate copies of forms from their file at a minimal cost.
Students can obtain employment as nursery nurses, classroom assistants, etc.
Students can obtain excellent legal educations in a variety of settings.
Students can obtain forms before school, between classes, during lunch or after school.
Students can obtain free copies of exams from the file in exchange for copies of thier old exams.
Students can obtain free e-mail accounts and internet access.
Students can obtain full credit for the courses they take.
Students can obtain full meals, sandwiches, salads, desserts and beverages.
Students can obtain help before deciding on the direction of their postdoctoral research.
Students can obtain help with resume preparation and interviewing tips.
Students can obtain high school and university credits by participating in the program.
Students can obtain information about occupations, colleges, financial aid, and the military.
Students can obtain information and application forms from their local high school counselors.
Students can obtain information at different levels.
Students can obtain information from books, videos, and audiotapes.
Students can obtain information over the Internet about courses and programs.
Students can obtain information regarding lockers, legal service, clubs and activities.
Students can obtain interesting results quite quickly and easily.
Students can obtain lecture material prior to class.
Students can obtain master's degrees from both programs in approximately two years.
Students can obtain passwords from the school library media specialist for home use.
Students can obtain permission to select appropriate courses from other departments.
Students can obtain preparation for technical employment opportunities or graduate study.
Students can obtain prizes with their donations.
Students can obtain some basic information on the topic of recycling here.
Students can obtain some credit for instruction at other schools or training programs.
Students can obtain support by phone, email or in-person.
Students can obtain syllabi several weeks before class begins.
Students can obtain teacher s certificate after completion of courses from the pedagogical group.
Students can obtain the announcements, calendar events, tasks, or emails from one or more courses.
Students can obtain the necessary course work on the web.
Students can obtain the syllabi several weeks before the class begins.
Students can obtain their current seminar schedule.
Students can obtain their degree from any of the following fields of study.
Students can obtain their results from their IB coordinator.
Students can obtain their user ID and password from the computing center staff.
Students can obtain their username and password at registration.
Students can obtain two of the highest degrees offered in a seven-year period.
Students can obtain two-year degrees or certificates.
Students can obtain vouchers upon request.
Students can occasionally take their freshman English and Math courses in the building.
Students can offer a full fitness consultation and recommend appropriate courses of exercise.
Students can often begin classes in their major immediately.
Students can often earn academic credit for their internship.
Students can often give correct answers to test questions without having accurate mental models.
Students can often have other goals about work, family, sports.
Students can often learn as effectively or more effectively form peers than from a professor.
Students can often learn as effectively or more effectively from peers than from the professor.
Students can often obtain help from other residents or visiting academics.
Students can often parlay their classroom learning into immediate success on the job.
Students can often pick up details from group members and from later activities.
Students can often work at internships and take other classes.
Students can only access the database with a password, issued for the duration of the curriculum.
Students can only access the documents that are filed in the library.
Students can only access the fileserver using guest access.
Students can only access their own information.
Students can only apply for a visa outside of Canada.
Students can only apply to study in countries in which they have spent less than six months.
Students can only be in the group for one year.
Students can only be in the program for three semesters.
Students can only be on one waiting list at a time, but can change the zone at any time.
Students can only be successful if they are in school.
Students can only begin band classes in the fall, and the class continues through second semester.
Students can only benefit from later hours.
Students can only benefit from learning of crime and tragedy that occur on campus.
Students can only borrow up to the Cost of Attendance for their program of study.
Students can only bring onto the bus items which fit within their seat space.
Students can only buy one ticket at the student price Sold as a trip only.
Students can only change their meal plan once a semester.
Students can only come to the UvA from a college if and when they pass a math test.
Students can only commence their award course at the start of a semester.
Students can only compete at one grade level.
Students can only create, modify, and delete their own resumes.
Students can only designate a single concentration area.
Students can only draw four cards in one turn.
Students can only earn credit from one department.
Students can only endorse candidates for a single office.
Students can only enroll in one First Year Seminar.
Students can only enroll in seminars for which they have prerequisites.
Students can only enter during Fall Semester of each year.
Students can only get support for up to five years if they progess well.
Students can only get the passes through their schools.
Students can only graduate if they have significant practical ministry experience.
Students can only have role-models who are the same race and gender as themselves.
Students can only learn how to write well if they are given the chance to practice writing.
Students can only learn to write by doing the writing themselves.
Students can only lend books with their student's card or their identification card.
Students can only lodge one request for help at anytime.
Students can only move one chair at a time.
Students can only obtain an account if their home base teacher already has an account.
Students can only park in the spots that are painted yellow.
Students can only participate after prior agreement with the lecturer.
Students can only participate if they have a permission signed slip by their parents.
Students can only participate in faculty-approved cooperative education experiences.
Students can only perform procedures on adult patients.
Students can only pick up their own exams.
Students can only prevent receiving the failing grade by dropping the course .
Students can only purchase second and subsequent decals for their own personal use.
Students can only purchase yellow and residence hall permits.
Students can only pursue the major to which they have been admitted.
Students can only qualify and receive a certificate for one strand - no exceptions.
Students can only qualify for vouchers if their school is graded as failing.
Students can only receive the diploma if they successfully complete the degree programme.
Students can only register for one class for each week-long or weekend session.
Students can only register for one module at a time.
Students can only see four lines of what they are writing at a time.
Students can only see the folder with their name on it.
Students can only skip summer term.
Students can only take exams during the scheduled time.
Students can only take one semester off per academic year.
Students can only test twice in a calendar year.
Students can only update the entries they have added to the calendar.
Students can only use lowercase letters for their assignment file names.
Students can only view the image itself and the thumbnail.
Students can only win the award once.
Students can only work on school related activities.
Students can only work together on one topic.
Students can only write down a show if they watched it for five minutes.
Students can open a discussion with the rest of the class or interact only with the teacher.
Students can open an internet account through the computing center.
Students can open the capsules easily and dump the granules into the cup.
Students can open the file area.xls.
Students can open the tables if they wish.
Students can open the template and do the work on the computer.
Students can open their HTML documents as files through browser software on their hard drives.
Students can operate program independently.
Students can opt for a fast track, extended track, or traditional track.
Students can opt for a semester or academic year program.
Students can opt for a single course or a combination of courses.
Students can opt for a single room.
Students can opt for a single two week module or a combination of two one week modules.
Students can opt for either a single or double room.
Students can opt for either a thesis tract or research report tract.
Students can opt for either aircraft or spacecraft design.
Students can opt for either one, two, or three hours credit.
Students can opt for one of the three concentrations offered.
Students can opt for shorter periods of involvement.
Students can opt for the one-year mastery certificate or an associate's degree.
Students can opt out for religious, philosophical or any other unspecified reason.
Students can opt out of a pair if they want, or change partners in succeeding labs if they want.
Students can opt to add a minor that supports a particular interest.
Students can opt to attend classes starting in the morning, at midday or in the late afternoon.
Students can opt to continue one activity for the whole year or try different activities each block.
Students can opt to decline any part of a financial-aid award.
Students can opt to eat their meals at Hillel where kosher meals are served daily.
Students can opt to purchase the MIT Student Health Plan to cover spouses and children.
Students can opt to sign up for an individual course in their area of interest.
Students can opt to stay in a family accommodation or rent an apartment.
Students can opt to take a variety of courses while studying in a foreign countries.
Students can opt to take foreign languages to satisfy liberal elective requirements.
Students can optionally pay for lunch.
Students can order a picture of their pizza over the Internet.
Students can order a uniform at the beginning and end of each semester.
Students can order books any time of day.
Students can order books, CDs, clothes, and electronics via the Internet.
Students can order caps and gowns, as well as announcements and accessories.
Students can order new and used books for store pick-up or delivery.
Students can order official transcripts.
Students can order over the summer.
Students can order parking decals through the VIP registration system.
Students can order sack lunches for that day at the regular lunch price.
Students can order single copies via credit card.
Students can order software from their registered class or as a general student.
Students can order textbooks, register for classes, and pay tuition using their networked computers.
Students can order the book online .
Students can order transcripts for regular or rush service.
Students can order transcripts immediately or for a specified date.
Students can order videolessons online.
Students can organize a highly individual program of study.
Students can organize a team of up to four people or produce a commercial themselves.
Students can organize and prepare their own informational kiosks.
Students can organize and prepare their own presentations.
Students can organize data and construct, modify, and interpret graphs.
Students can organize research data and use descriptive analysis.
Students can organize service projects and involve other students in service as well.
Students can organize their information in research format.
Students can organize their information using the overall task list or questions as guiding topics.
Students can organize their week in any effective way.
Students can organize themselves into groups and sign up for a floor as a unit.
Students can outline the chapter in writing.
Students can overcome shyness and fear through practicing oral presentations.
Students can paint a mural over graffiti or organize a food drive.
Students can paint the hats and then decorate with ribbon, bows, colored glue, glitter, flowers etc.
Students can paint their creatures.
Students can paint their hats with tempera paint in colorful designs.
Students can pair up and draw each other's teeth.
Students can pair up by ability to win the contest.
Students can pair up to play and one student can play also.
Students can park in one of three different places on campus.
Students can park in the Field, North, Columbus and Camden lots.
Students can park in the south lot and enter through the south doors.
Students can park their rigs at the South Campus.
Students can participate actively through ISDN links or passively through Internet broadcasts.
Students can participate and help plan events.
Students can participate anytime during the course of their college career.
Students can participate anytime of the day or night, seven days a week.
Students can participate as a class, a school, or even as a district.
Students can participate as a tutor or join a study group.
Students can participate as actors, actresses, stage crew, make-up crew, and as student director.
Students can participate as little or as much as they want.
Students can participate as registered or unregistered users.
Students can participate at all levels of production and to the degree to which they are able.
Students can participate at no charge.
Students can participate at the local, state and national level.
Students can participate by entering an illustration of their state fish.
Students can participate by going on specified web quests and gathering information.
Students can participate by presenting their own data.
Students can participate either for pay or for course credit.
Students can participate either on stage or behind the scenes.
Students can participate either through technical forums , journal publications .
Students can participate for a semester or an academic year.
Students can participate for either the fall or winter semester, or for the entire academic year.
Students can participate from any location.
Students can participate from anywhere in the world.
Students can participate in a broad array of available courses offered by consortium members.
Students can participate in a broad spectrum of intramural sports.
Students can participate in a full range of academic classes and extra curricular activities.
Students can participate in a full spectrum of competitive sports from football to swimming.
Students can participate in a global study of wildlife migration.
Students can participate in a group-structured, optional term paper exercise.
Students can participate in a mock interview.
Students can participate in a number of exchange programs and internships abroad .
Students can participate in a part-time, evening program.
Students can participate in a range of after-school activities offered throughout the year.
Students can participate in a restaurant role play using knowledge gained from labelling food items.
Students can participate in a variety of campus activities.
Students can participate in a variety of classes of their choice.
Students can participate in a variety of clubs and service organizations.
Students can participate in a variety of ensembles and performance groups.
Students can participate in a variety of physical activities as time, interest, and ability allow.
Students can participate in a variety of sports and cultural activities.
Students can participate in a variety of ways.
Students can participate in a wide range of after school activities and in-school activities.
Students can participate in an essay contest at the event.
Students can participate in an online chat session in groups or as an entire class.
Students can participate in annual speech contests and curriculum demonstrations as well.
Students can participate in area workshops in a particular area of interest.
Students can participate in as many activities as they like.
Students can participate in athletic events or just relax.
Students can participate in band and choir with several concerts scheduled throughout the year.
Students can participate in band, orchestra or chorus.
Students can participate in both a residential and non-residential learning community.
Students can participate in both university affairs and student political affairs.
Students can participate in both weeks or each week independently.
Students can participate in bowling, hiking, canoeing, shopping, skiing and snow tubing.
Students can participate in Canadian cultural activities once a month.
Students can participate in choral reading or recitation of story dialogue.
Students can participate in classes taught in other states, or even other countries.
Students can participate in concert activites as guests.
Students can participate in councils representing each graduate and professional school.
Students can participate in dozens of clubs and student organizations .
Students can participate in drama productions, art fairs, field trips, and varied sports.
Students can participate in either individual or group therapy depending on their situation.
Students can participate in events that count toward completing each of three levels of the program.
Students can participate in field exercises, including a white-water rafting trip.
Students can participate in field expeditions to locations in Texas and adjacent states.
Students can participate in field trips to areas of cultural interest.
Students can participate in flag football, soccer, softball or basketball, to name a few.
Students can participate in FREE web-based training on major productivity and Internet applications.
Students can participate in German immersion weekends.
Students can participate in group projects, watch events, talk to retailers, and shop.
Students can participate in hands-on experiments that explore magnets and magnetic fields.
Students can participate in independent studies such as work on National History Fair Day projects.
Students can participate in interactive projects.
Students can participate in intramural or recreational sports teams.
Students can participate in intramural sports, clubs and cultural activities.
Students can participate in life skills and study strategy seminars that are occasionally conducted.
Students can participate in many athletic, academic, and extracurricular organizations.
Students can participate in many ways, the most basic of which is to vote in campus elections.
Students can participate in maxium of four such short programs in a given academic year.
Students can participate in musical, preaching, and teaching ministries in numerous local churches.
Students can participate in numerous film-related opportunities.
Students can participate in numerous filmrelated opportunities.
Students can participate in numerous intramural sports.
Students can participate in one or several tracks per semester.
Students can participate in online assignments and online chats .
Students can participate in our annual Spring Celebration Powwow.
Students can participate in our regularly scheduled social and discussion nights.
Students can participate in policy-making.
Students can participate in pre-weighing and handling exercises.
Students can participate in Read Across America as a community service project.
Students can participate in relevant activities both on campus and with off-campus programs.
Students can participate in research, advocacy, and training projects in school discipline.
Students can participate in retreats, religious education and spiritual reflection.
Students can participate in scavenger hunts on the Internet.
Students can participate in selected demonstrations with the presenter.
Students can participate in seminars, group-study programs and summer research programs.
Students can participate in seminars, workshops, degree programs, field assignments and internships.
Students can participate in several national marketing competitions.
Students can participate in small and large performance venues, as well as in classroom activities.
Students can participate in small-group conversation and independent, individualized learning.
Students can participate in sport and cultural programs at all levels of potential.
Students can participate in stock market simulations, scavenger hunts and other activities.
Students can participate in studies around the globe and be an integral part of an expedition.
Students can participate in the competition if their teacher is an MTNA member.
Students can participate in the cooperative work program during their shop week.
Students can participate in the disassembly of their experiments.
Students can participate in the fall semester simulation, spring semester simulation or both.
Students can participate in the fall, spring or summer semesters.
Students can participate in the final assembly of their experiments, and the entire SEM carrier.
Students can participate in the peer buddy program and receive credit as an elective.
Students can participate in the program as one of their high school courses and earn class credit.
Students can participate in the resarch projects detailed above.
Students can participate in the same exercises in the water.
Students can participate in the school newspaper or yearly art magazine.
Students can participate in the Special Peace Corps.
Students can participate in the staining as well as imaging aspect of the studies.
Students can participate in the team roundtable discussion where research proposals are formulated.
Students can participate in vocal and instrumental groups, theatre productions and art shows.
Students can participate in weekend activities such as field trips, tours, etc.
Students can participate in weekly physical conditioning.
Students can participate individually or as a class.
Students can participate individually or as an entire class.
Students can participate on an individual basis.
Students can participate on stage or behind the scenes.
Students can participate through a classroom-sponsored program.
Students can participate through an assigned studio or independently.
Students can participate through the work-study program as part of a course or as volunteers.
Students can participate when their schedules allow.
Students can participate whenever they are able and can take the activity bus home.
Students can participatein seminars, workshops, degree programs, field assignments and internships.
Students can particularly benefit from the tutorials section.
Students can partner to create a science fiction story.
Students can partner with schools located thousands of miles away to work on projects .
Students can pass one portion of the test without mastering the other.
Students can pass through that gateway from a very early stage in their learning sequence.
Students can passively watch the skies or throw objects into the air and watch what happens.
Students can pause video in order to make reasonable estimates of launch angle.
Students can pay by check, money order, or credit card.
Students can pay by either cash or check.
Students can pay by personal check or money order.
Students can pay by semester.
Students can pay by the day, week, or month.
Students can pay cash or put on school bill at time of service.
Students can pay for as little or as much mentoring as they choose.
Students can pay for both spring and fall semesters at the beginning of the academic year.
Students can pay for courses by check or credit card.
Students can pay for courses online using credit cards.
Students can pay for extra traffic.
Students can pay for one course at a time.
Students can pay for room and board simply by working at minimum wage during summers and breaks.
Students can pay for room and board simply by working at minimum wage duringsummers and breaks.
Students can pay for their classes with cash, personal check, or credit card.
Students can pay half-price and can pay for five years, even if they graduate within that period.
Students can pay more money to obtain masters, doctorates and law degrees.
Students can pay one half of the balance due on the first tuition due date.
Students can pay online by credit card or check.
Students can pay only for their living expenses.
Students can pay privately.
Students can pay the bill in any of three ways.
Students can pay their fees by cash, check or visa.
Students can pay tuition and fees via the Web.
Students can pay tuition via a touch-tone registration system.
Students can pay with meals, flexi, cash and check.
Students can peer into a color-coated molecule, spin it around and see it from a new perspective.
Students can perform a simple play using the script that appears on the next page.
Students can perform for other students.
Students can perform keyword searchs of all pages in the course in which they are enrolled.
Students can perform original reform songs in a concert.
Students can perform simple searches or personalized queries.
Students can perform traditional dances from the target culture.
Students can perform transformations and then verify by pressing .
Students can perform well in the job interview process.
Students can perform, quadratic, cubic and quadratic polynomial regressions.
Students can personalize it with their own notes.
Students can personalize the cards with their own messages.
Students can personalize their photo by selecting their own background color.
Students can personalize their yearbooks with their name, phrase and an affiliation icon.
Students can personnally craft a degree to meet their professional needs.
Students can petition for causes they support.
Students can petition individual faculty members for directed studies.
Students can petition to be considered for readmission.
Students can petition to change their major advisor at any time.
Students can petition to have more hours accepted.
Students can petition to have the late fee waived.
Students can petition to make substitutions and variations.
Students can petition to retake the math test after they complete work in the Skills Center.
Students can phone in on a daily basis for short term work which lasts two weeks or less.
Students can phone in or drop into a secured box any tip, such as a student with a gun.
Students can phone to arrange a confidential meeting with a counselor.
Students can phrase a request in the form of a question, rather than use key words.
Students can pick a team name.
Students can pick and choose between both programmes.
Students can pick any substantive topic that relates to the sociology of the family.
Students can pick either of the two choices on the menu when they come to the lunchroom.
Students can pick famous or important people from the women's suffrage movement to research.
Students can pick from four levels of difficulty for making change.
Students can pick one of three entrees.
Students can pick seeds, then operations, and then iterate.
Students can pick specific topics to study in detail.
Students can pick the specific operation and the level at which they want to play.
Students can pick their favorite piece and tell what they liked about it.
Students can pick their grade level.
Students can pick their own groups of three.
Students can pick their own userid's.
Students can pick up a parking sticker in the cashier's office or in campus security.
Students can pick up an application form in the TRIO office or print one from our website.
Students can pick up an unofficial copy of their transcripts at the registrar's office.
Students can pick up applications for submissions from campus center cashiers.
Students can pick up fee bills for the current quarter at that office.
Students can pick up free software applications here.
Students can pick up raffle tickets all day long, however a contribution is recommended.
Students can pick up stickers after they register for classes.
Students can pick up their audits from their academic adviser each semester during registration.
Students can pick up their paper there daily.
Students can pick up their pre-packaged caps and gowns a couple of weeks after placing their orders.
Students can pick up their receipt, or it can be mailed upon request.
Students can pick up their scores and prescriptions at any time during open hours.
Students can pick up their telephone registration material from their academic advisor.
Students can pick where they want to live when they go overseas.
Students can pick.
Students can pin up drawings for informal critiques.
Students can place a book order or find test questions on the web site.
Students can place completed assignments within folders.
Students can place holds on material that is borrowed by other patrons.
Students can place orders at a secure, university-customized site.
Students can place tally marks on yesterday's chart.
Students can plan by creating outlines, concept webs, storyboards, or story maps.
Students can plan class schedules around life at home, at church, and at work.
Students can plan collaboratively with their teachers and peers.
Students can plan on a jam-packed two days of activities both informative and fun.
Students can plan the holidate based on a budget from limited to unlimited.
Students can plan their own minor, consisting of courses in areas related to their goals.
Students can plan their programs to include study abroad for a semester, a year, or even a summer.
Students can play a audio CD from their own computer - and be heard by all.
Students can play a large part in fundraising for a green campus.
Students can play a major role once they learn effective projects to work on.
Students can play a more active role by participating in one of the following key leadership roles.
Students can play a piano, find out how sound travels, explore pitch and soft and loud sounds.
Students can play against each other or against computer-managed and laissez faire countries.
Students can play against the clock, against each other or in teams.
Students can play alone or meet on-line and work in cooperative teams.
Students can play an important role in saving our fragile planet.
Students can play an interactive game as often as they wish.
Students can play audio questions and descriptions over as many times as they like.
Students can play basketball, football, ice broomball, ice hockey, and other sports.
Students can play CD-ROM games, go online or use the word processors.
Students can play educational games or take quizzes posted by their teachers.
Students can play educational online games.
Students can play games in the classroom.
Students can play in either Adventure or Practice mode.
Students can play in the middle of the trackbut please keep moving when using the track.
Students can play independently or in small groups.
Students can play individually or compete against each other.
Students can play individually or in teams or two-three.
Students can play it either before a lesson on the subject matter as a preview or after as a review.
Students can play matching and other games.
Students can play pool, check out a board game, play table tennis, hangout and listen to cool music.
Students can play singles or doubles and all abilities are welcome.
Students can play such an important role in reform.
Students can play tennis nearby.
Students can play the game against a friend or against the computer.
Students can play the game as often as they wish.
Students can play the game independently or in small groups.
Students can play the game several times if needed.
Students can play the game with the guests invited to view the quilt.
Students can play the puzzles on the computer or they can be printed out and duplicated.
Students can play unlimited golf on any of six championship golf courses.
Students can play until all of the targets are knocked down or for a certain amount of time.
Students can play using a print-out or online .
Students can play volleyball, basketball and participate in various other activities.
Students can play with the magnet and feel the force.
Students can play, learn, and advance at their own levels.
Students can pledge in the fall.
Students can plot and interpolate their results on a cooperative effort graph.
Students can plot graphs by hand, using a table of values and then plotting points.
Students can plot the data on their computer screen or download it to their computer.
Students can plot the epicenters on a large classroom map of the region to be studied.
Students can plot the sites of various sensations on graph paper.
Students can plot the trip on a world map.
Students can plug their headphones into any computer on campus to access the archive.
Students can point their cursors to the buttons and click to immediately accomplish their tasks.
Students can poke holes in the clay with a tooth pick to simulate porous rock.
Students can pool the data and compare responses from the younger and older person.
Students can pose questions and receive answers from volunteer tutors around the world.
Students can pose questions and receive answers from volunteers around the world.
Students can pose questions, ask for editing help, or submit story ideas.
Students can possibly receive credit for major or business electives with internships.
Students can post a message and read responses to other people's questions.
Students can post a reply or create a new message.
Students can post and discuss questions about the model.
Students can post and search for books on the site.
Students can post and view responses at any time.
Students can post and view responses to the forum at any time.
Students can post annoucements of a concern to the entire students body.
Students can post announcements giving details of the kind of teacher they are looking for.
Students can post completed homework assignments or their own announcements.
Students can post fliers for social events, car sales, book sales, ect.
Students can post general class-related announcements to the newsgroup.
Students can post messages on the electronic crawl sign located outside the mail room.
Students can post messages that are of general interest for the whole class .
Students can post observations or findings to the site.
Students can post poetry and fiction on the Web for others to read and respond to.
Students can post queries and comments that can be read by the entire class.
Students can post questions and comments in online discussion areas.
Students can post questions clarifying assignments, problems, labs or schedules.
Students can post questions here by e-mailing the author .
Students can post questions that can be answered by instructors or peers.
Students can post questions to be discussed in class.
Students can post questions to the scientists involved in each show.
Students can post questions, and even reply to other student questions.
Students can post r sum s and scan thousands of job opportunities by salary, industry and geography.
Students can post resumes and do job searches.
Students can post resumes, employers can view resumes.
Students can post their design solutions for the instructors and classmates to review.
Students can post their experiments here, too.
Students can post their own organization development problem for discussion.
Students can post their own resumes and browse available jobs.
Students can post their resume online.
Students can post their resumes for a potential employee to review.
Students can post their resumes or situation wanted listings to our website for free.
Students can post their resumes, and search for possible internships available.
Students can post their reviews on The New Americans Bulletin Board .
Students can post their work anonymously and judge each others' work anonymously.
Students can post work done in class to the network or Internet so that the whole class can view it.
Students can practice a concept or skill as many times as needed, at any hour of any day.
Students can practice along with a piece with control over tempo and key.
Students can practice and sharpen their skills in communications, leadership, and management.
Students can practice at home or in the labs.
Students can practice basic skills like typing and working with computer applications.
Students can practice being paleontologists.
Students can practice brushing in front of a mirror until the red disappears.
Students can practice by topic or through simulated exams.
Students can practice chapter objectives while enjoying the Internet.
Students can practice combining activities to form routines at the computer.
Students can practice drawings three dimensional solids made up of cubes.
Students can practice estimating fractions with other flags at the Web site.
Students can practice fine control of pitch, loudness, voicing and breath control for phonation.
Students can practice grammar and vocabulary skills with interactive language programs.
Students can practice grammar on-line.
Students can practice how to solve problems and conflicts within the classroom.
Students can practice individually, in pairs or in teams.
Students can practice learning letters and words as well as writing stories.
Students can practice left to right tracking, beginning sounds, and oral reading and vocabulary.
Students can practice lifting the shuttle high to the back of the court.
Students can practice making portraits in class.
Students can practice measuring capacity, mass, and length in a measurement lab.
Students can practice money skills.
Students can practice moves and graceful poses on a ramp and in front of cameras.
Students can practice nouns, verbs and adjectives in Hebrew.
Students can practice nursing skills ranging from communication to advanced physical assessment.
Students can practice on local small wildlife such as pigeons, squirrels and rabbits.
Students can practice orally describing what they see to each other.
Students can practice patient encounters across a broad range of medical problems.
Students can practice reading body language by watching TV with the sound turned down.
Students can practice reading, writing, speaking, and listening skills.
Students can practice responding with the correct intonation.
Students can practice retelling the story and retracing the ducks' routes.
Students can practice such skills in music, art, physical education, calligraphy, and English.
Students can practice surgery by using the 'virtual operations' without any risk to the patients.
Students can practice the facts, operations, logical reasoning, and change-making.
Students can practice their English and make friends.
Students can practice their English, learn about American culture, and have fun at the same time.
Students can practice their interviewing skills and receive immediate feedback.
Students can practice their interviewing skills by interviewing each other.
Students can practice their language in chat rooms and can participate in pen pal exchanges.
Students can practice their language skill as they read current events.
Students can practice their listening and note-taking skills in academic settings.
Students can practice their regression techniques to confirm and quantity the lack of correlation.
Students can practice their skills in estimating how fast people walk.
Students can practice tracing their names and other words in cursive.
Students can practice using e-mail programs by sending messages to each other or a teacher.
Students can practice vocabulary with online crossword puzzles .
Students can practice with each other.
Students can practice with existing selections or can choose accompaniments from tailor made disks.
Students can practice with on-line help and view solutions to the problems.
Students can practice with or without on-screen help.
Students can pray and read the Bible.
Students can pray and read their bible as long as no faculty member initiates it.
Students can pray, even in schools if they choose to do so.
Students can predict how rain and other weather patterns affect the temperature.
Students can prepare a panel discussion with each taking a different personality for the class.
Students can prepare a report on their findings.
Students can prepare a research paper or an essay in which they comment on the similarities.
Students can prepare a simple smear from seminal vesicle tissue and stain it.
Students can prepare an annual report on the status of their river.
Students can prepare and effectively use visual aids.
Students can prepare and give an electronic presentation.
Students can prepare better-organized answers, improving their performance.
Students can prepare breakfast and simple meals in their apartments.
Students can prepare by using computer resources and attending a workshop.
Students can prepare for a variety of careers through a wide choice of electives.
Students can prepare for career opportunities in the areas of law enforcement and corrections.
Students can prepare for careers in business and service and government, as well as for college.
Students can prepare for careers in public accounting, corporate accounting, or government.
Students can prepare for college interviews in two ways.
Students can prepare for competition, advance in rank and increase in agility and mental discipline.
Students can prepare for competition, advance in rank and increase in agility and metal discipline.
Students can prepare for the debate by gathering evidence in a number of ways.
Students can prepare lessons at their own pace, and parents feel more involved in what's going on.
Students can prepare microscope slides from the tissue and examine the effects of freezing on cells.
Students can prepare questions in advance of the session.
Students can prepare their meals in their flats.
Students can prepare their own meals or dine out as they desire.
Students can prepare to enter veterinary medical schools or medical schools.
Students can prepay in the lunch line, however it is much faster if they prepay in the morning.
Students can present and display their information using visual aids and some key vocabulary.
Students can present arguments to each other.
Students can present effectively in front of a group.
Students can present in any language.
Students can present in front of the class, in the group or can do it by peer teaching.
Students can present in teams - with each student presenting a portion of the finished report.
Students can present in teams, with each student presenting a portion of the finished report.
Students can present information in oral or written reports, class books, or projects.
Students can present or enact a survival skill for the class.
Students can present oral reports, including presentations strengthened by visuals and media.
Students can present that paper to the class.
Students can present the plan, including graphs and visuals to other class members.
Students can present their articles to the class as an oral presentation or as a visual display.
Students can present their assignments to the teacher on screen.
Students can present their completed comic strips to the rest of the class.
Students can present their data as a poster or in the form of a ten minute slide presentation.
Students can present their designs and ads to the class.
Students can present their editorials to the class for discussion.
Students can present their final project to the class, which can vote on the most persuasive map.
Students can present their findings as a short report or as a poster display.
Students can present their findings in small discussion groups and draw conclusions.
Students can present their findings in written or oral reports.
Students can present their findings to the class.
Students can present their information to the class.
Students can present their legend in storytelling format or as an illustrated storyboard.
Students can present their profiles as either nonfiction or fiction.
Students can present their work in written form or as a poster project.
Students can pretend they are jaguars and explain the functions of their structures.
Students can pretend to be frogs and do frog races.
Students can pretend to be the different animals they write about in their stories.
Students can pretend to travel to each stop.
Students can preview and correct their writing before submitting it to the Web site.
Students can preview the selections and plan their meals in advance.
Students can pre-write on paper first if they prefer.
Students can print a report card for facilitator review at the end of each module.
Students can print advertisements for automobiles to analyze the persuasive language.
Students can print and construct a variety of models related to each section.
Students can print anything they see on the screen and can make copies.
Students can print color copies to the inkjet printer, but only from the teacher's station.
Students can print copies of the lab questions in the computer lab.
Students can print dioramas in various sizes, from three to twelve inches high.
Students can print explanations to get a hard copy of helpful instructions.
Students can print graphs in three sizes, including poster size.
Students can print in any of the labs.
Students can print information or save portions of the CD-ROM to a disk.
Students can print maps in multiple sizes, from standard to wall-size.
Students can print maps, save games, and challenge each other to tournaments and relays.
Students can print material using university computers for a nominal fee.
Students can print materials from their seat using an online Lexmark laser printer.
Students can print off an application on line.
Students can print out and organize the information they find.
Students can print out bookmark, bookplate, and send for a free book.
Students can print out high quality renderings of their work.
Students can print out pictures.
Students can print out the instructions for later reference.
Students can print out their book list and bring it to the bookstore, which saves time.
Students can print out their diagram or save it in their electronic portfolio.
Students can print out their own copies on university printers.
Students can print out their scores as proof of completion.
Students can print out their work or leave it on the server.
Students can print out their work to the lab's three high-speed laser printers.
Students can Print out their work.
Students can print test reports and teachers can access reports to track their students' progress.
Students can print the activity page with their answers in the boxes.
Students can print the enrollment form .
Students can print the results or do it over to improve their score.
Students can print their books and check out books written by classmates.
Students can print their current class schedule and faculty can print their class rosters.
Students can print their graphs to share with the class as employees at the work sites also do.
Students can print their own worksheets and keys to check their work.
Students can print their work and save files within their own portfolios.
Students can print to the Hudson main floor site.
Students can print to the laser printer or the color ink-jet printer.
Students can print when done.
Students can print with the apples on different colors of construction paper.
Students can print, download to disk, or email to themselves the articles or article citations.
Students can prioritize and divide up the list to write and send their own letters.
Students can probably fix their own password problems on the web.
Students can proceed as quickly as they master the material and can review as necessary.
Students can proceed at an individual rate to accomplish task.
Students can proceed at an individualized pace.
Students can proceed at their own pace and check themselves as they go.
Students can proceed at their own pace, independent of other students taking the course.
Students can proceed straight through the program from initial entry.
Students can proceed straight through the programme from initial entry.
Students can proceed through the curriculum at their own pace using mastery learning.
Students can proceed through the programme from initial entry.
Students can proceed through their studies of physics without being limited by a fear of math.
Students can process and summarize information using graphic organizers.
Students can produce a commercial for their product.
Students can produce a new scientific finding simply by looking at available data.
Students can produce a spreadsheet with assistance.
Students can produce three types of presentations.
Students can profit by reflecting upon their general progress while in the middle of researching.
Students can progress at their own pace and get feedback about their use of modelling skills.
Students can progress at their own pace, taking between three and five years to complete the course.
Students can progress at their own pace.
Students can progress at their own rate.
Students can progress from basic water exploration skills to advanced swimming skills.
Students can progress onto Diploma level on obtaining specified marks.
Students can progress through modules by clicking on icons at top.
Students can progress through the assignment whenever they are ready.
Students can progress through the course at their own pace.
Students can progress through undergraduate studies to higher degrees in nursing and midwifery.
Students can progress to our team program.
Students can prompt and rate each other.
Students can pronounce words like foundation, announcement, and misdemeanor.
Students can propose projects.
Students can propose the best official state invertebrates.
Students can propose their own group or individual projects.
Students can propose their own projects subject to approval.
Students can protect their freedom to learn through the choice of responsible actions.
Students can protect themselves by getting vaccinated and by practicing safe sex.
Students can prove every line on a drawing.
Students can prove to be capable leaders if they are given the chance to do so.
Students can provide cost analysis for a project.
Students can provide descriptions of successful and unsuccessful performances.
Students can provide either identification or production responses.
Students can provide handouts, brochures, or food tasting samples.
Students can provide peer feedback for each other following a structured format.
Students can provide research assistance to a faculty member and earn extra credit.
Students can provide the employer with a resume and set up an interview directly.
Students can provide the sector with much needed energy, new ideas, and much, much more.
Students can provide their evaluation in written form or groups can make a class presentation.
Students can provide their name, school and hometown via the web site.
Students can provide their own lunches or purchase meals at the newly renovated cafeteria.
Students can provide their own lunches.
Students can publish essays, stories, poetry, or jokes.
Students can publish or print out materials that have been word processed or drawn.
Students can publish original works and get help with time management.
Students can publish their own work and have a genuine audience of millions.
Students can publish their work on the Web, or burn it onto a CD-ROM disk to take home.
Students can publish their work.
Students can publish.
Students can pull apart ideas and information to gain anew, deeper, understanding of the idea.
Students can 'pump' up the atom by playing photons and advancing electrons up levels.
Students can purchase a blank journal to log their journey or they can create their own journal.
Students can purchase a copy at a campus bookstore or online .
Students can purchase a hot lunch or bring a lunch from home.
Students can purchase a network card right on campus at the college bookstore.
Students can purchase a permit by the semester or by the year.
Students can purchase a set of the tapes from the language labs.
Students can purchase a student edition.
Students can purchase additional laps if interested.
Students can purchase additional tickets for all events at regular prices with no limit.
Students can purchase annual passes and the college provides transportation.
Students can purchase books as required over the school year.
Students can purchase books during library time or before or after school.
Students can purchase breakfasts and lunches at a moderate cost.
Students can purchase cards at local stores and pharmacies.
Students can purchase commuter passes for the course of their commute.
Students can purchase convenience points any time of the day or night.
Students can purchase copies of their own work.
Students can purchase daily, semester or annual passes.
Students can purchase discount tickets for movies, skiing, sports, and theater performances.
Students can purchase discounted tickets for the event.
Students can purchase disks from the Bookstore.
Students can purchase equipment at reduced cost.
Students can purchase individual stamps and envelopes as necessary.
Students can purchase items on a computer generated store using the appropriate amount of money.
Students can purchase items to hold a bake sale in school.
Students can purchase laptops and wireless cards directly from the university.
Students can purchase lunch or breakfast credits.
Students can purchase meal tickets for guests or family.
Students can purchase meals in the student cafeterias or in local restaurants.
Students can purchase monthly parking passes at the garage.
Students can purchase monthly parking passes online.
Students can purchase more capacity for an added fee.
Students can purchase non-student tickets for their guests.
Students can purchase old tests, books and other study aids.
Students can purchase pens, pencils, mechanical pencils, and tiger notebooks throughout the year.
Students can purchase reduced rate tickets for all events.
Students can purchase school supplies, clothing, gifts and other items from a variety of merchants.
Students can purchase special editions from bookshops which include the appropriate worksheets.
Students can purchase stamps and send mail.
Students can purchase stamps, make a change of address, buy stamped envelopes, or mail parcels.
Students can purchase textbooks and materials for classes.
Students can purchase textbooks for nursing courses at the Book Nook.
Students can purchase the International Student Identity card for basic coverage.
Students can purchase the journal workbook at the bookstore.
Students can purchase the notes set personally or through mail order.
Students can purchase the passes at their school the first week of the month.
Students can purchase their books approximately two weeks before the beginning of the semester.
Students can purchase their materials by internet, phone, fax or mail.
Students can purchase their own insurance to cover the deductible.
Students can purchase three hits for a dollar and beat the car with a baseball bat.
Students can purchases supplies on the first class or bring their own.
Students can pursue a double major only if approved by the college.
Students can pursue a graduate degree on either a full or part-time basis.
Students can pursue a humanities track, a development studies track, a social science track.
Students can pursue a program of study in one of several areas or earn a minor in selected fields.
Students can pursue a selected project as individuals or in small groups of two or three.
Students can pursue a wide variety of options which offer diverse career paths.
Students can pursue advanced course work in their chosen area of concentration.
Students can pursue an undergraduate major or a concentration in Latino studies.
Students can pursue any courses or degrees they choose.
Students can pursue any major as part of their undergraduate degree requirements.
Students can pursue broad spectrum certification in social science through History.
Students can pursue careers in education, business, industry, public service and other professions.
Students can pursue degree schemes that offer either specialised or broad-based study.
Students can pursue directed, self-paced learning within a flexible time frame.
Students can pursue either the bachelor of arts degree or a minor.
Students can pursue genre questions in depth as well.
Students can pursue graduate education while maintaining ongoing responsibilities.
Students can pursue independent study in reading, listening and computer labs.
Students can pursue individual research interests under faculty guidance.
Students can pursue master's degrees in education and business management.
Students can pursue one of two programs at any area high school.
Students can pursue pre-university programs in arts, sciences and languages.
Students can pursue research in disciplines different than their undergraduate major.
Students can pursue student-initiated dual degrees with a wide range of other programs.
Students can pursue study in any major.
Students can pursue their degrees.
Students can pursue their education while maintaining a job and family.
Students can pursue their interest in the regular classroom.
Students can pursue thesis research that is largely field, laboratory, or theoretically based.
Students can pursue topics in observations and instruments, theory, and modelling and computation.
Students can pursue topics of interest instead of what the state, school or teacher chooses.
Students can pursue undergraduate training in international relations in two ways.
Students can push off of each others hands instead of pull.
Students can put a balance on their card, and then use it around campus.
Students can put a clear varnih over the sculpture.
Students can put any price.
Students can put down any matches they have.
Students can put in and retrieve assignments daily at the beginning or end of class.
Students can put materials on reserve only if they have a note from the program faculty.
Students can put money in the appropriate canister to count as votes.
Students can put on a symposium around a central concern of the course.
Students can put the essays in the form of a book.
Students can put their completed dictionary on the Internet and invite submissions from readers.
Students can put their files there for the instructor to look at but no one else.
Students can put their practices to the test.
Students can put together a programme that best meets their goals and career aspirations.
Students can put together their own combination of courses with advice from a supervisor.
Students can put what they know into words and find out how well they've done.
Students can qualify through either physical or emotional handicaps.
Students can qualify to become part of a performing troop.
Students can qualify to receive the same level of financial assistance for up to four years.
Students can quickly create puzzles required as homework or extra credit.
Students can quickly find their way through color-coded music, most of it based on folk song.
Students can quickly follow the procedure with demonstration and help from their partner.
Students can quickly see if new assignments have been posted.
Students can quit a job and employers can terminate a student without giving advance notice.
Students can quit at any time during the program.
Students can quiz each other about the definitions in small groups.
Students can race for the available spot or resolve the conflict by sharing the chair.
Students can raise their hand to get the teachers attention.
Students can rank the questions to the top three in usefulness of determining whale or fish.
Students can rapidly fall behind in course requirements without the ability to manage their time.
Students can rate the book and see how their classmates have rated it as well.
Students can reach audiences beyond their immediate classmates and teachers.
Students can reach knowledge goals by attending class and through reading and research.
Students can reach new levels of participation and interaction.
Students can reach their finished plan in a minimal number of steps.
Students can reach their sites from anywhere, at any time.
Students can react to posted readings, assigned readings, or web sites.
Students can read a book that is recommended on the Internet.
Students can read a printout of job listings or log on.
Students can read about an interesting case if patients are backing up.
Students can read about Black history and examine interviews with Black slaves.
Students can read about classmates' selections and expand their knowledge of exciting books to read.
Students can read about Egypt, get instructions on how to build a pharaoh, and color hieroglyphics.
Students can read about recent discoveries, medical advances, etc.
Students can read about the life on the trail and complete the activities.
Students can read about the men on the trip and their goals.
Students can read about their peers' experiences.
Students can read all questions and answers as they are posted.
Students can read along, take notes, and highlight right on the computer screen.
Students can read aloud a sentence to the class.
Students can read aloud and discuss what they have written.
Students can read an entire novel each day they spend there.
Students can read and discuss the latest national and world news.
Students can read and find the differences.
Students can read and post their stories about a hero.
Students can read and rate poetry, and fill in forms to create their own poems.
Students can read and write book reviews.
Students can read any book that is approved by both their parent and teacher.
Students can read any texts including English texts.
Students can read at home, on vacation, in the car, etc.
Students can read at their own pace, but no less than four chapters a week.
Students can read chants and nursery rhymes for fun.
Students can read each other's ideas for essays and make comments.
Students can read field reports from student projects.
Students can read for information and and complete a weekly crossword puzzle.
Students can read groups of books with a common thread.
Students can read how people dealt with the deluge and learn the benefits of a flood.
Students can read interviews and leave quesions for authors.
Students can read introductory notes for a piece of software and then select a hot link to run it.
Students can read journal reports, ask questions and browse the photo gallery.
Students can read Korean newspapers and discuss the topics.
Students can read lyrics.
Students can read maps while on vacation.
Students can read newspapers, magazines, comics, etc.
Students can read number and count that many objects into egg cups.
Students can read off a graph and make reasonable conclusions about what it says for the material.
Students can read or listen to the actual event.
Students can read orally to their brothers or sisters.
Students can read other children's poems and receive feedback from the author.
Students can read selections orally or silently, individually or in pairs.
Students can read text and perform exercises for each lesson.
Students can read text, see pictures and videos, and read stories about specific animals.
Students can read the articles and then take a variety of quizzes.
Students can read the articles and then take an online quiz.
Students can read the articles with special vocabulary and geography hyperlinks.
Students can read the book to other classes.
Students can read the dialogue aloud and after each excerpt, add evidence to their chart.
Students can read the full press release .
Students can read the full report .
Students can read the material and correspond at their own pace.
Students can read the messages and respond at their convenience.
Students can read the notes, but they have no added value.
Students can read the passages in the story and hear the dialogue as well.
Students can read the photographs as indications of societal values.
Students can read the scientists' biographies and look through personal photos.
Students can read the selections and practice with content questions and cloze exercises.
Students can read the simple stories and respond in the guest book.
Students can read the stories and respond to the discussion questions.
Students can read the stories on line.
Students can read the stories themselves or listen to sound files.
Students can read the story while listening to the tape for comprehension.
Students can read the summary individually or aloud in their groups and then discuss their ideas.
Students can read the text on web, and simply click on a word to get a handy definition.
Students can read the top stories, take a news quiz, write a letter to the editor, etc.
Students can read the word, have the computer read it and check their accuracy.
Students can read their fables aloud and students can try to guess what their allegory represents.
Students can read their journals to the class, including their peers and parents.
Students can read their knowledge docket from time to time as an interesting reflective experience.
Students can read their poems to the parent.
Students can read their slips to the class.
Students can read their writing simply by clicking a button icon in the window.
Students can read to the to peers answers.
Students can read together, quiz each other on readings and so on.
Students can read up to the hidden text and predict language and story events.
Students can read works composed by authors who lived during the period covered by the collection.
Students can read yesterday's articles right at their desktops or print copies by printer or fax.
Students can read, edit and critique the assignment.
Students can read, investigate , and explore the theme that science is a human endeavor.
Students can read, see, and do.
Students can read, see, read other students' opinions, and express their opinions.
Students can readily access e-mail and the Internet in any one of several computer labs.
Students can readily assume that getting a degree off-campus is as effortless as logging on.
Students can readily develop programs of study in each of the following fields.
Students can readily gain access to additional sites that relate to classroom learning.
Students can readily incorporate area studies courses into their history program.
Students can readily see a picture of how much they have progressed during their time in school.
Students can readily transfer between modes of study to suit work or family commitments.
Students can realize how important it is to create and preserve world peace.
Students can really focus and learn new material.
Students can really help out by placing their personal trash in the designated areas.
Students can really learn about other people, cultures, and beliefs.
Students can re-apply each year.
Students can rearrange parts of a known story or even digitized video material.
Students can recall and correctly associate their knowledge with appropriate circumstances.
Students can recall some of the dog commands from the video for some examples of mushing jargon.
Students can receive a combination of aid awards.
Students can receive a copy of the video approximately two weeks after completion of the class.
Students can receive a copy of the video via mail.
Students can receive a diploma in the full-time secondary program.
Students can receive a full refund for unwanted books by returning the books within three days.
Students can receive a nominal summer stipend from a site and still be eligible for academic credit.
Students can receive a one-year mandatory expulsion from the date of the offense.
Students can receive a quality education here.
Students can receive a reply within the week, the day or the hour.
Students can receive a subsidized and an unsubsidized loan for the same enrollment period.
Students can receive a variable number of credits per quarter.
Students can receive academic credit for an internship taken during the school year or the summer.
Students can receive academic credit for internships.
Students can receive academic credit for the courses, and military tuition assistance is accepted.
Students can receive academic credit in all positions.
Students can receive additional support if chosen as teaching assistants.
Students can receive aid from more than one source.
Students can receive an echo printout of each question they take on- screen.
Students can receive an hourly wage for debate related work.
Students can receive and send e-mails.
Students can receive as many as six credits.
Students can receive as much as one full semester s credit by working in agencies.
Students can receive assistance by simply sending off a quick e-mail or calling their instructor.
Students can receive assistance by simply sending off a quick email or calling their instructor.
Students can receive assistance in the program each year.
Students can receive assistance individually or in groups.
Students can receive assistance on a walk-in basis or by appointment.
Students can receive assistance preparing resumes and job and graduate school applications, as well.
Students can receive career assistance without an appointment from a master's level counselor.
Students can receive career counseling and testing and job search advice.
Students can receive CDs, posters, cups, T-shirts and more.
Students can receive certification or continuing education credits by attending.
Students can receive class credit for surfing, which leads to a high turnout.
Students can receive class credit for the trip.
Students can receive class credit if they are cast in the production.
Students can receive code-level instruction in the areas in which they are most interested.
Students can receive college credit for doing well on the test.
Students can receive college credit for introductory classes.
Students can receive college credit through internships approved by their college.
Students can receive college experience and credit while still in high school.
Students can receive coupons for the drawing from their teachers.
Students can receive course credit.
Students can receive credit and voluntary work is also available.
Students can receive credit for classroom experiences.
Students can receive credit for internships and co-op programs through their respective programs.
Students can receive credit for only one computer science sequence.
Students can receive credit for study abroad, and generous scholarships are available.
Students can receive credit for study in Israel through a variety of programs.
Students can receive credit for up to two courses by completing the work abroad.
Students can receive credit in math, science, or technology.
Students can receive credit only.
Students can receive discounts on tickets on certain performances.
Students can receive dual credit.
Students can receive either three or six hours of credit.
Students can receive elective credits for completing an internship in psychology.
Students can receive email and faxes.
Students can receive extra funding by assisting in studio art courses or by teaching summer school.
Students can receive extra practice in skills needed in a course or can obtain study assistance.
Students can receive feedback and editing assistance from peers.
Students can receive five hours of tutoring each semester, regardless of grades.
Students can receive free academic support in the building in which they live.
Students can receive free round trip airfare for the program abroad.
Students can receive free roundtrip airfare for the program abroad.
Students can receive free tutoring in a variety of academic areas.
Students can receive half-price tickets.
Students can receive health care without missing a day of school.
Students can receive help in choosing careers, job search skills, and lifestyle planning.
Students can receive honors credit by doing independent work.
Students can receive immediate feedback from their instructor.
Students can receive immediate feedback of test results.
Students can receive immediate feedback on questions or tests.
Students can receive individual instruction in a wide range of instruments.
Students can receive individual or group assistance with study skills.
Students can receive individual or group tutoring.
Students can receive individual reminders if requested.
Students can receive individual tutoring and learn stress management techniques.
Students can receive individual, small group, or walk-in tutoring.
Students can receive individualized assistance in conducting a job search.
Students can receive individualized counseling when needed.
Students can receive individualized help in reading, time management, and notetaking skills.
Students can receive information from specialists in a timely manner.
Students can receive instruction through the Internet and videotapes.
Students can receive interviews and jobs from the Alternate List.
Students can receive limited ethernet and software support from our student techs.
Students can receive many of the same services they receive at a campus.
Students can receive medical services through local community medical services and facilities.
Students can receive monetary support for up to two semesters of research.
Students can receive most of their educational experience where they live.
Students can receive one college credit each semester for participation with the paper.
Students can receive one graduate credit for the course.
Students can receive one graduate.
Students can receive one or two credits for working on the magazine.
Students can receive one unit of academic credit for academic internships.
Students can receive on-line processing and conditional approval.
Students can receive only one academic award.
Students can receive only one university academic scholarship.
Students can receive physical and mental healthcare services without leaving school.
Students can receive points by completing work and by participating in certain activities in class.
Students can receive pro-rated parking fees during study semesters.
Students can receive reduced-fee personal counseling from community professionals.
Students can receive rewards, incentives and prizes.
Students can receive scenario assignments in a main briefing area.
Students can receive senior standing only once.
Students can receive stipends or, in some cases, assistantships by serving as teaching aides.
Students can receive subsidized and non-subsidized loans for the same period.
Students can receive support in their self-study in one of the eighteen local study centres.
Students can receive the college credits free of charge.
Students can receive the list daily in their mailbox by subscribing to it.
Students can receive the same scope of services that they expect in their family physician's office.
Students can receive the shots at no cost.
Students can receive the waiver for up to five academic years.
Students can receive their allergy shots at no charge.
Students can receive their card at the terminal and save immediately.
Students can receive their stories in color or in black and white to color themselves.
Students can receive training and advice on the most useful software for their individual needs.
Students can receive training at community colleges.
Students can receive transcript recognition for lower-division honors studies.
Students can receive travel expenses for special conferences.
Students can receive tutoring on examples, terms, and exercises contained in their textbooks.
Students can receive two ticket vouchers for any one performance.
Students can receive university credit, stipend or volunteer opportunities are also available.
Students can receive unofficial transcripts.
Students can receive up to six academic credits for successful participation in the program.
Students can receive up to three college credits for their portfolio work.
Students can receive up to three credits of academic course work for the work experience.
Students can receive up to two hours of tutoring per week per subject.
Students can receive up to two years' salary as graduate assistants.
Students can receive updated lesson plans and class materials by downloading from the class site.
Students can receive various levels of intervention based on analyzed performance levels.
Students can recognize and understand concepts related to linear functions.
Students can recognize and understand concepts related to logarithmic and exponential functions.
Students can recognize and understand concepts related to quadratic functions.
Students can recognize differenct kinds of dinosaurs.
Students can recognize teachers from any period in their schooling.
Students can recognize the significance and importance of community service.
Students can recommend other students.
Students can record a demo tape in the class for personal use.
Students can record and compare their pronunciation with native speaker's.
Students can record and graph the number of tacks remaining upright each time the box is shaken.
Students can record and play back their voices and compare it to the teacher's.
Students can record difficulties they're having doing an activity or benefits they have received.
Students can record impressions of their reading in visual and written form.
Students can record in the same file, comments, observations and insights on what they have read.
Students can record lectures or take notes in class with the use of the laptop.
Students can record notes or questions for later revision.
Students can record the other student's favorite colors, foods, sports, hobbies, etc.
Students can record the stacks in a variety of ways, using illustrations, equations, and so on.
Students can record their answers on the worksheet as they complete the online activity.
Students can record their answers.
Students can record their feelings, thinking, and understandings.
Students can record their feelings, thoughts, and understandings.
Students can record their observations on the handouts provided.
Students can record their own voice and compare their pronunciation with the standard form.
Students can record their own voice and play it back to compare it with that of the native speaker.
Students can record their progress using electronic notes.
Students can record their stories on audio- or videotape.
Students can record their voice.
Students can record their voices and compare their pronunciation to the software audio.
Students can record their voices and listen to playback.
Students can recreate the map in the classroom.
Students can redeem their tokens online for fun and exciting prizes.
Students can redesign their balloons to see if they can improve the altitude obtained.
Students can reduce other student's risk of dying from alcohol poisoning.
Students can reduce the risk of school bus injury by following some safety guidelines.
Students can re-enroll depending upon program attendance.
Students can refer or add to the chart as necessary.
Students can refer themselves or their peers.
Students can refer themselves to mediation or a teacher, counselor, or dean can make a referral.
Students can refer to a reading assignment or other students postings or other shared resources.
Students can refer to posters of events that are visible in most places on campus.
Students can refer to the class schedule to see if the class opens up at a later date.
Students can refer to the guidelines for a good invention they outlined in lesson one.
Students can refer to the illustrations in the book to get ideas for their models.
Students can refer to their dance portfolios for ideas if they wish.
Students can refer to their data tables for ranges of values.
Students can refer to their portfolios if necessary.
Students can reflect critically on the ethical and cultural issues surrounding advertising.
Students can reflect on activities in a journal.
Students can reflect on different models, articles, etc.
Students can reflect on the validity of the survey results.
Students can reform groups as often as time allows.
Students can register and begin at any time during the school year.
Students can register and enter all of their profile information using the Profile Builder.
Students can register and have their resumes referred for both full-time and internship openings.
Students can register and learn at their own convenience, pace and place.
Students can register and pay for classes on-line via the computer.
Students can register and pay in one simple step.
Students can register and pay in one step.
Students can register and pay tuition for one class at a time.
Students can register and see what vacancies are available.
Students can register and use the system for contacts and advice.
Students can register any time during the semester as well as when registering for regular classes.
Students can register any time or during cap and gown measurements.
Students can register as a keypal or choose one of the keypals already registered.
Students can register at any time.
Students can register at anytime.
Students can register at the door on a space available basis.
Students can register at the first class.
Students can register at the university of their choice.
Students can register at their stated time and any time thereafter through the first day of class.
Students can register bicycles in any of the downtown municipal buildings or bicycle shops as well.
Students can register by Internet or fax.
Students can register by mail in or during walk though registration.
Students can register by mail or by calling our office.
Students can register by mail or in person .
Students can register by mail, on-campus, or directly at the class site.
Students can register by phone, fax, mail, or walk-in.
Students can register by phone, over the Internet, by mail, or by fax.
Students can register during the fall, spring, or summer terms for internship experiences.
Students can register during their appointment time or during Open Hours after their appointment.
Students can register either on a zero unit basis or for a half-unit per semester.
Students can register for a class on the first day of the course.
Students can register for a personalized site.
Students can register for an internship during any academic term.
Students can register for any class listed on the available schedules.
Students can register for any lab course listed above any time throughout the semester.
Students can register for any or all of the courses or just the exam.
Students can register for any session any time of year.
Students can register for any session, any time of year.
Students can register for both tests.
Students can register for classes by phone using the university's interactive voice response system.
Students can register for classes by three methods.
Students can register for classes online.
Students can register for classes with the permission of the instructor and the program director.
Students can register for classes, apply for financial aid and request student transcripts online.
Students can register for classes, check on financial aid pay their bills at one location.
Students can register for classes, take required entrance exams and meet other students.
Students can register for courses at any time throughout the year.
Students can register for courses at the beginning, intermediate and advanced level.
Students can register for courses either online or by fax.
Students can register for courses online.
Students can register for courses, and can navigate through personalized views of course material.
Students can register for courses, change their addresses, or request a grade report via a Web site.
Students can register for credit courses via an online registration form .
Students can register for each exam one semester only.
Students can register for either or both sessions.
Students can register for individual tracks or sign up for all three at a discount.
Students can register for it immediately.
Students can register for less than a full load at a reduced rate.
Students can register for one or both semesters.
Students can register for one or more sessions.
Students can register for one or two courses.
Students can register for one or two modules, and attend class one or two evenings a week.
Students can register for one to four of the month-long sessions.
Students can register for services throughout the semester.
Students can register for summer and fall classes at the open houses.
Students can register for summer courses through the first day of classes.
Students can register for the classes in Koln, Germany.
Students can register for the competition by emailing their abstracts to a designated person.
Students can register for the complete program or individual modules.
Students can register for the conference at a significantly reduced rate.
Students can register for the conference at the beginning of the course.
Students can register for the conference at the beginning of the Neuroscience course.
Students can register for the course and then proceed through the course material at their own pace.
Students can register for the courses in any order.
Students can register for the courses through a Utah college's continuing education division.
Students can register for the exams when they register for regular classes.
Students can register for the full program or for selected weekly sessions of interest.
Students can register for the M.Phil.
Students can register for the mini-session courses on the first day of class.
Students can register for the workshop after pre-registration ends.
Students can register for the workshops online or just show up anytime during the day.
Students can register for training in every branch of medical science.
Students can register for two, three or four credits per semester.
Students can register for up to six hours of thesis for completion of the degree.
Students can register for workshops at our Website, or sign up at the workshop classroom.
Students can register here to participate.
Students can register in advance for the excursions and trips offered.
Students can register in any appropriate semester.
Students can register in serveral ways.
Students can register now for both summer and fall classes.
Students can register now.
Students can register on or after their assigned registration time.
Students can register on or after their assigned time.
Students can register on or after their assigned times.
Students can register on the center's website .
Students can register on the first day of class.
Students can register on their own.
Students can register on-line and be notified of intern positions in the financial field.
Students can register online at the Technology Day web site .
Students can register online or through a touch-tone phone system.
Students can register online to take the test.
Students can register on-line, by following the link below.
Students can register on-line, by phone, or Email.
Students can register on-line.
Students can register only on the Web.
Students can register only one car at a time.
Students can register or apply by following the procedures indicated on the web.
Students can register the first day they attend class.
Students can register their email account here too.
Students can register themselves for the degree-seeking program f rom abroad .
Students can register themselves to get a username and password.
Students can register through alternative registration systems before the first day of class.
Students can register throughout the summer, up to the week before class begins.
Students can register to a maximum of five credits per term.
Students can register to take a single lesson or the entire program, all at a reasonable rate.
Students can register to vote here, or at home.
Students can register to win scholarships, concert tickets and more online.
Students can register up to the first day of class.
Students can register via the Internet.
Students can register, add or drop classes, and check on admissions and financial aid.
Students can register, drop and add classes, get on waiting lists, etc.
Students can reinforce or enhance existing skills and interests.
Students can reinforce their knowledge of algebra, geometry, and logic.
Students can relate a current event to a location.
Students can relate the collection contents to a timeline of women's rights.
Students can relate the musical exercise to a similar actvity in the five sport areas.
Students can relate the time of the year to changes in nature.
Students can relate time of year to changes in nature.
Students can relate to features in the field better than they can from textbooks.
Students can relate to one another in a driving aspect which actually coincides with behavior.
Students can relate to one another more easily than to a teacher.
Students can relate to the zany talkative characters who live in New York City.
Students can relate to young heroes.
Students can relax by the river on the college lawns.
Students can relax in the comfortable cafeteria.
Students can relax outside in the school gardens between breaks.
Students can relax, perhaps for the first time in high school.
Students can release their grown butterflies up to one week after they emerge from the chrysalis.
Students can relive moments of the past and gain insight to memorable events.
Students can rely on anything learned to date about the state of Florida.
Students can rely on background information or use other trade books.
Students can remain in Europe for further travel, or return to Denver for graduation.
Students can remove and change texts, add pictures and so on.
Students can remove the seed coat and split the bean to reveal the embryo inside.
Students can remove themselves from any list.
Students can remove, copy, clone, combine and recolor just about any element in a picture.
Students can renew books as often as needed unless there is a reserve on the book.
Students can renew books from their own dorm room computers.
Students can renew books indefinitely unless it is needed or wanted by another student.
Students can renew Internet accounts for one semester after they have been enrolled.
Students can renew the awards provided they continue to meet all eligibility requirements.
Students can rent a room, a studio or apartments in a nearby neighborhood.
Students can rent trucks, vans and sports utility vehicles for slightly higher prices.
Students can repay loans in other ways too.
Students can repeat a course only with the permission of their dean.
Students can repeat difficult concepts, or skip already mastered skill areas.
Students can repeat information they have Learned.
Students can repeat lessons as often as necessary.
Students can repeat lessons for reinforcement.
Students can repeat or skip any part of a lesson or leave a lesson entirely at any time.
Students can repeat the activity several times.
Students can repeat the course once if the content is different.
Students can repeat the entire conversation with the click of a button.
Students can repeat the experiments and learn from their mistakes.
Students can repeat the material until they gain mastery of it by reflecting on and analyzing it.
Students can repeat their trials to see if they get the same results.
Students can replace all the research options with an approved Sociology elective.
Students can replay the entire lecture or any part of it at their own pace.
Students can report and compute data, as well as document research.
Students can report later on the list's discussions.
Students can report on something they learned, observed, or experienced.
Students can report on their own pets, perhaps by drawing a picture or bringing in a photo.
Students can report orally on their research or hand in the worksheet to be graded by the teacher.
Students can report their findings to the class.
Students can report their research to the class.
Students can report their sampling methods, calculations, findings, in an essay or news story.
Students can represent an interaction graphically on an acrylic cube and on paper.
Students can represent ideas with objects that can be moved and rearranged.
Students can represent something in a group.
Students can represent the main effects as vectors on an acrylic cube and on paper.
Students can represent their knowledge of water through oral, written, and visual presentations.
Students can request a change of sponsor during the first quarter of participation in the program.
Students can request a conference and an adult oversees the meeting.
Students can request a course specific peer-tutor, free of charge.
Students can request a POP mail userid online.
Students can request a transcript in advance.
Students can request additional information and applications.
Students can request an entry or click on a collective list.
Students can request an extension of the incomplete grade, with the consent of the instructor.
Students can request an opportunity to respond to a mentor questionnaire in the orientation classes.
Students can request applications or apply on-line and full or partial scholarships are available.
Students can request APRs from the advising locations of their major.
Students can request assistance from copy center staff to retrieve materials.
Students can request assistance in transferring credits to four-years schools.
Students can request changes to the aid package according to their individual eligibility.
Students can request either a department to work in, or they are randomly assigned to a department.
Students can request for specific support groups to be implemented.
Students can request forms from the address below.
Students can request help in all lower division math courses.
Students can request housing in special areas oriented to a certain concern or lifestyle.
Students can request materials by course number or professor's name.
Students can request network connections via the web and query the status of their requests.
Students can request reciprocal privileges to use other law school career services offices.
Students can request specific topics through the help desk.
Students can request support at initial interview and at any time throughout the course.
Students can request that any or all items be deleted from information requests.
Students can request that their transcripts be sent to themselves .
Students can request that their transcripts be sent to themselves.
Students can request the type of permit they are eligible for and wish to purchase.
Students can request their own book if they find it necessary.
Students can request to be picked up at their hotel or condominium.
Students can request to check the notebooks out for homework or other projects.
Students can request to defer for up to one year.
Students can request to live with friends.
Students can request to see counselor at any time.
Students can research a topic from different points of view, places, and time.
Students can research a wide variety of art history topics.
Students can research and create a new database to lists specific details about dinosaurs.
Students can research and exchange information via the Internet.
Students can research and explain why the image viewed through their simple camera is upside down.
Students can research and read about a variety of topics using the site s clickable links.
Students can research and write about early American folk sayings.
Students can research animals of interest from different parts of the world.
Students can research assignments or stay in touch with loved ones at home.
Students can research biographical information.
Students can research birthstones and other gemstones.
Students can research bond prices, economic indicators, and growth rates.
Students can research books and materials easily by using computers .
Students can research books and materials easily by using computers.
Students can research career options utilizing manuals, software and videos.
Students can research careers, colleges, and employers through an extensive list of resources.
Students can research cities or regions.
Students can research different cultures and gain some insight into others' behaviors.
Students can research different topics and graph current values.
Students can research different types of music, including reggae, rock, country, pop, or classical.
Students can research historical events that occurred in that same year and create collages.
Students can research homes and other properties for purchase.
Students can research how beavers built their dams.
Students can research how terrrain effects weather patterns.
Students can research influencing factors as reports.
Students can research landforms in their region.
Students can research methods of population sampling used for other animals or plants.
Students can research or interview an ophthalmologist, an optometrist, or an optician.
Students can research orbits of other comets and orbits of planets.
Students can research organizations that also attempt to bring people together.
Students can research other cultures to see how they made mummies.
Students can research other instruments that are used in the cockpits of modern aircraft.
Students can research other novels by the author.
Students can research political splits based on religious differences.
Students can research recent real-life cases that have involved the Bill of Rights.
Students can research social studies topics on the internet.
Students can research the actual percentages of land and water on Earth.
Students can research the appropriate vital signs for their gender and age.
Students can research the different electrolytes used today.
Students can research the former East and West Germany.
Students can research the history of a traditional holiday, then invent a history for their holiday.
Students can research the history of movies and movie technology.
Students can research the history of nearby lighthouses or historic lighthouses.
Students can research the inhabitants of the aquarium.
Students can research the long term effects of global warming.
Students can research the necessary information to create a proposal.
Students can research the regulations governing waterfront property in their communities.
Students can research the roles of women in different historic eras and in different cultures.
Students can research the science behind the story and relate it to the current unit of study.
Students can research the topic and make the presentations themselves.
Students can research the topic or read a paper or book written by the guest scholar.
Students can research their topic on the Internet.
Students can research to find information for project.
Students can research to find out how their local sales tax is split.
Students can research topics such as environmental issues, careers and famous biologists.
Students can research Web sites as well as print material to construct a persuasive argument.
Students can research what laws regulate tobacco advertisements.
Students can research what techniques are used today in educating the deaf.
Students can research where pumpkins originated.
Students can research which foods make healthy snacks.
Students can reserach alone or in teams.
Students can reserve a room through our residence hall, or find private housing.
Students can reserve and search for books on the library computer systems.
Students can reserve blocks of time by using the sign-up sheets located outside each room.
Students can reserve cabins in the Oslo area, either for weekends or for shorter visits.
Students can reserve computer time and then use the computer as part of their study hall experience.
Students can reserve materials at the library from the network.
Students can reserve space in the lab in advance for up to three hours at a time.
Students can reserve study carrels at the beginning of each semester.
Students can reserve videos from the collections for class presentations.
Students can reside in the on-campus dormitories and are provided with the health service program.
Students can resign by mail.
Students can resign classes without academic penalty prior to a specific date each semester.
Students can resolve a force into two components using the parallelogram law.
Students can resolve the apparent conflict by investigating the accuracy of the models.
Students can respect each other by demonstrating several common courtesies.
Students can respect teachers by being quiet when a lesson in being taught and by staying on task.
Students can respond at the top of the document or within the paper.
Students can respond by audio.
Students can respond directly to the professor's teachings by typing on the computer.
Students can respond in their journals.
Students can respond in their Logbooks or turn in their written explanation at the end of the class.
Students can respond in two ways.
Students can respond informally to readings and class sessions.
Students can respond to ethical dilemmas in communication contexts.
Students can respond to simulations as if treating actual patients.
Students can respond to teachers in Spanish and talk to each other in Spanish.
Students can respond to the lesson and ask questions while they view the program.
Students can respond to the pictures in different ways.
Students can respond to the question in poem, song, diorama, brochure, report, etc.
Students can respond to the teacher either by voice or keyboard.
Students can respond with a writing activity.
Students can resubmit until they get the correct answer.
Students can retain the examination question paper.
Students can retain workbooks as a record of the career-related activities pursued in class.
Students can retake any failed examination once within one year of the first attempt.
Students can retake or make-up for free in any available classes.
Students can re-take parts of the test on which they score poorly.
Students can re-take sections that they fail.
Students can retake the failed test as many times as they want.
Students can retake the test at a later date to measure their gains in reading.
Students can retell stories into the tape recorder and type or braille the story at a later date.
Students can retell the story by writing panels to be placed on the wall hanging using markers.
Students can retell their favorite tales, or invent stories based on their own personal experiences.
Students can re-test once a quarter in any subject area.
Students can retrieve images via laserdisc or computer.
Students can retrieve information on courses in summary or in detail.
Students can retrieve it in the class, the lab, or from home.
Students can retrieve such items at the end of the school year.
Students can retrieve the electronic files from any PC with Web access on or off-campus.
Students can retrieve the information as needed.
Students can retrieve their marks, transcripts, class and exam timetables.
Students can return as often as they want to to retake practice tests.
Students can return books anytime they want and check out new material.
Students can return books early and check out new material.
Students can return to the main menu or ask for help or directions at any time.
Students can return to the same quiz over and over again to review vocabulary.
Students can return to the site and answer multiple choice questions about the content of the book.
Students can return to the topic for a quick review with the click of a link button.
Students can return to their old school in their old neighborhoods anytime.
Students can return to.
Students can reuse the book bag by placing the return mailing label over the old address label.
Students can reverse roles so each has an opportunity to squeeze the tennis ball.
Students can review a wide array of concepts quickly, easily, and independently.
Students can review and learn at their own pace.
Students can review and test on course material over the Internet.
Students can review assignments, grades, projects, and links to support assigned work.
Students can review basic skills, work on their GED, and complete their high school diploma.
Students can review college application forms online and print out copies as needed.
Students can review concepts in mass, volume and density.
Students can review current Ohio legislation.
Students can review each chapter on the disc by taking the pop quizzes and tests.
Students can review images for assignments, exams and other tasks via the Web.
Students can review items from several courses on each date.
Students can review lectures from throughout the term.
Students can review material on their own or with others in the center's study rooms.
Students can review silly lawsuits that are being reviewed on the Internet.
Students can review software lessons again and again without getting bored.
Students can review test previously taken.
Students can review the instructor's comments as soon as they are made.
Students can review the listings and contact rentors on their own.
Students can review the material as often as they wish and in their own time.
Students can review the slide shows at their own speeds before taking the topic quiz.
Students can review the videos over and over again until they master the subject.
Students can review their grades with the instructor as frequently as they wish.
Students can review their loan account and even change their address using their pin number.
Students can review their own grades in the course at any time.
Students can review video taping of interviews.
Students can review website and report on examples of wind instruments.
Students can revise their evaluations throughout the course.
Students can revisit units or specific modules as often as needed.
Students can rewrite the text using synonyms for each adjective.
Students can ride cost-free to any destination in the local area.
Students can ride for free if their families fall below a certain income level.
Students can role play a job interview situation where they portray the historical figure.
Students can roll it as a scribe or preserve it in a bottle to send to sea.
Students can rotate a photorealistic image of each tooth, viewing it from any angle.
Students can rotate from center to center, creating a poem as they go around.
Students can rotate from one workstation to the next.
Students can round their birth weight to the nearest pound.
Students can run at their own speed.
Students can 'run errands' during shopping trip for school staff.
Students can run forward and backward through a virtual slide show, either with or without captions.
Students can run in the event or sponsor a friend.
Students can run into time problems outside of class.
Students can run it as often as they wish until the problem set is due.
Students can run it from the Start Menu.
Students can run the movie and observe changes over time.
Students can run the quiz as many times as they wish or restart the quiz at any time.
Students can run their own seminars with leadership rotated amongst small groups.
Students can sail through recreational programs, as well as junior varsity and varsity teams.
Students can sample any of the courses below as electives.
Students can satisfy all of their everyday needs within walking distance of the campus.
Students can satisfy the foundation requirements by passing a departmentally administered area test.
Students can satisfy the math requirement by passing an exemption test or actually taking the class.
Students can satisfy their hunger cravings at the Subway.
Students can save and print items as needed when provided handouts and readings online.
Students can save and restart their adventures.
Students can save and restore circuits in progress and learn in beginner or expert mode.
Students can save bookmarks on a disk for use at a later date or on other computers.
Students can save both money and time.
Students can save corrected version to the hard drive.
Students can save examples of codes they see at other sites by saving Web pages they like.
Students can save files to the network and back up on a floppy disk.
Students can save material in a simple presentation format.
Students can save money by participating in one of the voluntary meal plans.
Students can save money during their first two years of their undergraduate studies.
Students can save money on transportation, accommodations, and obtain other discounts.
Students can save money when buying clothes, furniture, food, books, stationary, etc.
Students can save or print the contents of the small pop up window to polish it.
Students can save selected work to an electronic portfolio.
Students can save the doctor time that can be traded for teaching time.
Students can save the file to disk and then look at the file at their leisure.
Students can save their documents to disk and print their papers in the labs.
Students can save their recordings and compare their progress over time.
Students can save their work and print out their results.
Students can save their work both on network accounts and floppy disks.
Students can save their work in individual portfolios.
Students can save time with prescription refills by calling the pharmacy in advance.
Students can save to a disk or the hard drive.
Students can save travel time by taking a class closer to their home or work.
Students can save up to get future courses or a term free.
Students can say yes or true if the teacher's mime and the student's description matches.
Students can scan the content of the chapter to confirm their answers.
Students can scan the course schedule to determine when topics are covered.
Students can schedule a regular weekly session with a tutor to meet throughout the entire semester.
Students can schedule an appointment or drop-in at posted times.
Students can schedule appointments as their schedule permits.
Students can schedule appointments at any UHS office.
Students can schedule appointments either on an as-needed basis or as regular weekly meetings.
Students can schedule appointments or walk in for help at any stage in the writing process.
Students can schedule classes flexibly during daytimes, evenings, or a combination.
Students can schedule extended visits, surgeries etc. during breaks - consult the school calendar.
Students can schedule individual appointments with their advisers here.
Students can schedule individual interviews and participate in specially designed workshops.
Students can schedule the exam throughout the year, computer format only.
Students can schedule training in small units as time permits.
Students can score participation points for solid objections.
Students can score the inventory under teacher guidance.
Students can scroll to a different part of grades.xls or create a new spreadsheet.
Students can search alphabetically for college information by state or province.
Students can search by author, title and subject.
Students can search by author, title, or subject to locate a book.
Students can search by common or scientific name or by location, status, or ecological community.
Students can search by content, illustrations, advertisements, or date.
Students can search by date, month, holiday, country, and even author.
Students can search by inventor's name or invention.
Students can search by job title and location and see actual ads from real employers.
Students can search by keyword, geographic region, and skill and language requirements.
Students can search by location, program type, institution type, and program keywords.
Students can search by name, keyword, or date.
Students can search by school to buy, sell and swap used books, used textbooks.
Students can search by subject and general age group.
Students can search by subject, keyword, or by parts of the bibliographic record.
Students can search by title, author, subject or ISBN number at the Web site.
Students can search by title, medium, or category.
Students can search by topic or by subject.
Students can search by topic to see a list of sites with appropriate pictures and graphics.
Students can search co-op positions in COOL either by their coordinator's name or by their college.
Students can search easily by zip code or by country.
Students can search for a particular artist or piece of artwork and zoom in to see the details.
Students can search for books at the six computers in the library or in their classroom.
Students can search for books by subject, author or title.
Students can search for books on various topics, specific grade levels, or favorite authors.
Students can search for careers and colleges based on characteristics they choose.
Students can search for careers that match their interests, skills, abilities, and personality.
Students can search for classes by campus, level of study, location, time, and course level.
Students can search for colleges and scholarships that meet specific criteria.
Students can search for colleges and scholarships.
Students can search for colleges based on a profile of the types of schools they are interested in.
Students can search for colleges based on location, program, or degree offerings.
Students can search for course related material by using the course reserve search option.
Students can search for courses by subject, level, institution and state.
Students can search for descriptions of many types of workers and their jobs.
Students can search for different sounds in the online database.
Students can search for examples of animal disguises in library books or on the internet.
Students can search for information by typing in a key word.
Students can search for information for term papers, science projects, and book reports.
Students can search for internship listings by career area, location, etc.
Students can search for jobs by different categories such as hiring department and job title.
Students can search for jobs, join in on career related chats and more.
Students can search for materials at computer workstations using the online catalog.
Students can search for materials from any computer in the building.
Students can search for opportunities by industry category, job title, or company name.
Students can search for soldiers, sailors, regiments, battles, prisoners, and more.
Students can search for the material by faculty name or by course number.
Students can search for undergraduate research opportunities by state, keyword, etc.
Students can search for verbs in four different ways.
Students can search for web sites on particular subjects through the library's online catalog.
Students can search huge databases to seek scholarships for which they meet the qualifications.
Students can search it unique site using keywords.
Students can search job leads, post resumes and find other helpful career information.
Students can search job leads, post resumes, and find other helpful career information.
Students can search jobs and post their resumes.
Students can search listings by type and reply directly to employers.
Students can search on secession and slave to see maps depicting newly admitted states.
Students can search on the names of the capitals.
Students can search online for summer jobs.
Students can search other libraries titles by author, keyword, subject and title.
Students can search our internship database and get career advice.
Students can search out and share other examples of each poet's work.
Students can search profiles of alumni for career advice.
Students can search the archive for materials from the Civil War era.
Students can search the archive to see how others have treated such topics as graduation.
Students can search the collection on railroad to see where rail lines traveled.
Students can search the database by artist or title of a work.
Students can search the database by artistic period, artist's name, location, or date.
Students can search the database for job opportunities.
Students can search the database to travel in time to any date by including the month and day.
Students can search the entire course content by phrase or keyword.
Students can search the entire Internet to find information for their reports.
Students can search the existing archive by month, holiday, keywords, or author.
Students can search the full-text by selecting a subject area, then entering search terms.
Students can search the Internet for newspapers in affected regions.
Students can search the Internet for research purposes.
Students can search the online library catalog to find a book by title, subject, and keyword.
Students can search the Web by subject when they research papers and prepare for tests.
Students can search thousands of study abroad programs, work options, and scholarships.
Students can search through a list of job postings currently available.
Students can search through the system by career interest, age and company location.
Students can search through thousands of graduate school listings by subject and geography.
Students can search to find a price for the car of their dreams.
Students can search using a United States map or by selecting a category.
Students can search via the unit code or lecturer name.
Students can secure jobs prior to departure - or, in most cases, a few days after arrival.
Students can see a line where letters used to be.
Students can see a list of all the courses available.
Students can see a map, flag and basic facts about most countries in the world.
Students can see a therapist four times each year at no cost.
Students can see a tutor by booking an appointment or by dropping-in.
Students can see a wide selection of original language films here.
Students can see a wide selection of original language films or laser discs here.
Students can see all the questions at once and can answer the questions in any order they wish.
Students can see an audiovisual presentation, and mill equipment and millstones for grinding.
Students can see an idea of how to write several procedures to create a tessellation.
Students can see and hear each other simultaneously whether across the state or around the world.
Students can see and hear instructors teaching, while instructors can see and hear students.
Students can see and listen to their partners and new friends.
Students can see and understand, without working through dense textual material.
Students can see announcements, use a bulletin board, and access course links and syllabi.
Students can see any full or part-time advisor on their team.
Students can see any other member of their team if that provider is unavailable.
Students can see archaeologists at work.
Students can see at any time where they stand in terms of assignment completion and proficiency.
Students can see bug parts that are undetectable to the naked eye.
Students can see colonial crafters and participate in a variety of colonial activities.
Students can see counselors on a drop-in basis during the hours listed below.
Students can see demonstrations of several recent study projects and are encouraged to attend.
Students can see diagrams and models of the various tissues that make up an eye.
Students can see differences and similarities in people and objects.
Students can see each other's answers.
Students can see first-hand how countries are different from one another in culture and structure.
Students can see history come alive.
Students can see how changes in the stream and water runoff effect pollution.
Students can see how erosion occurs and learn how to prevent it in their own schoolgrounds.
Students can see how fossils form in sedimentary rocks and take home a painted necklace.
Students can see how mathematics relates to everyday life.
Students can see how restriction enzymes, gel electrophoresis, and probe hybridization work.
Students can see how the connections are supposed to be used.
Students can see how the contamination levels increase as the trophic level increases.
Students can see how well their solutions perform and can make adjustments.
Students can SEE it from anywhere in the room.
Students can see long-term effects quickly and develop an awareness of the environment.
Students can see mathematical structures emerging from the relationships.
Students can see misinformation and propaganda in action.
Students can see only their own grades and feedback.
Students can see overseas study as a break from reality.
Students can see practical examples of how statistics can be used to support decision-making.
Students can see presentations on a variety of topics from chemistry to subliminal messages.
Students can see prices and see what the companies have to offer.
Students can see root hairs under the microscope as an enrichment activity.
Students can see scores for another course without needing to use Back.
Students can see some of the instrumentation, labs, greenhouse and animal facilty.
Students can see teachers and materials .
Students can see that the interwoven structure is stronger than the parallel structure.
Students can see that their own community has all the exotic wonder of the distant expeditions.
Students can see the actual objects in motion rather than having to mentally visualize it.
Students can see the big picture and absorb the material more deeply.
Students can see the changes at a glance.
Students can see the changes on the screen.
Students can see the commitment, excitement and frustration of trying to save species.
Students can see the counselors through self referral, staff referral, or parent referral.
Students can see the errors they made in each item as well as their score for each exercise.
Students can see the instructor and each other and the central screen from their seats.
Students can see the lecturer and respond to questions in real time.
Students can see the lush vegetation that covers the area.
Students can see the membership of each of the teams.
Students can see the milking process first hand and learn about pasteurisation and homogenisation.
Students can see the physiological changes that take place in the male during sexual stimulation.
Students can see the practical application of the things they are learning.
Students can see the process written out and therefore have a better understanding of said process.
Students can see the projects of previous winners and get help with their own project.
Students can see the related word forms for each word.
Students can see the results of their tests immediately.
Students can see the section shown below in orange.
Students can see the structure, organization and operation of a real research project.
Students can see the wide variety of activities that make up science.
Students can see the word as it is written and simutaneously hear the word properly pronounced.
Students can see their grades, upload assignments, see assignments and due dates.
Students can see their own progress through reading checkouts and by keeping error data.
Students can see their own progress.
Students can see their professors and chat with their fellow students, all from their homes.
Students can see their results in graph form or recorded in a table.
Students can see their scores right away.
Students can see themselves from four different angles.
Students can see things as they happen and ask questions of the participants.
Students can see tutors on a drop-in basis or appointments can be scheduled.
Students can see various degree completion options with the on-line curriculum sheets .
Students can see what a research group is like and gain experience with sophisticated equipment.
Students can see what happens when each variable is changed.
Students can see what they missed and take responsibility for getting it.
Students can seek advice from a variety of sources while at university.
Students can seek certification in the following fields.
Students can seek community service credit through their public schools.
Students can seek counseling services individually or in small groups through the counseling center.
Students can seek help at any of the instructional computer labs on campus.
Students can seek help concerning academic performance and career choices.
Students can seek out advice and information while trying to make tough career decisions.
Students can seek out organizations that specialize in different areas of advertising.
Students can seek teacher support for clarification of strategies and techniques.
Students can seem bored, listless, and demotivated, a constant source of frustration for teachers.
Students can select a color from the pH range to represent the continuum of signed numbers.
Students can select a grading scheme in some courses.
Students can select a minor or supporting area to enhance specific areas of interest.
Students can select a modular programme related to personal interests and career aspirations.
Students can select a point of view and write their paper.
Students can select a position in a certain field for a year either at home or overseas.
Students can select a short, medium, or long list.
Students can select a single answer or rank a set of answers from most to least correct.
Students can select a test, print their results, or review their responses.
Students can select a thesis or nonthesis option for the master's degree.
Students can select a thesis or non-thesis option.
Students can select a title from stories on a variety of themes, such as holidays, adventure, etc.
Students can select agencies based on agency function, student role and geographical preferences.
Students can select among several local program sites.
Students can select an early or late day schedule.
Students can select an individual programme related to personal interests.
Students can select an instrument to construct from different alternatives.
Students can select and change the substances and vary the incidenting ray of light.
Students can select and employ resources, employ strategies and assess their overall progress.
Students can select and integrate written, audio and video elements to convey a unified message.
Students can select any course combination suitable for their individual and academic needs.
Students can select any courses consistent with the minimum requirements for graduation.
Students can select any field of study.
Students can select any or all of the items to narrow their search for an on-campus position.
Students can select any three books from the five required readings.
Students can select brush sizes and colors while drawing their picture.
Students can select classes consistent with abilities and interests.
Students can select courses and an internship to prepare for and explore various career options.
Students can select courses at whatever location and timeframe that fits their needs and schedule.
Students can select courses focusing on child care administration.
Students can select courses from both English language and content areas.
Students can select courses in a variety of disciplines.
Students can select courses suitable for their own needs during the third year.
Students can select courses suited to a particular field of interest.
Students can select courses to fit their language and content course needs.
Students can select either a hardware track, a software track or both.
Students can select either a thesis or nonthesis option.
Students can select either an individual project or a collaborative project.
Students can select feedback answers such as faster, perfect, slower and please review.
Students can select four exploratories in each quarter.
Students can select from a broad range of subjects included in the additional courses listed below.
Students can select from a number of types of paper for balloon construction.
Students can select from a variety of meal plans to fit their individual time needs.
Students can select from a wide array of courses, ranging from calculus to social work.
Students can select from a wide range of electives in music and the fine arts.
Students can select from among the following subjects.
Students can select from any of the assigned cases, with the exception of the two written cases.
Students can select from diversified art class offerings ranging from ceramics to furniture design.
Students can select from hundreds of animals, plants, people, and objects.
Students can select from major, minor, or certificate academic programs.
Students can select from many technical and engineering disciplines.
Students can select from over two hundred courses in a wide range of areas.
Students can select from several available electives to fulfill the certificate requirements.
Students can select from single, double and triple rooms.
Students can select from three diverse dining options.
Students can select from three levels of difficulty.
Students can select from thumbnails to see enlarged images.
Students can select jobs or field experiences related to writing and communication skills.
Students can select modules in any order as long as the prerequisites are filled.
Students can select one of the following tracks.
Students can select one of the poems in the collection and write a prose piece on the same theme.
Students can select one or more examinations from the series.
Students can select one or none.
Students can select only one teacher from their entire academic experience.
Students can select or be assigned four common writing problems per round.
Students can select photos that illustrate a work of non-fiction or fiction.
Students can select pictures they wish to view and read brief text that explains the pictures.
Students can select problems on their own or let the program decide the next suitable problem.
Students can select research rotations and mentors from the faculty in any of the four departments.
Students can select single, double and dormitory bedrooms.
Students can select some pictures of ordinary items or familiar scenes from the newspaper.
Students can select specialized courses that center upon geographical areas or ethnic groups.
Students can select specific courses to serve as tools to provide new and unique solutions.
Students can select stock from imaginary companies to trade.
Students can select support courses to strengthen their overall education.
Students can select the class according to their interests.
Students can select the exam schedule and look at the topics included for that exam.
Students can select the host department and adviser.
Students can select the level of difficulty at which they wish to engage a particular grammar topic.
Students can select the level of difficulty themselves.
Students can select the most appropriate module for their ability and interest level.
Students can select the number, format and subject of their tests.
Students can select the order of topics and spend more time on certain topics than others.
Students can select the program that best meets their career goals.
Students can select their intended majors, size of school and preferred geographical regions.
Students can select their mentors either geographically or by specialty.
Students can select their own photos and begin the above process.
Students can select their own roommates.
Students can select their school, then search for books by professor, course name or discipline.
Students can select their teammates.
Students can select to see a short list of possible answers to the questions.
Students can select videos about blood cells and skin cells.
Students can select where they wish to perform the internship.
Students can select whether to use scale degree numbers or movable Do solfege.
Students can select widely or concentrate in a particular area of interest.
Students can select wind as the parameter to be displayed.
Students can self correct or exchange cards with each other to check on their own comprehension.
Students can self refer or be referred by a teacher, counselor, or an administrator.
Students can self refer to mediation, or be referred by staff or parents.
Students can self-check by placing a map of the world close by.
Students can self-enroll for any class open to the category they belong to from the class catalog.
Students can self-nominate their finest work or can be nominated by their mentors.
Students can self-order some laboratory tests including pregnancy and blood glucose.
Students can self-refer.
Students can self-select their own topics.
Students can sell back books during the last week of each semester.
Students can sell candy for a quarter.
Students can sell the produce to their parents with the proceeds going to help the school.
Students can sell their books back at the end of the semester or during finals week.
Students can sell their textbooks on consignment or by the wholesale process.
Students can sell used books and buy from other students directly.
Students can send a card to a friend or family member.
Students can send accompanying illustrations in the mail.
Students can send an email card to a friend.
Students can send and receive electronic mail only within our buildings.
Students can send and receive email and faxes.
Students can send and receive email at no cost.
Students can send and receive email.
Students can send and receive e-mails as well as surf the web for a small charge.
Students can send and receive faxes from our designated fax line.
Students can send and receive feedback and share examples of their writing.
Students can send and receive their mail from only that computer.
Students can send email from the classroom to other students or instructors.
Students can send email to be answered.
Students can send faxes for a small charge.
Students can send for several prospectuses and compare prices.
Students can send holidays greetings to the explorers.
Students can send in illustrations to the stories to be printed online.
Students can send in questions, too.
Students can send in stories.
Students can send in their original solutions to real problems.
Students can send instantaneous messages to their teacher via email.
Students can send papers any time of the day, from anywhere.
Students can send private email messages about their work to each other and to the designer.
Students can send questions before attending the class so instructors can do preliminary research.
Students can send questions by e-mail for a couple of hours after the help desk closes.
Students can send questions or comments back via e-mail to their mentor.
Students can send questions to the shuttle crews.
Students can send questions, comments or concerns at a moment's notice.
Students can send questions, receive homework help and get e-mail responses to their queries.
Students can send remarks or questions to the teacher without leaving the program.
Students can send their applications to many colleges and universities via a single form.
Students can send their finished card around the world.
Students can send their opinion about others' written appreciation through the e-mail.
Students can send their papers to professors by E-mail.
Students can send their papers to the lab via e-mail for online assistance.
Students can send, read, and delete an e-mail message.
Students can sequence the various movements into dance phrases of various lengths.
Students can serve as apprentice zookeepers at the nearby zoo or aquarium.
Students can serve as hosts, help set the menu, and provide entertainment.
Students can serve as internet research assistants for both students and faculty.
Students can serve as photographers, photo editors, copywriters, and page designers.
Students can set goals and feel good about their progress.
Students can set the colors and display options, rather than using options set by the instructor.
Students can set the constraints and look at the results.
Students can set the tempo at which the patterns are played.
Students can set the type and strength of the buffer and indicator used.
Students can set their own hours.
Students can set up a PAWS account and check e-mail or use the Internet.
Students can set up a personalized profile and receive a targeted list of funding sources to try.
Students can set up an email account at any campus computer center.
Students can set up and solve proportions.
Students can set up appointments with Stallings by calling or by signing up at the door.
Students can set up internet accounts from the workstations in the library.
Students can set up Internet accounts from the workstations in the library.
Students can set up network accounts online.
Students can set up other role-plays incorporating estimation.
Students can set up their data base using a commercially available program.
Students can set up their phone service at the front desk.
Students can share a flat with four, five, six or seven others.
Students can share a laptop and take turns to view, input, and analyze data.
Students can share a photo if desired or necessary.
Students can share about themselves or share projects with a global audience.
Students can share and compare their experiences and learn from one another.
Students can share applications and create online project teams.
Students can share art work and musical compositions, chat with new friends, and explore the world.
Students can share between themselves, or the teacher can present simultaneously to numerous sites.
Students can share brief assignments among themselves and learn from each others' ideas.
Students can share documents, review grades, and visit external Web sites.
Students can share drafts of written work with the instructor or peers for review and suggestions.
Students can share everyday life with Argentine people.
Students can share expertise and learn from experts that are both in and out of the classrooms.
Students can share favorite poems by giving a Favorite Poem reading.
Students can share feelings about their classroom experiences.
Students can share files in course space.
Students can share ideas with their peers who have similar interests in biology.
Students can share ideas, images, and other documents .
Students can share in a flat with either four, five, six or seven others.
Students can share information on literature sources, format, and questions to deal with.
Students can share information with the rest of the class and gain experience presenting to a group.
Students can share new facts and stories that they uncover in their searches.
Students can share newspapers.
Students can share notes more easily, for more effective learning.
Students can share orally at the end of class or write a short response.
Students can share papers instantaneously.
Students can share publishing projects in any classroom.
Students can share related content by leading the class to a Website.
Students can share science projects, experiments, and research with other students via computer.
Students can share situations and solutions with the entire class.
Students can share solutions to common challenges that they and their organizations face.
Students can share some ideas and vocabulary during group discussion as a pre-writing activity.
Students can share study tips and uplifting experiences.
Students can share the communication and knowledge in small groups as well as large groups.
Students can share the equations they came up with.
Students can share the instructor's wheel and loom or bring one from home.
Students can share the Mexican food dishes while they complete step two.
Students can share the narratives with their writing response groups.
Students can share the projects they have created during their study.
Students can share the responses they receive with the class.
Students can share their answers in a future class.
Students can share their best ideas with the class.
Students can share their brochures with each other.
Students can share their circles with each other, narrating the changes seen through the window.
Students can share their discoveries.
Students can share their findings more easily.
Students can share their information and hold related discussions as time permits.
Students can share their kits and can work other student kits.
Students can share their knowledge, act as mentors, as well as learn from others.
Students can share their lists orally.
Students can share their memoirs with each other.
Students can share their own poetry and read other kids' poetry.
Students can share their own works and links to a collection of web sites appropriate for children.
Students can share their plans and even help one another enhance their skills and reach their goal.
Students can share their puppets with the class.
Students can share their reports in small groups or in a class discussion.
Students can share their research and writing about women.
Students can share their research with each other.
Students can share their research with the class.
Students can share their song with the class if they wish.
Students can share their thoughts and impressions.
Students can share their thoughts when finished.
Students can share their work.
Students can share their writings when finished.
Students can share tips they've discovered.
Students can share what they learn through the Arts.
Students can share what they wrote when finished.
Students can share with each other experiences and interests.
Students can share with the class their ideas that have been written on paper.
Students can share writing, riddles, reports, family history or timelines on their web pages.
Students can sharpen their skills with a variety of games, practice sessions and mind puzzlers.
Students can shoot for extra points, also, by throwing a paper wad into a circle on floor.
Students can shop at our school store, The Snack Shack .
Students can shop our online merchandise catalogue or purchase textbooks online.
Students can show and prove their ideas by designing OpenIPCores.
Students can show and prove their ideas through OpenHW .
Students can show that they enjoyed their experience here.
Students can show their responses and create personal works in a wide variety of forms.
Students can show their talents by entering any of our contests designed for their grade level.
Students can show their TCU IDs for free admittance.
Students can show up during the scheduled times, and no registration is required.
Students can sign a residence hall room and board contract any time during the academic year.
Students can sign guest book and respond to questionnaire.
Students can sign in and post their opinions.
Students can sign in independently.
Students can sign on individually, in small groups, or as a whole class.
Students can sign out a practice room while they wait for an ensemble room to open up.
Students can sign the books out to practice reading at home with their families.
Students can sign their name on the masking tape.
Students can sign up and pay for trips once they are announced in class.
Students can sign up and pay on the day of the workshop.
Students can sign up at student life.
Students can sign up attendance online only during the specified meeting time period.
Students can sign up by phone or in person.
Students can sign up by the semester, with applications due one month and one day in advance.
Students can sign up daily.
Students can sign up during the first week of the quarter.
Students can sign up for a account in person or online.
Students can sign up for a free email address, that's accessible from anywhere.
Students can sign up for a maximum of six credit hours.
Students can sign up for a number of different programs.
Students can sign up for a time on the sign up sheet on the auditorium doors.
Students can sign up for a weekly half hour appointment with a coach.
Students can sign up for a wide variety of sports and exercise-related activities.
Students can sign up for additional courses in that department at regular advanced registration.
Students can sign up for an appointment during a study hall, lunch, or before and after school.
Students can sign up for as many courses as their schedule permits.
Students can sign up for classes and see how well they like it.
Students can sign up for classes that match their interests.
Students can sign up for eight-week courses in art, life science lab, computers, Spanish and more.
Students can sign up for either undergraduate and graduate credit for either course.
Students can sign up for free homework help from a live volunteer.
Students can sign up for graduate or undergraduate credit.
Students can sign up for individual appointments to get help on papers and essays.
Students can sign up for it as an independent study under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students can sign up for one or a number of classes each semester.
Students can sign up for one or both sessions.
Students can sign up for one, two, or all sessions.
Students can sign up for one, two, or more sessions.
Students can sign up for one, two, or three units.
Students can sign up for supply lockers.
Students can sign up for that.
Students can sign up for the program through the principal's office at their school.
Students can sign up for their individual tutorial times during their first group meeting.
Students can sign up for tutoring.
Students can sign up for two half-hour appointments per week.
Students can sign up for ushering and see the show at no cost.
Students can sign up in the cafeteria around that time.
Students can sign up in the drop-in area on the third floor of the library.
Students can sign up individually or in groups.
Students can sign up on the registry through any computer that can access the Internet.
Students can sign up there or at the door.
Students can sign up to play against each other at their convenience.
Students can sign up until the first day of classes.
Students can sign up until the last trip.
Students can sign up with their math teacher and take home the permission slip to be signed.
Students can sign-on at any time of the day or night from any computer linked to the Internet.
Students can similarly annotate the resulting image on their computers.
Students can similarly form maps of their town, maps of a jungle and maps of their school.
Students can simply drop by, or write, fax or telephone the centre at any time.
Students can simply fill a set of glasses with different amounts of water.
Students can simply practice measuring the heat of a chemical reaction.
Students can simply show up about ten minutes beforehand to register.
Students can simply show up at any time during the drop-in hours.
Students can simulate laboratory exercises by conducting experiments electronically.
Students can simulate real materials using cardboard boxes, fabric, wood scraps, etc.
Students can simulate the sounds by making a miniature iceberg out of soda water.
Students can simultaneously log into the site with the same username and password.
Students can sing as they act out grinding corn.
Students can sit for the exam through one or two different streams.
Students can sit in a circle.
Students can sit in decent seats and take in a ballgame for a total of four dollars.
Students can sit in the canteen and relax with their friends.
Students can sit the agr gation examination with a ma trise or grande cole diploma.
Students can six hours of English undergraduate or graduate credit.
Students can ski in the winter and camp or take raft trips on the Colorado River in the summer.
Students can ski in their winter break.
Students can skim the lines of tags, looking for places to insert their own text.
Students can skip the personal information section and log in by first name only.
Students can skip, gallop, etc.
Students can sleep in the classroom.
Students can slide the df to see the change in the density.
Students can slip the posters under it.
Students can smell a lazy question a mile away and respond with diminished effort.
Students can smooth the layers by gently jiggling the bottles back and forth.
Students can snack, watch the movie or take a swim if they choose.
Students can snorkel down to ship and examine colony of pillar coral on bow.
Students can solve a variety of equations, inequalities, and systems of equations.
Students can solve current or past problems.
Students can solve equations and inequalities involving absolute values.
Students can solve for the hypotenuse given the length of the legs.
Students can solve math problems by moving manipulatives on the screen.
Students can solve problems, check answers, and review math concepts.
Students can solve quantitative problems by using mathematical skills and current technology.
Students can solve that, too.
Students can solve the first problem at least two ways and explain their results.
Students can solve the problem without destroying the Beral-type pipets.
Students can sometimes find jobs related to their field of study.
Students can sort pictures, compare things in mind maps and comparison charts.
Students can sort the cards to the appropriate number family to help reinforce the partners.
Students can sort the polygons and describe why they are grouped in certain ways.
Students can speak any language they wish on the playground.
Students can speak effectively in front of a group and as part of a group.
Students can speak effectively in front of a group or as a part of a group.
Students can speak effectively in front of a group or as part of a group.
Students can speak effectively in front of a group, or as part of a group.
Students can speak out through letter writing campaigns, protests and petitions.
Students can speak to any customer service representative to set up the account.
Students can specialise in either the natural or social sciences, or take a combination of both.
Students can specialise in painting, sculpture, performance film, video and many other media.
Students can specialise in the areas of science or engineering in the second semester.
Students can specialize further according to their preferences in the latter half of the program.
Students can specialize in any one of four areas of fire protection technology.
Students can specialize in any periods of history or mix and match periods to suit their interests.
Students can specialize in areas of interest through the technical electives in the program.
Students can specialize in ceramic and glass art or product design.
Students can specialize in dairy cattle, meat animals or horses.
Students can specialize in either mechanical systems or energy systems.
Students can specialize in leisure services management or therapeutic recreation.
Students can specialize in more than one area of counseling.
Students can specialize in one area or both.
Students can specialize in one of the areas of rehabilitation, such as communication disorders.
Students can specialize in poetry, short story, novel, memoir and other areas.
Students can specialize in regions and topics.
Students can specialize in virtually all areas of study concerned with forest resources.
Students can specialize with courses in pure and applied mathematics and statistics.
Students can specialize within the degree.
Students can speculate on the best cleanup materials.
Students can spend all their class time on experiments and leave the number-crunching to computers.
Students can spend days exploring all the information.
Students can spend more time learning out of class than they do in class.
Students can spend more time learning, and there's more face time with the teacher.
Students can spend much of their time working in small groups in a cooperative setting.
Students can spend one semester or an academic year abroad.
Students can spend the day on Jackson Lake, hiking in the mountains, or relaxing in town.
Students can spend the final few days finishing any incomplete work.
Students can spend up to two semesters in a co-op.
Students can spice things up by creating their puzzle using some of the more exotic fonts.
Students can split into teams to act out hypothetical customer service and sales scenarios.
Students can sponsor themselves either partly or in full.
Students CAN sponsor themselves, either partly or in full .
Students can sponsor themselves, either partly or in full.
Students can spot pretentiousness a mile away.
Students can spray a fine mist of water in bright sunlight to produce a rainbow.
Students can spread their entire trip over a monthly payment plan.
Students can stand out in dozens of ways.
Students can staple or fasten their pages together when complete.
Students can start almost any bachelor's degree here.
Students can start and stop the recorder for audio equipment.
Students can start and stop the recorder for both video and audio equipment.
Students can start anytime and work at speeds suitable to their needs.
Students can start anytime, and proceed at their own speed.
Students can start assessing their skills and personality traits as early as freshman year.
Students can start at any level.
Students can start at any of the levels depending on their knowledge.
Students can start at their own level and learn the subjects at their own pace.
Students can start building good credit.
Students can start by talking about adaptations in many contexts.
Students can start classes daily.
Students can start courses at the beginning of first, and in some cases, second semester.
Students can start early as a student assistant for a professor in the undergraduate major.
Students can start fall or spring semester.
Students can start IB prep classes as early as sixth grade.
Students can start in either program.
Students can start in fall or spring.
Students can start in fall or summer.
Students can start in fall or winter.
Students can start in fall, spring, or summer.
Students can start in fall, winter, or spring.
Students can start in fall, winter, or summer.
Students can start in fall, winter, spring, or summer.
Students can start in fall.
Students can start in summer.
Students can start on any review session class.
Students can start participating at stock shows when they're nine years old if they wish.
Students can start planning now for an exciting job search.
Students can start specialising and pursuing particular interests.
Students can start taking courses in the two year degree program any quarter.
Students can start the course at any time of the year.
Students can start the course at any time, and come to school whenever they want.
Students can start the program at any time and move forward at their own pace.
Students can start the program at either time.
Students can start the program at the beginning of any semester, including mid-year.
Students can start their internships in the upper sophomore year after a major is declared.
Students can start their program in any of the three semesters.
Students can start their search for biology related sites here.
Students can start their studies in any semester.
Students can start their studies in the first or the second semester.
Students can start their studies in the first, second or third trimester.
Students can start to plan what they're going to take.
Students can start with an individual appointment in either office.
Students can start work after the examinations in the summer.
Students can state a judgment and support it with concrete evidence.
Students can state any guesses as to the correct translation.
Students can state differences between arctic, tropical, and temperate climates.
Students can state differences between butterflies and moths.
Students can state key performance cues for basic movement patterns such as throwing and catching.
Students can stay at a nearby state park in exchange for similar work in the park.
Students can stay by for a special time of singing, sharing, special music, readings and prayer.
Students can stay close to home while starting on their bachelor's degree.
Students can stay dry thanks to the construction of a bridge on the east end of the trails.
Students can stay for half an hour, the entire time, or sometime in between.
Students can stay in single or double rooms equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
Students can stay in the apartments but pay the monthly rent themselves.
Students can stay in the dormitory at no charge.
Students can stay in touch with the instructor via regular emails.
Students can stay in whatever hotel they wish and whatever location they prefer.
Students can stay on after the course if they wish.
Students can stay on top of their grades, and parents can monitor their students' achievements.
Students can stay with a local family or share a house or apartment with other students.
Students can still call other students by dialing their four-digit extension.
Students can still come in during the summer to adjust their schedule.
Students can still come into any of the four campuses and use a lab computer to access the Internet.
Students can still complete their Management major including advanced concentrations.
Students can still discover the world wide web in a controlled atmosphere.
Students can still elect to take the final exam if needed to improve grades.
Students can still make schedule changes through the fifth day of the semester.
Students can still meet faculty members in the morning session.
Students can still move from low to higher distribution gains on the scale.
Students can still participate in small group discussions and collaborative projects, as well.
Students can still register for the class.
Students can still register in person.
Students can still sign up for study abroad trips.
Students can still submit papers and other assignments.
Students can still take a total of nine credits.
Students can still use images from their own videotaped motion events.
Students can still use slogin .
Students can still wear any type of sneaker as long as it is appropriate for class activities.
Students can stop attending lab after they have turned in all projects.
Students can stop by or call to make an appointment with a career counselor.
Students can stop by the advisor's desk to chat on their way to meals or the laundry room.
Students can stop in for tutoring.
Students can stop in the hours above without any appointment, just walk in and be tutored.
Students can stop or start the CD at any point they choose with immediate computer response.
Students can store and practice their weekly vocabulary words.
Students can store information gained for use in discussion, reports or other classroom activities.
Students can store their diaries, do their homework, record thoughts for later use.
Students can store their set in an envelope or plastic bag for future use.
Students can stray out of the bounds of astronomy, only with considerable difficulty.
Students can strengthen their technique and further their dance education in other related classes.
Students can strengthen their understanding of functions when their actions produce a graph.
Students can structure a course to suit their needs.
Students can structure their coursework and their research around their own special interests.
Students can structure their law degree to their own interests.
Students can student member of both Institutions.
Students can study a course or program via external or internal modes.
Students can study a given phenomenon over space, seeing how it relates to others.
Students can study abroad and earn SOU credit.
Students can study abroad for a semester, but some stay overseas for a year or more.
Students can study abroad for the academic year, semester, trimester and summer term.
Students can study abroad in English for a semester at our partner colleges.
Students can study abroad with connections to Russia, England, Spain, Northern Ireland and Germany.
Students can study according to their own time schedule, within the specified period.
Students can study African culture and history.
Students can study all facets of ancient Egyptian life.
Students can study all of their old exams to prepare for the final.
Students can study and learn at their own pace and complete assignments in their workplace.
Students can study and learn subject matter in greater depth.
Students can study and research the painters, artists, and writers of that period.
Students can study anthropology within the BSocSc degree.
Students can study any social science, but economics and international relations are competitive.
Students can study anything from belly dancing to the bassoon.
Students can study anytime, anywhere, acquiring knowledge that underpins classroom tuition.
Students can study anywhere, anytime, and at any pace they want.
Students can study at a very wide range of institutions.
Students can study at home, work, a library - anywhere they can access a computer.
Students can study at the certificate, associate, baccalaureate, master's and doctoral levels.
Students can study at their own pace and develop their own interests.
Students can study at their own pace regardless of time and location.
Students can study at their own pace with self-teaching materials.
Students can study at their own pace, at their own time.
Students can study at their own pace, for example taking one first-year course per year.
Students can study at work or at home.
Students can study business administration, nursery, naval engineering and English language.
Students can study cells and learn how the various parts interact with one another.
Students can study circuit design theory and prepare homework assignments using EE-CAD software.
Students can study classroom musical instruments to determine how the sound is made for each one.
Students can study close to home and at convenient times.
Students can study courses in the humanities, business, education, sciences and Irish studies.
Students can study courses or programs at any location.
Students can study different scientific theories about paranormal activity.
Students can study ecology, range management and wildlife within a natural setting.
Students can study electronic publishing, graphic management, or screen graphics.
Students can study elementary to advanced-level Spanish, as well as a variety of other subjects.
Students can study for a full year, fall, or spring semester.
Students can study for a semester or academic year in a group atmosphere.
Students can study for a U.S. high school diploma.
Students can study for as many semesters as they wish.
Students can study for as many weeks or months as they choose.
Students can study for half a term if places are available.
Students can study for leadership positions in nonprofit human and public service agencies.
Students can study for one or two semesters.
Students can study for one week at a time or up to several months.
Students can study for the above exams during the school terms outlined below.
Students can study for their GEDs and take the tests in Blair.
Students can study from beginners through to advanced level.
Students can study full time over one calendar year or part time over two academic years.
Students can study full time, part time or extramurally.
Students can study grammar, reading, composition, listening, speaking and pronunciation.
Students can study horizontal and oblique asymptotes.
Students can study how plants and animals conserve water in the desert.
Students can study human message systems in a variety of tracks and emphases.
Students can study in a wide range of areas.
Students can study in Cairo for a semester or for a whole year.
Students can study in private, or participate in tutorial-like assignments.
Students can study in the native language in Spain and Belgium.
Students can study in their own time and at their own pace.
Students can study individual units in the program or can choose to complete a major.
Students can study international legal studies in Bangkok, Thailand.
Students can study Japanese language and also choose from a variety of courses offered in English.
Students can study laser techniques in a classroom and laboratory setting.
Students can study living processes at all levels, from cellular-molecular to ecosystems.
Students can study material in a nonlinear fashion.
Students can study migration and habits of a variety of animals and wildlife.
Students can study off-site in some instances.
Students can study on their own.
Students can study online.
Students can study part-time.
Students can study photosynthesis in the plants found near their school.
Students can study sociology within the BSocSc degree.
Students can study structures in cities and small towns.
Students can study the dependence of the mixing of two gasses on temperature and pressure.
Students can study the history of slavery in other countries.
Students can study the images interactively.
Students can study the influences and evolution of speech and language in our country.
Students can study the materials online and download the materials for use in their coursework.
Students can study the phases of the moon and the relationship of the moon and tides.
Students can study the way the shape of the histogram changes as more observations are generated.
Students can study towards a certificate or associate degree in a supportive atmosphere.
Students can study transportation at the undergraduate and graduate levels .
Students can study various ecological concepts year round.
Students can study various fields in the liberal arts.
Students can study visual arts, contemporary music and communications.
Students can study where and when they want to.
Students can study where they want, and when they want-anywhere, anytime.
Students can study without interruption or loud voices breaking into their thoughts.
Students can study, eat and relax at the same time.
Students can study, eat, and shop on campus.
Students can stylize their art or use abstracted forms.
Students can submit a one-page abstract for a paper involving original research.
Students can submit a visual art item that expresses or related to our issues series theme.
Students can submit all competency documents electronically.
Students can submit and display their own art also.
Students can submit and response to messages and share their ideas.
Students can submit answers directly.
Students can submit art for a weekly contest.
Students can submit art for weekly contest.
Students can submit artwork or writings on stopping the violence.
Students can submit artwork, stories, and poems online individually or as a class.
Students can submit assignments by mail, e-mail, or by fax.
Students can submit assignments through course mail.
Students can submit assignments.
Students can submit book reviews to share.
Students can submit content.
Students can submit creative answers to our definition guessing game.
Students can submit data on-line into their registered weather page.
Students can submit data through a web page.
Students can submit drafts via email or Web form.
Students can submit entries individually or as a team.
Students can submit fiction, nonfiction, poetry, and art.
Students can submit fiction, non-fiction, poetry, art and photography to the journal.
Students can submit files or messages to their teacher.
Students can submit homework early in the case of a planned absence, on a limited basis.
Students can submit information requests directly to the reference desk via e-mail.
Students can submit information while at the site.
Students can submit lesson work by mail, email, or fax.
Students can submit papers electronically.
Students can submit pieces at the meetings or by e-mail.
Students can submit posters as a group or as an individual.
Students can submit projects to be included at the site.
Students can submit proposals to fly an instrument onboard a commercial satellite.
Students can submit questions and interact with the speaker.
Students can submit questions to the system, and answers can be maintained by the school staff.
Students can submit results online and compare findings.
Students can submit resumes directly to organizations of their choice.
Students can submit resumes for no charge.
Students can submit solutions individually or in pairs.
Students can submit solutions.
Students can submit stories, poems, reviews, essays, etc. to be put online.
Students can submit stories, respond to polls, and give their opinions on what they read there.
Students can submit study questions, research papers, mentor reports, ministry activities, and more.
Students can submit the same proposal to more than one source of funding.
Students can submit their answers directly to the website.
Students can submit their assignments online, or they can use snail-mail or fax.
Students can submit their e-mail address for direct correspondence.
Students can submit their entries only through their school of journalism.
Students can submit their exam answers for computer grading.
Students can submit their homework, and freely express and exchange their views on bulletin boards.
Students can submit their homeworks, when appropriate, electronically.
Students can submit their own art work.
Students can submit their own articles.
Students can submit their own compositions.
Students can submit their own entries.
Students can submit their own original work for possible publication.
Students can submit their own works.
Students can submit their poetry at the campus they attend.
Students can submit their pre-registration request for classes via the Web.
Students can submit their scene and see if their characters' dialogue rings true.
Students can submit their solutions.
Students can submit their work for publication.
Students can submit their works as well.
Students can submit their writing on adventure, stories, poems, etc.
Students can submit up to one revision per response paper.
Students can submit up to one revision.
Students can submit video reports on any topic.
Students can submit work generated both in and outside the classroom.
Students can submit work to fully participate, enter, or join the program.
Students can subscribe and unsubscribe as needed.
Students can subscribe on an academic year basis for a small fee.
Students can subscribe themselves to the listserv, or listserv owners can subscribe all students.
Students can subscribe to an e-mail listserv to be informed about new releases.
Students can subscribe to libraries of movie tutorials or sign-up to take actual courses.
Students can subscribe to more than one list.
Students can subsequently play each example.
Students can substitute a six credit graduate thesis in place of the two elective courses.
Students can substitute an additional examination instead of the practicum.
Students can substitute courses no longer offered with the permission of their college dean.
Students can successfully model a problem on their own or in groups, demonstrated via a report, etc.
Students can successfully solve real world problems by strategic application of fundamental skills.
Students can suggest changes in parameters and the entire class can see results almost immediately.
Students can suggest design topics for the project, subject to the approval of the instructor.
Students can suggest format.
Students can suggest other bullying and violent behaviors to add to the continuum.
Students can suggest other survey topics.
Students can suggest their own project topic.
Students can suggest what classes they want and can get information about how to become note takers.
Students can summarize full cycles as an aid in learning proper management cycles.
Students can summarize orally, in writing, or with the use of diagrams or pictures.
Students can summarize their findings and conclusions in a written presentation to the class.
Students can supplement textbooks through accessing the World Wide Web.
Students can surf the Internet, chat, send e-mail, etc.
Students can surf through everything from the headlines to the weather.
Students can surmount their difficulties by discussing with the teacher and other students also.
Students can sustain moderately long conversations although with some difficulty.
Students can swap around or choose to present their own part of the song.
Students can swap the games, using the calculator's port.
Students can swim in the pool throughout the day.
Students can swim in warm water.
Students can switch back and forth, copying and pasting information.
Students can switch between the routes at any time.
Students can switch between the teacher's display and their own with the student controlled system.
Students can switch formats with the click of a button.
Students can switch from English to Spanish or French.
Students can switch partners between projects.
Students can switch their times with other students, if others volunteer.
Students can swivel their chairs to either face the instructor or face the workstation.
Students can synthesize and integrate their education with individual goals and personal direction.
Students can systematically investigate a culture or cultures other than their own.
Students can t do their best at school unless they are present.
Students can t just sleep in the back of the room in an online environment.
Students can t make the best decision without meeting people.
Students can t plug in.
Students can t recite invocations prior to public high school football games.
Students can t use it easily because it is located in an inconvenient place to get to.
Students can tackle interactive math puzzles, which range from easy to challenging.
Students can tackle many problems that professional designers work with.
Students can tag the cities with the names of the survivors and liberators.
Students can tailor much of their coursework to their areas of interest.
Students can tailor programs in consultation with an adviser in atmospheric sciences .
Students can tailor programs to enhance their person depth or breadth in a given field of interest.
Students can tailor the major to their interests.
Students can tailor the program to fit a busy schedule.
Students can tailor their academic programs to meet their own career goals.
Students can tailor their course work to meet their specific interests and professional objectives.
Students can tailor their coursework to focus on accident investigation or safety management.
Students can tailor their international program to the professional field of their choice.
Students can tailor their plant science curriculum to meet individual needs and interests.
Students can tailor their program by specializing in either law , psychology or sociology .
Students can tailor their program of studies to meet their academic needs.
Students can tailor their program of study to meet their academic needs.
Students can tailor their program to academic interests and career goals with elective choices.
Students can tailor their program to emphasize orchestral, vocal or choral conducting.
Students can tailor their program to meet their career interests.
Students can tailor their program to suit personal and professional interests.
Students can tailor their programme to their own career goals.
Students can tailor their studies to suit their academic and personal needs.
Students can tailor-make part of the emphasis and internship to meet their own specific goals.
Students can take a bus into New York or Philadelphia every day.
Students can take a CD-ROM and a laptop and study anywhere.
Students can take a circle of green florists' foam and glue or pin ribbon around it.
Students can take a college preparation track and still have time for electives.
Students can take a course by themselves, or interact with other students.
Students can take a culture quiz to see how much they know about the world they live in.
Students can take a few classes or the entire program.
Students can take a figure of the time and give the debate acting and dressed up as that person.
Students can take a fourth course for an added fee but three is the recommended load.
Students can take a full program of courses or one subject, whatever is needed.
Students can take a local trip to examine neon signs around the city or take a virtual tour online.
Students can take a maximum of nine semester hours as a non-matriculated student.
Students can take a maximum of three subjects per session in the full-time on campus mode.
Students can take a maximum of two online courses per semester.
Students can take a maximum of two vorlesungen.
Students can take a minimum of six, and a maximum of twelve, credit hours.
Students can take a more active role in their education by reviewing material or studying ahead.
Students can take a performance course for one semester without any pre-reqs.
Students can take a portion of the program through distance education.
Students can take a quick energy quiz, read fun facts, or visit five energy producing facilities.
Students can take a quiz and compare themselves to others around the world.
Students can take a quiz at the end.
Students can take a quiz on the terms.
Students can take a quiz online .
Students can take a quiz to see which candidate they prefer based on the issues.
Students can take a quiz to test their knowledge of ancient Egypt.
Students can take a reinforcer survey to identify desirable reinforcers.
Students can take a sampling from each field or choose to concentrate in just a few.
Students can take a simple 'tour' though the building, or can 'explore' the site in more depth.
Students can take a single quarter or the entire sequence.
Students can take a study break and get a snack while checking their e-mail in the cafe.
Students can take a subject in either session or over summer.
Students can take a test for eligibility.
Students can take a test to receive university credit.
Students can take a trip through the tropical and temperate rain forests.
Students can take a turn once they have created a sentence.
Students can take a variety of art classes as well as general education to receive their degree.
Students can take a variety of exploratory courses.
Students can take a virtual tour of the exhibit at Sue at The Field Museum .
Students can take a work in progress on line and get input from many interested peers.
Students can take action in many different ways.
Students can take activity buses home.
Students can take additional courses in Alaska Native dance and swimming.
Students can take additional courses of their own choice on a voluntary basis.
Students can take additional training and become certified mediators.
Students can take advantage for breaks or it can be a place to meet friends.
Students can take advantage of a variety of summer courses while living in university housing.
Students can take advantage of a wide range of subject choices while enjoying university housing.
Students can take advantage of extracurricular activities to enhance their academic study.
Students can take advantage of job opportunities both on and off campus.
Students can take advantage of London by combining their studies with a varied social life.
Students can take advantage of many opportunities outside the classroom.
Students can take advantage of services there to improve their success in the classroom.
Students can take advantage of several different overseas experiences.
Students can take advantage of the available opportunities.
Students can take advantage of the discounted software prices as shown on the registration form.
Students can take advantage of the large urban context, whole enjoying a small campus setting.
Students can take advantage of the situation and do little.
Students can take advantage of the theaters, museums, concerts, lectures and discussion groups.
Students can take advantage of the theatres, museums, concerts, lectures and discussion groups.
Students can take advantage of the voting feature to plan times for meetings or conference calls.
Students can take advantage of their free, on-campus job placement assistance.
Students can take all kinds of courses.
Students can take all or part of their curriculum online.
Students can take all six courses.
Students can take an active role and think about what they can do to discourage intolerance.
Students can take an airplane flight or train from Paris to Nantes.
Students can take an earthworm home or explore earthworms in the greenhouse.
Students can take an exam at any level at request of the parent.
Students can take an idea from the design to prototype level.
Students can take an on-line field trip to see the destruction of hurricanes.
Students can take an online quiz or view ideas for student research projects.
Students can take an unlimited amount of classes pass-fail.
Students can take an unlimited number of courses without being committed to a particular degree.
Students can take any undergraduate major.
Students can take as many or as few classes as they choose.
Students can take as many or as few subjects as they wish.
Students can take as many units above the minimum as they wish.
Students can take as much time as needed, during the posting period, to work on the problems.
Students can take at least one elective course from a large range of available electives.
Students can take both practice and real examinations directly on the computer.
Students can take both the classes in a semester.
Students can take challenge exams for the first two nursing courses.
Students can take classes and graduate without ever coming to campus.
Students can take classes at any of our three campuses.
Students can take classes at either campus.
Students can take classes at one or both campuses as part of their degree program.
Students can take classes at or near their workplace or even by videotape.
Students can take classes from a variety of online sources to obtain a degree in some situations.
Students can take classes in languages such as French, German, Spanish, Italian and Japanese.
Students can take classes in water aerobics or a variety of swimming classes.
Students can take classes on a full or part-time basis.
Students can take classes outside of California and online .
Students can take classes outside of California and online.
Students can take classes wherever they are, whenever they want.
Students can take classes which give both high school and college credit.
Students can take college classes in drama or filmmaking to prepare for a career as an actor.
Students can take command over their own learning activities.
Students can take complementary courses according to their specific needs and interests.
Students can take computer and other courses.
Students can take concentrations in any other major.
Students can take core classes in the four subject areas in our building.
Students can take correspondence college courses during the school year for college credit.
Students can take course for the additional hours.
Students can take courses as a part of a sequence or as an elective.
Students can take courses at both campuses in person or through distance learning.
Students can take courses at different levels, at the same time.
Students can take courses at either campus.
Students can take courses at more than one location.
Students can take courses at their own time and location.
Students can take courses by various delivery methods .
Students can take courses by various delivery methods from member institutions.
Students can take courses from teachers and experts in remote locations.
Students can take courses from their home or office, accessing their course at their convenience.
Students can take courses in a wide variety of fields.
Students can take courses in accounting, business, management, computers and tourism management.
Students can take courses in eight-week blocks, which allow students to carry a full academic load.
Students can take courses in the evening and on weekends.
Students can take courses leading to an associate degree and transfer to a baccalaureate program.
Students can take courses one of two ways - for credit and for audit.
Students can take courses satisfying many different areas of credit.
Students can take courses using their home PC and an internet connection.
Students can take courses via distance education or on campus from any of the three schools.
Students can take courses via Internet.
Students can take credit and non-credit courses in town.
Students can take down the strips with the info, or remember it.
Students can take each of the tests when they feel they are ready.
Students can take each validation exam only once.
Students can take either a single major program or double major in several combinations.
Students can take either both courses in any order or each course alone.
Students can take either course, in any order.
Students can take either four hour module or combined modules in two four hour module sessions.
Students can take either one or both of the sessions.
Students can take either or both courses in any order.
Students can take electronic quizzes and solve puzzles to review the site's information.
Students can take enrichment classes without declaring a professional area of study.
Students can take enrichment classes without delaring a professional area of study.
Students can take exams at their own pace.
Students can take from one to three credits with a maximum of three per semester.
Students can take full college courses for enjoyment, credit, or towards a four year degree.
Students can take graduate level courses with the approval of their advisors.
Students can take guided electives outside of art to develop a Minor in another discipline.
Students can take home their completed journals at the end of the week.
Students can take individual courses listed above without pursuing a certificate.
Students can take individual courses or an integrated program to earn their high school diplomas.
Students can take individual courses or multiple courses based upon their unique needs.
Students can take instruction in over forty private and group subject areas.
Students can take Internet or telecourses in their own homes.
Students can take internships for less credit than the number of hours they work.
Students can take it as many times as they want.
Students can take it home.
Students can take Laptops to the library, classes or home on breaks.
Students can take lessons, attend seminars, submit homework and collaborate, all through the net.
Students can take many of the courses in the comfort of their home or classroom via computer.
Students can take more elective classes.
Students can take more that the required courses.
Students can take morning or afternoon classes and work in the evenings.
Students can take multiple choice and short answer tests online.
Students can take multiple internships.
Students can take no more than nine semester hours of courses outside their own universities.
Students can take no more than six hours from any one discipline.
Students can take notes and create links.
Students can take notes directly on their lecture notes using the built-in notepad.
Students can take notes on a show and prepare a report based on the information presented.
Students can take notes on, and include, opposing views in their essays.
Students can take on the personality of each character and dress up in original clothing.
Students can take on the role of scientists by analyzing DNA fingerprints to solve a paternity case.
Students can take one course at a time with six months to complete each course.
Students can take one or all of the seminars.
Students can take one or all three courses.
Students can take one or both courses in the spring semester depending on their interests.
Students can take one or more classes.
Students can take one or several classes.
Students can take one or two classes each term.
Students can take one or two units per semester.
Students can take one such program provided they meet the requirements of the course.
Students can take online assessment tests.
Students can take online courses , two-way interactive television courses , and telecourses .
Students can take online courses anytime, anywhere, conveniently and economically.
Students can take only one test at a setting.
Students can take part in a short quiz which can be corrected by their teachers.
Students can take part in a variety of activities at many of the surrounding state parks.
Students can take part in constructing a real world investment portfolio.
Students can take part in derbies related to democracy, ecology, and technology inventions.
Students can take part in hands on activities.
Students can take part in lunch time concerts, street theatre, cultural arts festivals and markets.
Students can take part in many activities and become involved in a variety of student organizations.
Students can take part in summer research crews and do volunteer work in the fossil preparation lab.
Students can take part in the dialogues, record their own voice and compare it with the original.
Students can take part in workshops or work in computer labs.
Students can take practice tests.
Students can take private lessons in piano, voice, organ, guitar, flute, and violin.
Students can take private lessons or join a group.
Students can take quizzes on the computer, and there are also in-class quizzes and tests.
Students can take quizzes on the text there and seek additional materials on subjects of interest.
Students can take quizzes on-line.
Students can take quizzes when they are ready.
Students can take regular course work leading to a BA upon arrival.
Students can take research experience for varying amounts of credit.
Students can take responsiblity for maintaining homework section of site during warm-up.
Students can take some advanced courses before graduating.
Students can take some theatre, music, and dance classes without auditioning.
Students can take steps to control their printing, making sure they print only what they want.
Students can take summer classes before the rigors of daily practice begins.
Students can take surveys to discover their interests.
Students can take tests and quizzes at any time just by logging into the automated test manager.
Students can take tests and receive certification for use in the workplace.
Students can take tests, and faculty can grade tests, online.
Students can take the class in a traditional or in a distance-learning mode.
Students can take the classes in modules scheduled each summer.
Students can take the course any time, anywhere, using any PC that can access the Internet.
Students can take the course either before, or concurrently with their internship assignment.
Students can take the course for credit in English, literature or drama.
Students can take the course for credit or just audit the course.
Students can take the course for either three or five credits.
Students can take the course more than once if the topics vary.
Students can take the course over without duplicating the content of the class.
Students can take the courses as schedules permit.
Students can take the courses necessary to be certified in either elementary or secondary education.
Students can take the digestive quiz on the program to test their skills.
Students can take the entire course or individual modules.
Students can take the entire program, a one week modules, or one class.
Students can take the exam an unlimited number of times free of charge.
Students can take the exam anytime during a five-day period.
Students can take the exam individually or in a group.
Students can take the exam repeatedly until they pass it.
Students can take the exams in England or in schools in many other countries .
Students can take the exams in England or in schools in many other countries.
Students can take the floor formally once a week or even daily as part of memorization drill.
Students can take the Honours program on a part-time basis over two years.
Students can take the initiative here, if they wish.
Students can take the knowledge and use it in their everyday life in the United States.
Students can take the lecture portion of the program for part-time credit.
Students can take the lessons at home if they have Internet access.
Students can take the list home to be added to and to use at home.
Students can take the make-up as many times as necessary, up until the end of reading period.
Students can take the online study guide lessons questions.
Students can take the other section's final if there is a schedule conflict.
Students can take the practices quizzes and get immediate feedback.
Students can take the practicum class for up to three credits.
Students can take the program in two, three or four years.
Students can take the quiz alone or in pairs.
Students can take the quiz and study all the material produced.
Students can take the quiz anytime during the week to see how much they've learned about the topic.
Students can take the quizes by themselves so that they can focus on what their needs are.
Students can take the randomly-generated quiz at any time, which provides a fun form of assessment.
Students can take the Red River shuttle to get to the class.
Students can take the required course at other institutions.
Students can take the survey online, and the generation of the profiles is fully automated.
Students can take the test as many times as needed.
Students can take the test as many times as they wish.
Students can take the test every year until they pass.
Students can take the test up to three times.
Students can take the weekly quiz online or in class.
Students can take their abilities to new levels.
Students can take their chosen categories home or do in-class research.
Students can take their time when they inhale.
Students can take training anytime of day and from any location.
Students can take turns acting out life in the ocean in the ocean area.
Students can take turns asking questions and taking notes.
Students can take turns asking the character questions and sharing the answers they receive.
Students can take turns calling out the commands for the rest of the class to perform.
Students can take turns changing the colors of the words.
Students can take turns doing each job.
Students can take turns explaining the similarities and differences among the trucks they portray.
Students can take turns reading the story.
Students can take turns reading their paragraphs to the class.
Students can take turns taking the book home after the project has ended.
Students can take up a wide range of engineering, technical, business studies and service courses.
Students can take up most courses either in the winter or the summer semester.
Students can take up to five condoms at a time.
Students can take up to five graduate courses without enrolling in the full degree program.
Students can take up to five tests to obtain class credit for courses.
Students can take up to four levels of classes.
Students can take up to one course during the term of the award, if approved by their supervisor.
Students can take up to seven years, but are advised against doing so in their own interest.
Students can take up to six credits each term.
Students can take up to six semester hours or nine quarter hours.
Students can take up to six units of credit at each location.
Students can take up to ten years to repay the loan.
Students can take up to three courses under non-degree seeking status.
Students can take up to three quizzes at any time.
Students can take up to two additional majors in other schools in the faculty.
Students can take up to two courses per session.
Students can take up to two independent studies courses as part of their major.
Students can take up to two independent studies.
Students can take various positions in the lab as interns.
Students can take virtual field trips anywhere in the world, without leaving the school.
Students can take web quizzes online.
Students can take what they've learned in an academic setting to a professional work environment.
Students can take workshops for credit or personal enrichment.
Students can take workshops on study skills, time and stress management, exam preparation and more.
Students can take years to complete a certificate and even longer for a diploma or degree.
Students can talk about classes, internships, papers, and ideas about the profession.
Students can talk about what the ideas are, rather than spending so much time doing the routines.
Students can talk directly with scientists that are at the expedition sites.
Students can talk to a prominent scholar or activist without being intimidated.
Students can talk to their agent team-mates.
Students can talk to their instructors by calling a toll-free number.
Students can talk to their professors, and the professors care about the students.
Students can talk with a job information specialist by calling the same number.
Students can talk with alumni to get an idea of what their jobs are like.
Students can talk with each other only during consultation sessions.
Students can talk with other students about course topics and projects.
Students can talk with people who work there, and discover the uses of science and math.
Students can tape and edit productions using hundreds of on-line effects.
Students can tape record frogs call to identify the species that occur in a wetland area.
Students can taste their own cakes after each class.
Students can teach exercises to adults at home.
Students can tell sense from nonsense.
Students can tell what they think are the advantages and disadvantages of a particular technique.
Students can tell what they're getting.
Students can test and practice their knowledge of states and capitals.
Students can test and register on the same day.
Students can test at a PSU location closest to their home.
Students can test at convenient hours.
Students can test at their own convenience at one of our seven computer stations.
Students can test classroom learning in the laboratory of the real world.
Students can test classroom learning in the real world.
Students can test each other in groups.
Students can test only once during a six-month period.
Students can test out of certain areas to move to advanced standing.
Students can test rainwater, lemon juice, soap, and other solutions for acidity.
Students can test reality and make choices based on experience in a chosen field.
Students can test the persuasiveness of their arguments on their classmates.
Students can test their acquired knowledge with a quiz at the end of each section.
Students can test their aptitudes here.
Students can test their knowledge of colors and clothing interactively.
Students can test their knowledge of colors and clothing, then take a quiz to what they learned.
Students can test their knowledge of colors and clothing.
Students can test their knowledge of the world's flags by tagging a flag.
Students can test their knowledge on the American presidents on the quiz page.
Students can test their knowledge with a variety of challenges.
Students can test their knowledge with the worksheet provided.
Students can test their mastery of the material and get immediate results with electronic grading.
Students can test their predictions.
Students can test their skills at any time.
Students can test their understanding at any time by taking a quiz.
Students can test themselves to see if they have achieved their goals.
Students can the use the paint to create a picture or to paint an object.
Students can then access and complete activities included in the assignments.
Students can then access the audio via a web page in Netscape or Explorer.
Students can then access the courses disk space from any of the department's computers.
Students can then access the data from both universities and interact through the Internet.
Students can then access the educators' list, and search for the best prices.
Students can then access the program when they are ready and spend as much time on it as needed.
Students can then access their accounts by entering their login ID and password.
Students can then add their orders to the orders already written.
Students can then address the leaders in an open microphone discussion on any topic.
Students can then analyze the data, creating a pie chart to illustrate what they've discovered.
Students can then answer the questions based on the class discussion.
Students can then apply for a doctorate post within the faculty.
Students can then apply what they have learned to other group situations in university and beyond.
Students can then ask questions.
Students can then attempt to place the labels in the appropriate locations.
Students can then be auto enrolled in a future session.
Students can then be forces for change in their organizations.
Students can then become easily frustrated or resistant to learning.
Students can then begin adding the beads.
Students can then begin adding watercolor paint to their paper.
Students can then begin research into their particular polygon.
Students can then begin the writing process.
Students can then begin to assess buildings in their own communities from a historical perspective.
Students can then begin to consider their specific interests early in their PPA experience.
Students can then begin to develop definitions for acids and bases.
Students can then begin to see the logical arguments used by the biblical authors in proving points.
Students can then begin typing in their message in the message box area.
Students can then brainstorm more examples.
Students can then build a collection of taped presentations to show to prospective employers.
Students can then build on that success as they learn more features of the language.
Students can then calculate the speed of the car.
Students can then carry out their own litter surveys.
Students can then celebrate their achievements and plan for other, similar successes.
Students can then change speeds, repeat the animation, and analyze results.
Students can then chart the species and compare different species l ength and weight.
Students can then check out the videotape for viewing at their convenience.
Students can then check their comprehension by listening to the English version of the programs.
Students can then check to see if it agrees with their result from the graph.
Students can then choose and make their own Victorian Christmas craft.
Students can then choose electives to round out the major.
Students can then choose other supplementary courses for their particular area of interest.
Students can then choose the lecture modules they wish to listen to from a convenient menu.
Students can then choose to download a course or take it online.
Students can then circulate through the class, asking questions to fill out questionnaires.
Students can then circulate through the class, asking questions, to fill out a questionnaire.
Students can then collect similar materials from the school grounds, their homes, or other sources.
Students can then collect some and try their own experiments.
Students can then combine the online courses with traditional in-person classes to earn a degree.
Students can then come by to check their performance against the key.
Students can then come to see that mistakes have a role to play and errors are useful feedback.
Students can then come up with examples of their own.
Students can then comment on other people's comments.
Students can then compare and contrast the news of the day as published in a variety of newspapers.
Students can then compare their data with that of people in other areas, and even in other years.
Students can then compare their forecasts with others by using a search engine.
Students can then compare their performance with a model played by the teacher.
Students can then compare women's roles across cultures.
Students can then compile their information into a report format, including drawings or diagrams.
Students can then complete it individually or in groups, and then it can be checked.
Students can then complete the bachelor's degree and the preliminary credential at the same time.
Students can then complete the lessons off-line.
Students can then complete their rewrites as homework.
Students can then concentrate on a directed mission.
Students can then concentrate on the concepts rather than memorizing numbers.
Students can then consider the feedback and decide how to use it to improve the next draft. .
Students can then construct a graph using the real bones.
Students can then construct a paper cone to simulate a tipi structure.
Students can then continue their study of the field with advanced courses.
Students can then continue with the second and third years of the full course, if they wish.
Students can then copy and paste the assignment onto the bulletin board.
Students can then copy their finished product to videotape, or even display it on the Web.
Students can then cover their notes and recite from memory the main points based on the key words.
Students can then create a job advertisement for that character's job.
Students can then create a personal or local section of information that relates to their disease.
Students can then create picket signs that state their demands.
Students can then create text to accompany pictures and illustrations.
Students can then create their characters in the fashion of the time.
Students can then create their own Braille or large print copy of key points.
Students can then create their own factors cards.
Students can then create their own family trees.
Students can then create their own space glossaries.
Students can then create their own stories based on personal experiences.
Students can then create their own tessallation pattern and create a unique artwork.
Students can then decorate with paint, markers and wiggly eyes.
Students can then demonstrate their individual understandings through the writing process.
Students can then design simple investigations to answer their questions.
Students can then determine areas of specialization by choosing from the four professional emphases.
Students can then determine if they are keeping up with their individual reading-rate goals.
Students can then determine the effects of light on plant growth as well as seed germination.
Students can then determine the effects of sunlight on plant growth as well as seed germination.
Students can then determine the player's batting average.
Students can then develop an essay based on their resources.
Students can then devise research projects with direct application.
Students can then devote their full attention to research.
Students can then dictate words to add to their picture.
Students can then directly observe the relationship between a speed ratio and torque ratio.
Students can then discuss any past experiences or background knowledge that students have.
Students can then discuss how to exchange the dory for quantities of a commodity.
Students can then discuss the sounds that they heard.
Students can then do quizzes around animal noises, animal babies and animal facts.
Students can then do quizzes around memory, visual literacy and numbers.
Students can then draw a picture showing how the conflict can be resolved or write their own ending.
Students can then enter photographs and pictures and place on a class or school web site.
Students can then enter the workforce or transfer to a four-year college or university.
Students can then evaluate each other's presentations of their arguments.
Students can then evaluate the information collected, and develop a presentation of their findings.
Students can then expand and revise their essays.
Students can then explain their posters to primary elementary students.
Students can then explain why some are the same and others are different.
Students can then explain, change, or enhance their opinions on the book and the controversy.
Students can then explore and discover individually or in groups in the school or at home.
Students can then explore major options and how they relate to careers.
Students can then extend their own communication skills within the context of their careers.
Students can then feel more ownership for and fairness about the evaluation process.
Students can then figure out how far their group and class hit that day.
Students can then fill in information they know around the topics on the organizer.
Students can then fill in our online application form .
Students can then fill in the head with images that they relate to.
Students can then fill in their response and press enter.
Students can then find the average number for the class.
Students can then find the equation of the line, which gives a conversion formula.
Students can then find the printed journals on the shelves or use electronic versions.
Students can then follow a specialized track in one of the component areas of cognitive science.
Students can then follow the instructions on their activity sheet.
Students can then follow the instructions on their worksheet.
Students can then form groups to discuss their positions.
Students can then gain college credits by passing a national standardized exam.
Students can then glue each section to a piece of construction paper to form the food pyramid.
Students can then glue their mammoth to the banner and arrange the mammoths within the scene.
Students can then go over and pick up and pay for their copies.
Students can then graph all data collected either by computer spreadsheet or manually.
Students can then graph the class results.
Students can then graph the equation.
Students can then graph their categorical and numerical data.
Students can then graph their findings.
Students can then have more realistic expectations concerning the arrival of material.
Students can then help their peers make corrections.
Students can then highlight material that is appropriate during class coverage.
Students can then identify contemporary issues where similar concerns arise.
Students can then identify the climax of the story and talk about how the central problem is solved.
Students can then illustrate their solutions through a variety of means.
Students can then illustrate.
Students can then individually vote for their preference of colony name, logo and flag.
Students can then interview for internships with the employer who decides which students to hire.
Students can then interview for the positions in which they are interested.
Students can then jump to the particular area under discussion.
Students can then keep in touch by e-mail.
Students can then label major cities near the rivers.
Students can then later access the lesson, containing both sound and text, on a computer network.
Students can then learn from seeing their ideas in English.
Students can then learn how archeologists are excavating the ancient ruins.
Students can then learn through questions, trial, presentation and books.
Students can then link directly to a mentor s email account.
Students can then link directly to the college's Web site.
Students can then link to a list of the sites that offer Tutorsystems educational software.
Students can then link to specific screens of instruction that match their needs.
Students can then listen or review lectures from computer labs on campus or from their own home.
Students can then log in and get their grades for a particular class.
Students can then look at ways that make humans good communicators.
Students can then look for relationships in the arrangements of points.
Students can then look up and enter data right there at the chair with the patient.
Students can then make an informed choice of their main PhD project and supervisor.
Students can then make contact with the mentor on their own.
Students can then make needed changes and add to their departmental pages.
Students can then make tessellations on the sidewalk using their sponges and water.
Students can then make their own book depicting how the seasons affect the growth of an apple tree.
Students can then measure the distance between the two points on the rope.
Students can then modify the directions to create their own unique presentation.
Students can then move around and investigate each stack.
Students can then move from machine to machine and their work is automatically available.
Students can then move to math centers to continue their explorations with measurement.
Students can then observe how the behavior of a simulated system changes.
Students can then offer the items from their lists to be put on the board.
Students can then organize all of their cartoons in a comic page format for a school display.
Students can then organize displays to introduce their classmates to their cultures.
Students can then paint their entire jar a solid color.
Students can then participate in an egg hunt either in their classroom or outdoors.
Students can then participate in local competitions at any level from toddler to advanced.
Students can then participate in regional or national science contests to make their presentations.
Students can then perform to the standard that they select for themselves.
Students can then pick their desired time slots and a list of available tutors is returned.
Students can then piece the design together using the tape.
Students can then plant and care for their seeds.
Students can then plot relative ozone concentrations on a local map.
Students can then practice using the vacuum outside.
Students can then predict and build the molecule.
Students can then prepare a response to share with the class.
Students can then prepare posters for the school based on the presentation.
Students can then present the historical society with copies of the material they prepared.
Students can then present their findings to the class.
Students can then present their proposal and evaluate their choice of parcel.
Students can then present their Web site ideas and reviews to the class.
Students can then proceed to registration.
Students can then proof read and revise their draft writings.
Students can then proofread and revise their draft writings.
Students can then propose their own solutions to the case studies.
Students can then read and respond to each other's comments as they continue reading the book.
Students can then read each others' and try to spot the song titles used.
Students can then read the article.
Students can then read the words and add their drawing and texture.
Students can then read their descriptions and the class can guess which word is being described.
Students can then read their poems and present their creative works to the class.
Students can then read their tall tales to the class.
Students can then record or perform their songs for class.
Students can then record the depth of water in the tube when the pattern disappears.
Students can then record their activities in their agendas for reference purposes.
Students can then register by phone.
Students can then respond to postings in which they have an interest.
Students can then retell the story.
Students can then return to class prepared to share what they have learned about their own survival.
Students can then search Civil War Maps by battle name or location.
Students can then search for Web pages to use with their particular research topic.
Students can then see how nature builds on a simple pattern.
Students can then see other student projects through the course Web site.
Students can then send their insurance companies their receipts in order to get reimbursed.
Students can then share fact sheets with other students as a review.
Students can then share their alternate versions and discuss each other's work.
Students can then share their ideas.
Students can then share their new ending with their classmates.
Students can then share their recipes with their teachers.
Students can then share their stories and mazes with another class.
Students can then share their work in small groups.
Students can then share their writings with the class.
Students can then share what s on their plate with the rest of the class.
Students can then share what they did through drawing a picture or other presentation.
Students can then sign up for a site visit that matches their career interests.
Students can then sign up for a workshop to be held the next day.
Students can then solve the following problems.
Students can then spell the word out loud or write it on a board.
Students can then spray different colors of paint onto the paper.
Students can then stand, or crouch or squat to see if their weight changes.
Students can then start working on the relevant parts of the program.
Students can then stay for the fall semester or return to their home universities.
Students can then study the veins and other structures found in leaves.
Students can then submit their findings to a growing database on the Internet.
Students can then submit their letters for publication.
Students can then synthesize their observations into a coherent explanation.
Students can then take the cd home, and install the viewer on their computer.
Students can then target specific careers within the broad field of civil engineering.
Students can then test their understanding online.
Students can then test themselves, grade themselves, thereby monitoring their own progress.
Students can then track election results.
Students can then transfer to a university as a third year student.
Students can then transfer to any other campus to complete the degree.
Students can then transform their drawings into a fantasy building.
Students can then try doing their own version of some of the skits.
Students can then try other answers.
Students can then try out the assumptions one at a time.
Students can then try their hand at caricature.
Students can then understand the lesson, and write answers in English.
Students can then use a globe to find the North Pole and the magnetic north pole.
Students can then use email lists to complete their course discussions.
Students can then use the application to view or print the file.
Students can then use the collection of responses for further classroom discussion.
Students can then use the data to create weather maps using appropriate symbols.
Students can then use the mouse to adjust the window size for each program.
Students can then use the notes as the basis for a fictional first-hand account of their adventure.
Students can then use the photographs as a basis of their own exhibit on the business or industry.
Students can then use the puzzle to prove the Pythagorean Theorem on their own.
Students can then use their questions to launch class discussions.
Students can then view all of the papers in the class, with the instructor's comments and grades.
Students can then view the index file and any other files linked to it.
Students can then view the syllabus online, as well as print copies to keep.
Students can then view their watercolor paintings using their own glasses.
Students can then visit the bookmarked sites to research information for a report.
Students can then visit up to three different departments.
Students can then vote.
Students can then walk around the class, looking at the posters.
Students can then walk around the room visiting each person's desk.
Students can then work at their own pace.
Students can then work in small groups to create lists of the ways in which friends help each other.
Students can then work through the online interactive .
Students can then work through the online interactive on the Discovering Galapagos website.
Students can then work together as partners on the next activity.
Students can then write a paragraph or paragraphs.
Students can then write a self-evaluation.
Students can then write about their interview experience and give an oral presentation in class.
Students can then write an essay, poem, or draw a picture and submit it for publication at the site.
Students can then write down both their predictions and their hypotheses for the experiment.
Students can then write important facts and dates about the hero on the back.
Students can then write their own music reviews, based on their individual tastes.
Students can then, as a class, compare and contrast the television programming they watch.
Students can therefore concentrate on a small selection of courses in a supportive atmosphere.
Students can therefore help one another.
Students can therefore maintain a degree of flexibility until the end of the first year.
Students can therefore practice until they feel comfortable with the material.
Students can therefore write term papers and exams in English or in French.
Students can think and write analytically and critically using historical data.
Students can think of additional activities and the Stardial site has more projects.
Students can think of an equation as a balance, with the equals sign as the balance point.
Students can think of the center bar as the equals sign.
Students can think or say their answer and check their thinking with a pull-down menu.
Students can thoroughly explore a topic because discussion is done in an asynchronous manner.
Students can throw handbook in bag when they go off to college.
Students can thus access one another's stories and work collaboratively.
Students can thus build on one class by taking a connected class in later semesters.
Students can thus choose subjects from a range of alternative technologies.
Students can thus design a program meeting their own interests within the broad environmental area.
Students can thus move easily back and forth between an external application and a Web browser.
Students can thus receive academic credit for work performed in the clinic.
Students can thus revise or augment their work on the Web even after class ends.
Students can thus use highly technical language and discipline-specific forms of writing.
Students can tie knots in the yarn to represent mutations.
Students can time themselves putting on their helmet and mounting the bike.
Students can to chat with several contemporary authors.
Students can toggle between two different views.
Students can touch some of the creatures, such as the eight-eyed horseshoe crab.
Students can touch the screen to explore different parts of the body.
Students can touch, look and listen.
Students can tour a puppetry workshop or see a rehearsal show.
Students can tour a slave cabin and learn about slave living conditions.
Students can tour countries noting similarities and differences to their own culture.
Students can tour previously featured countries by clicking on the country's name.
Students can tour the museum and see mock-ups of actual work areas that existed within the mills.
Students can trace a motif appearing in several of the works.
Students can trace along the exponential graph by using the trace command to show an asymptote.
Students can trace powerful ideas that led people to take part in a war for independence.
Students can trace the evolution of college anthologies for literature survey classes.
Students can trace to find the point of intersection of the two functions.
Students can track page views and provide advertisers with viewership reports.
Students can track progress and print results.
Students can track storms by using the chart listed below.
Students can track the animal population over a period of years.
Students can track the printing progress and cancel their jobs or switch printers as needed.
Students can track their grades at any time, as well as save files in a specific area.
Students can track their progress through the computer.
Students can track their progress.
Students can track underground temperatures and find out, using a simple soil thermometer.
Students can track weather from around the globe and learn geography at the same time.
Students can trade and solve each other's puzzles.
Students can trade their keys with classmates to assess their seed key and get feedback.
Students can trade within their hall or into another hall throughout the year.
Students can train and run their own samples.
Students can train for future careers in academia, business, industry, or government.
Students can transfer between schools.
Students can transfer credit from another regionally accredited institution.
Students can transfer credits easily from one institution to another within the system.
Students can transfer in after two years.
Students can transfer many of the credits that they have earned at other institutions.
Students can transfer one course from another school into a certificate program.
Students can transfer six credits into the master s program.
Students can transfer the pattern using other forms, such as numbers, letters, pictures, etc.
Students can transfer the skills learned to other cash-handling positions.
Students can transfer their college credits to any public institution in the state.
Students can transfer through dual admissions agreements with colleges in the area.
Students can transfer to another course one time at no charge.
Students can transfer to another school if there is room.
Students can transfer to Kinesiology after their freshman year.
Students can transfer to Paris or Nice during their stay.
Students can transfer to university after either the first or the second year.
Students can translate a graph into words.
Students can translate cartoons into the language they are studying.
Students can travel almost anywhere in the city by bus or on the recently renovated subway system.
Students can travel around the town to gather evidence about the Outbreak.
Students can travel easily to and from the campus by car, bus or train.
Students can travel easily within the city without a car by using the campus and city bus systems.
Students can travel from the tropical rain forest to the Arctic tundra in a matter of minutes.
Students can travel on their own and integrate themselves into the new culture.
Students can travel the trail more than once as a beginner, adventurer, or trail guide.
Students can travel to a laboratory for a virtual field trip.
Students can treat each other with respect and realize that everyone's different.
Students can trigger melodies and chords by hitting pads with drumsticks, mallets or fingers.
Students can truly experience life in Asian countries.
Students can try each test as often as they wish.
Students can try identifying patterns in particular styles of architecture.
Students can try many more such experiments.
Students can try out their weather predicting skills with an online interactive activity.
Students can try outlining sermons, news magazine articles, documentaries and assigned texts.
Students can try playing some of the parlor games in class.
Students can try several different positions to fulfill their requirement.
Students can try the procedure using fresh water and then salt water.
Students can try the ring wing glider activity on the back and design a better wing.
Students can try the uptake of colored water on other plants.
Students can try their first lesson for free.
Students can try their hand at using technology to plan a road trip to a National Park or two.
Students can try their hands at grinding acorns and playing Native American games.
Students can try their shooting skills against a steel pig.
Students can try three different types of handmade looms for fiber and cloth weaving.
Students can try to account for the anomalous behaviour of the two bobs.
Students can try to design their own games to play at recess or at parties.
Students can try to find examples of spirituals and Civil War tunes by searching the Internet.
Students can try to find synonym word pairs.
Students can try to find the electric meters in their houses or apartments.
Students can try to identify each other using the portraits and puzzle pieces.
Students can try to put other melodies into the simple round.
Students can try to put the pieces together in original combinations to create a new anatomy.
Students can try to win in two different ways.
Students can tune in currently in any dorm building on campus.
Students can tune to a timbre similar to their own.
Students can turn in assignments for an online class in many ways.
Students can turn in early rough drafts of assignments for preliminary feedback.
Students can turn in homework and retrieve graded assignments.
Students can turn in homework assignments over the Web.
Students can turn in homework.
Students can turn it on and begin typing.
Students can turn labels on and off for self-quizzing.
Students can turn on and off the audio feedback to hear the correct pronunciation.
Students can turn the tables on the college process if they take control of it.
Students can turn their fingerprints into all sorts of creative marine organisms.
Students can turn their labels in to benefit their school.
Students can turn to Penny for help to keep going, or to get fresh ideas.
Students can turn to their personal tutor for advice.
Students can tutor other students via email.
Students can type and print their applications at the Web site.
Students can type directly on the template and then print without leaving the computer.
Students can type in a question and follow a variety of links to find the right answer.
Students can type in an answer from the keyboard or select one from a moving parade of numbers.
Students can type in coordinates.
Students can type in their zip code to check the weather where they live.
Students can type questions or responses back to the instructor.
Students can type their answers to the questions directly onto the handout from the computer screen.
Students can type, use a stylus, or character recognition to enter information in the computer.
Students can typically arrange their employment and study semester to fit their preferred schedule.
Students can typically expect aid in many different forms.
Students can ultimately make their voice heard.
Students can understand it as a genre, but the ideas come out of their lives.
Students can understand the mechanism of pollutants and know how to analyze the genetic toxics.
Students can understand the pollutants, sources of pollution and the consequences in a general way.
Students can understand the related concepts easily.
Students can understand the relationship between human beings and environment.
Students can understand the uses of scientific technology and their implications.
Students can undertake a dissertation in IT applications in law.
Students can undertake a number of courses within the department.
Students can undertake a special project with a research group in the school of physics.
Students can undertake a substantial piece of research in the form of a dissertation.
Students can undertake an optional research project.
Students can undertake either semester long courses, internships or summer courses.
Students can undertake either semester-long courses or internships.
Students can undertake full diploma, bachelor and postgraduate courses in external study mode.
Students can undertake research in a number of the above areas.
Students can unleash their creativity and enthusiasm and be problem-solvers.
Students can update local, permanent, parents, billing, and emergency address information.
Students can update only the entries that they have added to the calendar.
Students can update only the entries they have added to the calendar.
Students can update their addresses through Just the Facts .
Students can update their own personal contact information through the web interface.
Students can update their profiles and address information online through FSYou .
Students can update their resume at any time or delete it once they have found a position.
Students can upgrade skills for job enhancements.
Students can upgrade skills for personal or employment needs.
Students can upload completed assignments or projects for grading.
Students can upload papers for a class individually, using information supplied by the instructor.
Students can upload up to four resumes that target four different job markets.
Students can upload, edit, and view files, using the standard file manager operations.
Students can use a chart that has four sections.
Students can use a computer lab or their own computer.
Students can use a computer older than what is suggested.
Students can use a covered jar to create an example of the water cycle.
Students can use a credit card or obtain a student computer loan.
Students can use a database, spreadsheet, and word processor to calculate expenses and keep diaries.
Students can use a dice or spinner and then stamp the correct number of gingerbread men.
Students can use a digital camera to take a photo.
Students can use a discussion list site to read and react to ideas developed by their classmates.
Students can use a keyword to find a book in the online library catalog.
Students can use a map and plot the locations of people with whom they have communicated.
Students can use a mixture of loading dye and water to practice loading gels.
Students can use a myriad of new computer software that involve environmental problem solving.
Students can use a paint or drawing to create the glyph.
Students can use a parts of speech worksheet to organize their words.
Students can use a Pre-reading organizer for assistance.
Students can use a previously set bookmark to access a site on the Internet.
Students can use a protractor instead of an astrolabe to do the measurement.
Students can use a retrieval chart to compile there information.
Students can use a scanner to scan pictures that they have designed to include on their brochures.
Students can use a scholarship search program to find scholarships for which they qualify.
Students can use a search engine at certain sites.
Students can use a search engine of their choice to research a topic.
Students can use a seed to send a question relating the material nearby.
Students can use a spring scale to measure the gravitational pull or weight of several objects.
Students can use a tape measure or ruler to measure the perimeter.
Students can use a variety of computer-based tools to augment the work being done in the classroom.
Students can use a variety of media including electronic resources, software, videos, etc.
Students can use a variety of two-dimensional drawing tools.
Students can use a web browser to access class materials.
Students can use a works program to design their own brochure, or use a template that is available.
Students can use abstract ideas to solve problems.
Students can use actual items or paper items to hang from the mobile.
Students can use all available resources so far used.
Students can use all recreational facilities and attend cultural events.
Students can use all the administrative applications that are available to teachers.
Students can use all the steps of an effective strategy in a limited amount of time.
Students can use almanacs to research the major religions of nations.
Students can use an online calculator and a graph plotter to solve the problems.
Students can use an online key to identify trees and practice sampling tree distributions.
Students can use and understand math using technology-based activities.
Students can use any computer terminal with Internet access.
Students can use any Internet search engine to find images and information about their destination.
Students can use any materials they like.
Students can use any of the information already discussed, together with their own ideas.
Students can use any of the public access computer labs on campus to access campus email.
Students can use any of the various search engines to locate additional sites.
Students can use as observation and practicum site.
Students can use both internships and independent studies as part of the major.
Students can use both standard and non-standard systems of measure.
Students can use calculators to check their answers.
Students can use calculators, mental math, or paper and pencil to solve the problem.
Students can use cardboard in place of birch bark.
Students can use career center computers or passwords to review job listings.
Students can use charts and graphs to illustrate the information they have found.
Students can use charts and graphs to illustrate their information.
Students can use citations competently and write by following accepted formats for research.
Students can use clues from the game.
Students can use colored styrofoam balls to construct a model of the solar system.
Students can use computers as empowered creators or as thoughtless consumers.
Students can use computers at any of the numerous computer labs on campus.
Students can use computers in a variety of ways.
Students can use computers provided by the law school.
Students can use concept maps for generating ideas, organizing thought, and reflection.
Students can use concept maps to organize class notes or course material.
Students can use connective suffixes, complex sentences, and postpositions correctly.
Students can use conventional clipart programs or encyclopedia CDs to find suitable graphics.
Students can use counters to show how many cookies each person gets.
Students can use coursework during the summer to improve their completion rate if necessary.
Students can use current technologies such as CD-ROMs and the world wide web to study weather.
Students can use dictionaries, as necessary, to check spelling.
Students can use dictionaries, as necessary, to figure out unfamiliar words.
Students can use digital images for brochures, portfolios, and web pages.
Students can use digital video cameras to record sounds or even tape recorders.
Students can use either a desktop publishing program, or design their brochures using pen and ink.
Students can use either footnotes or endnotes.
Students can use either the wireless mouse or set up their powerpoint presentation on a timer.
Students can use either words or pictures to complete their maps.
Students can use electives to tailor the curriculum to specific interests and goals.
Students can use e-mail for exchanging ideas and materials.
Students can use email to become pen pals with people from all over the world.
Students can use email to send and receive messages from friends at other campuses around the world.
Students can use encyclopedia and other library resources.
Students can use events noted in the timeline to support their arguments.
Students can use examples from a small community, country or region to support their arguments.
Students can use existing waivers and scholarships to help with tuition.
Students can use exponents and their reciprocals to calculate half-life.
Students can use financial aid to cover computer costs now.
Students can use fine point felt tip markers and create their own map.
Students can use flip charts, overheads or slides for the presentation.
Students can use from labs.
Students can use Graphics and Multimedia to enhance their reports and presentations.
Students can use heat lamps to control the melting process.
Students can use high quality audio and video recordings to improve their skills.
Students can use hypertext to access other pertinent parts of the disc or access the glossary.
Students can use ideas from the site to create their own math glossaries.
Students can use images from pinhole photography or images from scanned photos or a digital camera.
Students can use important concepts from linear systems theory to characterize linear circuits.
Students can use incorrect methods to get correct answers for certain problems.
Students can use individual cassettes or a master cassette can be run from the instructor's console.
Students can use information they discover at individual sites to refine their next research steps.
Students can use it as a springboard to a comprehensive examination in the field.
Students can use it for a reference to continually check on rules and definitions.
Students can use it for enrichment, perhaps as a bonus activity after a weekly quiz.
Students can use it for evaluating alternative interior configurations.
Students can use it for picture-supported writing and communication on the computer.
Students can use it freely.
Students can use it in just about any area of learning.
Students can use it individually as homework.
Students can use it though for about half the semester.
Students can use it to develop a background for three-dimensional and cultural differences globally.
Students can use it to find advisors for projects.
Students can use it to improve their learning in any content area.
Students can use it to print customized study guides.
Students can use it to stay informed when absent, or use it as a reminder after school.
Students can use it with a minimum of teacher supervision.
Students can use ITCs at no charge.
Students can use keyboards, bell sets, their voices, or their recorders to compose their music.
Students can use Korean proverbs and idioms, and appreciate easy literary work.
Students can use lamps or hair dryer to heat the adhesive and then retest.
Students can use lengths of yarn to connect each diagram to the country the student learned about.
Students can use libraries or technology zones to continue and extend their work in classrooms.
Students can use library sources to complete the activity.
Students can use links to learn more about the historical figures as well as the play itself.
Students can use logs for self-assessment or peer assessment.
Students can use magnifying glasses to observe plankton in their dishes.
Students can use many other tools as well.
Students can use materials from class presentation in the final paper.
Students can use mathematics in other curriculum areas and use mathematics in their daily lives.
Students can use mileage chart showing distances between schools in conjunction with maps.
Students can use models of cubic units to test their estimates.
Students can use modern labs to obtain practical skills and experience.
Students can use most commercial internet service providers for remote access.
Students can use old computers and just learn the basics.
Students can use on their own or teachers can include in their curriculum.
Students can use online as well as offline reference sources to solve the mystery.
Students can use on-line flashcards or print their own cards from the flashcard creator.
Students can use only the clip art that is included or purchased from the producer.
Students can use other landmarks, buildings, etc.
Students can use other print and electronic sources to complete all the questions.
Students can use other sources to identify historic and personal events during presidential terms.
Students can use our friendly programs independently or with a middle school placement counselor.
Students can use our human performance labs and develop customized workouts.
Students can use our job search resources to help create professional resumes and cover letters.
Students can use overheads and handouts for the presentation.
Students can use past experiences to supplement or enhance their IDP contracts.
Students can use pictures and diagrams to clarify the meaning of the words, if appropriate.
Students can use poster boards to create no more than TWO campaign posters.
Students can use printed library resources or the Internet to conduct their research.
Students can use programs for word processing, graphing, drawing, or spreadsheets.
Students can use questions to spark their interest in subjects they think are boring.
Students can use regular mail channels that deliver directly to the address shown above.
Students can use research to solve problems.
Students can use rubrics as a tool to develop their abilities.
Students can use search engines to locate information about their specific states.
Students can use search engines to seek out web sites and information sources.
Students can use several methods to write papers.
Students can use sidewalk chalk to create designs.
Students can use smart classrooms to learn skills in instructional preparation.
Students can use software programs to apply concepts learned in the classroom.
Students can use square or isometric grid paper to sketch the first two iterations on a segment.
Students can use such symbols to communicate their generalization of patterns.
Students can use tape players to follow along with a spoken version of the complete text.
Students can use technology to augment their own presentations.
Students can use technology to collect in-depth data for class projects and for data analysis.
Students can use technology to do journal assignments, read, test and create projects.
Students can use texts, video, the Internet etc.
Students can use the associated graphic overlays to get expert feedback.
Students can use the automated catalog to locate any material in the library.
Students can use the biographies as models and write short autobiographies of themselves as writers.
Students can use the blue arrows around the picture to scroll to various parts of the image.
Students can use the boardwalk and learn about the wetlands environment.
Students can use the book and notes during exams.
Students can use the built in tools to experiment with transposition, tempos and other alterations.
Students can use the bus service from anywhere in Greater Lafayette.
Students can use the calendar to organize their activities and check on course events.
Students can use the camera in the lab.
Students can use the CDs on their home computers.
Students can use the center at any point in their college careers.
Students can use the center for free.
Students can use the center's computers for printing information.
Students can use the centers to assess the triangle group before it is recorded on the chart.
Students can use the chart to help in their decision making process.
Students can use the checklist for self- and peer analysis.
Students can use the classroom to present, justify, and discuss their answers to the case questions.
Students can use the classroom to relay and discuss their experiences in building DSSs.
Students can use the comments when revising their essays.
Students can use the computer laboratories.
Students can use the computer to print the written text, then illustrate over the printed word.
Students can use the computers for looking up info., too.
Students can use the computers in campus computer labs.
Students can use the computers to access the library catalogue as well as the internet.
Students can use the computers to research colleges and universities on the Internet.
Students can use the counseling services on any of the district's three campuses and online.
Students can use the course descriptions to plan their academic schedule for the coming year.
Students can use the cubes in groups of four to create a variety of activities.
Students can use the database as a vehicle for choosing their research topics.
Students can use the database to determine their own learning style.
Students can use the database to find specific and general data on a specific plant or animal.
Students can use the database to sort and search various criteria.
Students can use the dictionary to make sure they are using the correct words.
Students can use the different media to make their own personal rainbow.
Students can use the digital camera or scanner to include photos.
Students can use the elective courses to explore other possibilities.
Students can use the entire session for the exam if necessary.
Students can use the estimator as often as they like.
Students can use the ethernet to access academic systems or the Internet.
Students can use the examples first and then explore with some possibilities of their own.
Students can use the exercises repeatedly until they achieve mastery.
Students can use the extra credit icon to earn points outside of class.
Students can use the facilities freely after school.
Students can use the facilities of two laboratories.
Students can use the facilities to plan functions, study, and entertain.
Students can use the folders to keep their chapter materials organized.
Students can use the following questions in their study.
Students can use the following rubric for evaluation.
Students can use the following SimLibrary activities to explore the basic principles involved.
Students can use the following Web site to evaluate their responses.
Students can use the format of their choice.
Students can use the formulae to solve problems.
Students can use the free of charge limit during the academic quarters.
Students can use the front and back of each page.
Students can use the glossary to reinforce terms and concepts from each chapter.
Students can use the headsets to reinforce the sound signal according to their needs.
Students can use the Hubble system to classify a new galaxy image.
Students can use the idea of a study group for critiquing of papers.
Students can use the indexes area to browse the online collection either by timeline or by country.
Students can use the information they gathered during the above activity to aid in their research.
Students can use the internet and work on school projects here.
Students can use the Internet as a research and reference tool.
Students can use the internet as a source of news information.
Students can use the Internet as their primary source of information.
Students can use the internet for research as well.
Students can use the Internet for research when libraries are closed.
Students can use the Internet for research.
Students can use the Internet to communicate with professors and tap learning resources.
Students can use the internet to find out several real-life applications for luminol.
Students can use the Internet to gather worldwide career and employment information.
Students can use the Internet to learn basic facts, new developments, and other company information.
Students can use the Internet to research clues.
Students can use the Internet to search for information on topics discussed in the classroom.
Students can use the Internet to search for past news stories for research on the flu.
Students can use the journey time to do some studying or relaxing.
Students can use the kitchen to make hot chocolate and tea during class breaks.
Students can use the lab for language-related study any time the lab is open.
Students can use the lab in outside of class to finish.
Students can use the lab on a daily basis for an unlimited amount of time.
Students can use the lab to develop their language, math, reasoning and computer skills.
Students can use the laboratory and reading materials for research.
Students can use the library as a resource for research projects and reports.
Students can use the library during their designated lunch block. .
Students can use the library section for looking up information, fun-reading, or other uses.
Students can use the lift at school.
Students can use the links above to find information for the following activities.
Students can use the list to identify the greatest common factor of the two numbers.
Students can use the locker for as long as they are taking music classes.
Students can use the mailbox to send messages to other students and teachers.
Students can use the many resources available in the center.
Students can use the map key to determine how densely populated particular counties are.
Students can use the map of North America to find other cities in each climate zone.
Students can use the material they've collected to create wonderful school bulletin boards.
Students can use the materials for study and research.
Students can use the media collection during normal library hours.
Students can use the model for forecasting and policy analysis on-line.
Students can use the modules within a class or independently.
Students can use the money for any licensed or accredited school in Pennsylvania.
Students can use the north exercise room for a free-weight workout.
Students can use the numbers to multiply the dimensions of the rectangle.
Students can use the online edition as an excellent resource for keeping up with local happenings.
Students can use the page in two ways.
Students can use the pay phone outside the gym doors.
Students can use the photographs to study the history of their state.
Students can use the points at any foodservice operation on campus as they see fit.
Students can use the post offices in town or coin operated public phones for brief messages.
Students can use the printable map of the United States to display their work.
Students can use the program on their own or as part of the counseling session.
Students can use the program to download enormous amount of information on the Internet.
Students can use the program to explore and discover geometric properties.
Students can use the program to see what materials their instructor has on reserve.
Students can use the programs in their college, the faculty, or at home.
Students can use the programs online or can download the programs.
Students can use the projector-linked PC to present their findings.
Students can use the puppets to retell the stories or make up their own story to tell.
Students can use the quadrant to determine the time for local noon in their location.
Students can use the quotes they have found, as well as the quotes their group mates have used.
Students can use the remote robots to explore control systems and theory.
Students can use the Repeat Exclusion only for the first time a course was taken.
Students can use the research tools along with many tutorials and fun activities.
Students can use the restroom if they are done.
Students can use the rubrics to evaluate their own work.
Students can use the rushes to edit their own story.
Students can use the same five steps in an activity to change school rules.
Students can use the same questions to evaluate the Web resources they locate on the Internet.
Students can use the same tools to create electronic reports, presentations, and portfolios.
Students can use the same topic or area of information as the basis for their project and paper.
Students can use the scanner to create artwork using a variety of materials.
Students can use the school library to find books on their own.
Students can use the school's computers to access the Internet and send and receive E-mail.
Students can use the scrap paper for feathers.
Students can use the screen as a worksheet.
Students can use the search function at a newspaper's website to find articles about their region.
Students can use the services of the center at any point in their college careers.
Students can use the site in the classroom or at home.
Students can use the site individually or collaborate for a classroom activity.
Students can use the site to select any of five levels, ranging from beginning to advanced.
Students can use the skills they learn to set up a peer intervention or mediation program.
Students can use the software alone or in teams and as a sole or supplemental resource.
Students can use the software as a online tutorial while working in their music sequencing programs.
Students can use the software to create graphs for lab reports and presentations.
Students can use the software to test their conjectures.
Students can use the space, working together, to create subject based web pages.
Students can use the specialized software to search for careers and prepare for grad-uate school.
Students can use the spell-checker and thesaurus in computer applications.
Students can use the strategy to keep attention focused during the task.
Students can use the supplement to enhance their studying as finals approach.
Students can use the support of a family.
Students can use the switch to decide which LED is glowing.
Students can use the system for general practice, as well as specific assignments.
Students can use the talk show model for developing their own program to present to other classes.
Students can use the thermometer to collect data for use in analysis of a major global challenge.
Students can use the tutorial to better prepare before a class begins.
Students can use the various drawing tools to create the images they want to illustrate their logs.
Students can use the various indexes to explore topics and navigate around the program.
Students can use the visual interface at a variety of levels.
Students can use the volunteership for internships or other academic programs.
Students can use the walk-in clinic to see the nurse if they are sick during the day or after hours.
Students can use the walls as a bench or chairs can be brought from inside.
Students can use the weather program to do research on sites all over the United States.
Students can use the web for basic research or to perform virtual lab experiments.
Students can use the web page without their teachers' assistance.
Students can use the web site to link to online math games and math activities.
Students can use the Web to develop class projects and presentations.
Students can use the website to find the answers to the quiz.
Students can use the well-organized online exhibitions to explore topics relating to the Holocaust.
Students can use the whiteboard any time.
Students can use the word lists provided by the program or create their own.
Students can use their artistic skills to create magazine advertisements.
Students can use their browser s search capability to make better use of the notes.
Students can use their cards to purchase a lunch or ala carte snacks.
Students can use their checklists to evaluate the building plan.
Students can use their data, analyses, and conclusions to write their recommendation.
Students can use their debit dollars to make purchases at stores on campus.
Students can use their earnings to pay for their education and get work experience at the same time.
Students can use their e-mail accounts to communicate with others outside of class.
Students can use their federal financial aid to finance exchange and short-term program experiences.
Students can use their financial aid at more than one college simultaneously.
Students can use their financial aid to cover tuition and other program costs.
Students can use their financial aid to help pay tuition and other program costs.
Students can use their flex debit or coins to operate the machines.
Students can use their free time however they choose.
Students can use their home computer to type the written part of their report.
Students can use their imaginations here.
Students can use their individual garden to get creative.
Students can use their instruments to compare the data to the on-line data and practice measuring.
Students can use their knowledge from high school geometry in solving the problem.
Students can use their knowledge of high school geometry in solving the problem.
Students can use their knowledge of measurement and observation to make their hypotheses.
Students can use their lists to write haiku or their sketch to do a black ink painting.
Students can use their lockers before school, before lunch, after lunch, and after school.
Students can use their magazine credits toward the cost of the trip.
Students can use their masks and instruments in performances of two African dances.
Students can use their meal plans at three different facilities on-campus.
Students can use their number sense to make a good estimate.
Students can use their own computers and printers in their rooms, and can also rent a telephone.
Students can use their own computers or they can use the computers in the library.
Students can use their own creativity to draw, paint, record sound and animate graphics.
Students can use their own creativity to draw, paint, record sound, and animate graphics.
Students can use their own minds to determine what they believe.
Students can use their own video tape and take it home.
Students can use their peer helping experience as preparation for a career in a health profession.
Students can use their peer helping experiences as preparation for a career in a health profession.
Students can use their pictures in charts or murals that depict the life cycle of the worm.
Students can use their PIN and apply electronically using the Internet address listed above.
Students can use their quarter classes for the semester requirements.
Students can use their research as a topic for a letter to the editor.
Students can use their same code from any student phone on campus.
Students can use their summer job search to become comfortable with finding jobs online.
Students can use their textbooks to complete the questions in the assignment.
Students can use their U-account to get access to the PC's.
Students can use their Web browsers to control experiments and retrieve data.
Students can use their website to show prospective employers a sampling of their abilities.
Students can use theories to explain past observations and to predict answers to new questions.
Students can use Timbuktu to share a screen with their mentor.
Students can use to find out more information regarding all aspects of the rain forest.
Students can use videos or tapes in their broadcasts.
Students can use welding equipment and the school has a forge.
Students can use whichever translation they prefer as variations in translation are illuminating.
Students can use whole numbers in identifying, measuring, and describing things and experiences.
Students can use yarn, raffia, string to decorate.
Students can usually call and set up an appointment the same day.
Students can usually complete a master's program in three semesters of full-time study.
Students can usually complete one or two internships without affecting their graduation dates.
Students can usually complete the master's degree in two years.
Students can usually complete the requirements in two years.
Students can usually express the results very clearly in three or four pages.
Students can usually give a statement, but they have problems giving specific reasons.
Students can usually see why that s pretentious and uninformative.
Students can usually set up an intake appointment within a week of their call to our center.
Students can usually spell words in a foreign language better than they can spell in English.
Students can utilize a form letter for requesting additional information about the programs.
Students can utilize all resources at their disposal to address the issues in the case.
Students can utilize an array of internet tools to aid their coursework.
Students can utilize e-lists to share classroom data and participate in global projects.
Students can utilize phone registration.
Students can utilize the data to understand the nitrification cycle in aquatic ecosystems.
Students can utilize the daycare for as few as two hours a day, two days a week.
Students can utilize the office to access information addresses to write for further information.
Students can utilize their hours of service toward honor societies and service organizations.
Students can utilize web pages to express their written and artistic creativity.
Students can vary a discussion partner after a whole topic, class, or semester.
Students can vary the harpsichord's timbre simply by pushing a button or moving a lever.
Students can vary the input by adding, subtracting, or multiplying the input in the first column.
Students can venture outdoors to enjoy fishing, camping and swimming at nearby lakes.
Students can verbalize their strengths and weakness.
Students can verbally ask questions that the whole class can hear.
Students can verbally explain some nutrition facts while using their video to relate to others.
Students can vicariously experience things over the Internet that are otherwise out of reach.
Students can video tape each others presentations or group activities for self-analysis.
Students can videoconference.
Students can view a bulletin board listing part-time and temporary jobs.
Students can view a dissected cadaver and actually hold the various organs.
Students can view a sampling of critical responses and perhaps even add to the poem themselves.
Students can view a summary of which tests they have taken in each level.
Students can view all accepted poetry submissions in the archive.
Students can view all courses remaining to take to ensure graduation is as planned.
Students can view all students and companies.
Students can view an example here.
Students can view an image of the instrument, read a description of it, and listen to a performance.
Students can view an instructor' s PC from anywhere.
Students can view and access that course an unlimited number of times.
Students can view and change their local or permanent address.
Students can view and listen to student explanations of the weather phenomena.
Students can view and print any of the material at any time of the day or night.
Students can view and print copies of their account summaries.
Students can view and print professionally-formatted copies of their applications at any point.
Students can view and update their information real-time using their web browsers.
Students can view authentic clips of interviews with clients.
Students can view available classes and make their selections interactively.
Students can view college majors and jobs that match each major.
Students can view college videos on a VCR machine during free periods and after school.
Students can view copyrighted material on the computer screen or out of real time cache.
Students can view coursework via videotape while on work-study assignment at a sponsoring company.
Students can view current and past articles on-line.
Students can view damage from floods, volcanic eruptions, and droughts.
Students can view data graphically and analytically using lists and spreadsheets.
Students can view degree requirements and read descriptions of courses offered.
Students can view each others posters and discuss the different systems.
Students can view grades, advising information, course descriptions and more.
Students can view graphical data generated by lab test equipment using a wide-screen color monitor.
Students can view images when and where they choose.
Students can view information about participating organizations and apply to jobs on-line.
Students can view information and samples by clicking on the links provided.
Students can view lectures at home and work on assignments at their own pace.
Students can view lectures or use wireless headphones to watch international broadcasts.
Students can view materials from the regular desktop workstation.
Students can view materials simultaneously with other students.
Students can view medical school rankings .
Students can view only their own examinations.
Students can view only their own grades.
Students can view other student created work and post their own.
Students can view our complete collection during their initial measurements.
Students can view own results for all quizzes taken.
Students can view pictures of bats that are found in Texas.
Students can view pictures, listen to sounds, watch videos, and read captions to learn basic facts.
Students can view prepared slides of prokaryotic and eucaryotic cells.
Students can view rare and important books from the history of science.
Students can view slide shows on the large computer screen at the same time the teacher is talking.
Students can view small molecules and compare their structures.
Students can view tapes from the collection only in the library.
Students can view tapes from the collection only in the Library.
Students can view tapes of their class performances.
Students can view the complete job description in Folio.
Students can view the course materials any time, any place.
Students can view the course materials at any time and rate since the Web is always available.
Students can view the diagrams in a frame on their browser.
Students can view the list on the web, which has links to the company web site.
Students can view the listings for free at any time.
Students can view the location of genes and change the alleles.
Students can view the materials in familiar surroundings their normal workplace or home.
Students can view the microscopic world of chemistry through the use of graphic animations.
Students can view the photos hierarchically or in random order.
Students can view the photos of the beach sweep.
Students can view the site during their computer class or at home with their parents.
Students can view the text, charts and tables from each publication.
Students can view the videotapes of the lectures missed to replace one of the Symposium lectures.
Students can view the whole country at once, or they can zoom in on a particular state.
Students can view their class schedule and add appointments.
Students can view their final grades on-line even before they receive the formal report.
Students can view their final lab exams and and pick up their lab notebooks.
Students can view their grade point average for each semester and see trends over the school year.
Students can view their grades and instructor feedback online.
Students can view their grades and the rules for passing to the next level.
Students can view their mail from any workstation.
Students can view their own progress and all records are password protected.
Students can view their progress continuously.
Students can view their schedule for the current or any previous semester.
Students can view their scores and grades from two sources.
Students can view towns all over the world.
Students can view video clips and images to learn even more about the life cycle process.
Students can view video clips of clients to observe specific behaviors.
Students can view works of art done by famous artists.
Students can visit a professor's web site to download notes and other materials for the class.
Students can visit a professor's Web site to download notes and other materials for the class.
Students can visit a variety of clubs, many with live music and dancing.
Students can visit a water treatment facility in their community to learn about water quality.
Students can visit and eat in the dining car, with prior reservations.
Students can visit and sketch or photograph monuments to create a visual portfolio in the classroom.
Students can visit businesses, planetariums, theaters, courthouses, and parks.
Students can visit exciting countries and earn college credit at the same time.
Students can visit for a maximum of one year.
Students can visit for interactive study aids.
Students can visit from computers in their classrooms or at the museum itself.
Students can visit other school sites around the world.
Students can visit preselected Internet sites seeking information on drug and alcohol prevention.
Students can visit the booths of hundreds of employers recruiting new college graduates.
Students can visit the campus any weekday.
Students can visit the center and read about bees.
Students can visit the college nurse on a drop-in basis, or call and make a convenient appointment.
Students can visit the condom shop during the regular office hours.
Students can visit the course web site at their leisure.
Students can visit the information table today.
Students can visit the larger cities, while enjoying living in a more relaxed setting.
Students can visit the office on a walk-in basis or individual appointments are available.
Students can visit the site for puzzles, math chats, homework help, and tutoring options.
Students can visit the site to get homework help, conduct research, or study for a test.
Students can visit the small towns and cities of our country.
Students can visit the text s companion web site to find the hot links for each of the descriptions.
Students can visit the tutoring center at any time.
Students can visit the virtual labs whenever they like and conduct as many experiments as they wish.
Students can visit the virtual learning assistance center for support in core knowledge areas.
Students can visit the weather station.
Students can visit the Web sites of elephant programs around the world.
Students can visit their career counsellors at their learning institutes to register.
Students can visualize and ask questions from professional groundskeepers.
Students can visualize reduced terms and the final simple term.
Students can visually study how cells function in our body.
Students can volunteer as dog-walkers and at special events.
Students can volunteer as programmers, designers, writers, editors, salespeople, and managers.
Students can volunteer at many of the research centers on campus.
Students can volunteer at the festival.
Students can volunteer by reading textbooks onto tape for vision-impaired students.
Students can volunteer for any specific task.
Students can volunteer or work for field practicum credit.
Students can volunteer to bring in objects from their own pasts to exhibit and discuss.
Students can volunteer to help on projects that involve national and regional contacts.
Students can volunteer to help.
Students can volunteer to participate or call the group for community project information.
Students can volunteer to read their poems, short story, or essay aloud to class.
Students can volunteer to teach their own language in exchange for Russian or Ukrainian instruction.
Students can volunteer to work in the lounge, or use it for special projects.
Students can volunteer to work with physicians and research staff on research projects.
Students can volunteer to work with the children, do support or office work, or raise funds.
Students can vote for one of three songs.
Students can vote on amendments while listening to the patron's reasons for the legislation.
Students can vote on decisions for each issue via the website or via email.
Students can vote on the closest match.
Students can vote on their favorite.
Students can vote on their three favorites.
Students can vote online after researching the candidates.
Students can vote where and for what they like.
Students can vote with their feet in a university setting.
Students can wait until they think they have mastered the material before being tested on it.
Students can walk around the room and read the lists, stories, poetry, charts, signs, etc.
Students can walk before and after school, during lunch, and during their blocked class time.
Students can walk down the hall and see research they just learned about in a lecture.
Students can walk here, sit and study, congregate, talk with their professors, or just relax.
Students can walk in for a consultation or to sign up for a meeting at another time.
Students can walk in or call to make an appointment.
Students can walk in or schedule an appointment with their career counselor.
Students can walk in to the center to have the test.
Students can walk or bicycle to homes and shops in the immediate area of the campus.
Students can walk or jog around a measured course at school, perhaps on a specific day each week.
Students can walk the halls in either direction and arrive at all locations.
Students can walk there from campus.
Students can walk to combat stresses like fatigue, tension, and anxiety of everyday life.
Students can walk to most of their classes and all of their meals without going outside.
Students can walk to riverside cafes, entertainment, watersports, and the nearby locks and rapids.
Students can walk to stores, the public library, and more importantly, to school from the house.
Students can walk to West Chester's many churches.
Students can walk together to the commencement following the breakfast.
Students can walk, bike or jog in the day or evening without worry.
Students can walk, ride a bike, or take the shuttle bus to their campus activities.
Students can wander in and view their classmates' creative and intellectual efforts.
Students can watch a longer clip from a lecture and practise their listening and note-taking skills.
Students can watch a movie about dinosaurs and hear actual dinosaur sounds.
Students can watch a movie or selected stills carefully and then describe and analyze what they see.
Students can watch any home baseball game from the right and center fields for free.
Students can watch demonstrations of chemical reactions.
Students can watch films in the mass communication office on DVD at any time.
Students can watch heat conduction using both metal and water at the same time.
Students can watch how the changes in position affect other planets as they move Earth.
Students can watch lessons as aired or videotape lessons for later viewing.
Students can watch live videos of animals in zoos and in the wild.
Students can watch television or use cooking facilities in common areas.
Students can watch the animals being fed, bathed, or simply habitating in the environment.
Students can watch the birds in their native habitat - live.
Students can watch the feature over and over again.
Students can watch the features over and over again.
Students can watch the food as it's being made by the cooks.
Students can watch the introduction that demonstrates the letters and their sounds.
Students can watch the online test as it is performed.
Students can watch the section all the way through.
Students can watch the televised program or view tapes of the programs at the campus library.
Students can watch the video for more detailed information after the interviewee leaves.
Students can watch the video on any PC, take the test and get immediate test results.
Students can watch, hear, and interact with multimedia so that they experience it firsthand.
Students can wear anything they want.
Students can wear old shirts so they wont get dirty.
Students can wear red or Cardinal items including hats and jeans or jean shorts.
Students can wear regular coats and jackets.
Students can wear religious symbols.
Students can wear sweaters and sweatshirts.
Students can wear their favorite hat that day.
Students can wear whatever they feel comfortable in.
Students can weigh the ashes only after they have cooled.
Students can weld either new metal or metal found and collected from a nearby scrap yard.
Students can wield enough power to mobilize other groups.
Students can win a trip to France with a high score.
Students can win cash scholarships and their schools can win packages of art supplies.
Students can win exciting prizes for their submissions as well.
Students can win great prizes for themselves and their school.
Students can win only once during the year.
Students can win scholarships.
Students can win several awards from the competition.
Students can withdraw from a dual admission program at any time.
Students can withdraw from classes until the end of the seventh week of the quarter.
Students can withdraw from the program at any time without penalty.
Students can withdraw their winter enrolments up to two days before class commences.
Students can withdraw up to the mid-point of the course.
Students can work ahead and even finish the class early.
Students can work ahead of the class and prepare web resources for upcoming units.
Students can work alone or in a team and reports can be presented to the class and posted.
Students can work alone or in groups of no more than three.
Students can work alone or in groups to complete the tasks.
Students can work alone or in groups.
Students can work alone or in pairs.
Students can work alone or in small groups on challenging verbal problems.
Students can work alone or with others.
Students can work alone, in pairs or against the computer.
Students can work alone, in pairs, in groups, or any variation thereof.
Students can work and prepare for the ministry simultaneously.
Students can work anywhere in the U.S. or the world for that matter.
Students can work as a desk worker during the day in one to four-hour blocks.
Students can work as a married couple making money decisions together.
Students can work as aides, clerical helpers, coaches, etc.
Students can work as designers, learning from mistakes, without damaging consequences.
Students can work as fast or as slow as they wish to complete the program.
Students can work as much as they want per week, but the weekly meetings are mandatory.
Students can work as technologists in hospitals and clinics.
Students can work at a self set pace and do the course work at their convenience.
Students can work at different pace and be assessed when ready.
Students can work at different paces but always have productive work they can do.
Students can work at home or anywhere they can find a computer.
Students can work at home, in the center, or both.
Students can work at own pace.
Students can work at the appropriate skill level in all subject areas.
Students can work at their own level of intensity.
Students can work at their own level with modifications.
Students can work at their own pace , for as often and as long as they want.
Students can work at their own pace and level of ability.
Students can work at their own pace in a friendly, welcoming environment.
Students can work at their own pace on quizzes targeting all ability levels.
Students can work at their own pace on their own PC by using the internet.
Students can work at their own pace or attend classes.
Students can work at their own pace using their own computers at home.
Students can work at their own pace, as hard or as softly as they want.
Students can work at their own pace, as long as they are prepared for the scheduled exams.
Students can work at their own pace, at their own best times.
Students can work at their own pace, when and where they want.
Students can work at their own pace.
Students can work between or after classes.
Students can work both in community development and construction.
Students can work by themselves at the library in their spare time.
Students can work cooperatively.
Students can work directly with patients on a patient floor or in our emergency department.
Students can work during hours that best suit their schedule.
Students can work each section as many times as they wish to improve their scores.
Students can work either individually or in teams.
Students can work either locally or nationwide.
Students can work either part time or full time, or be assigned to complete special projects.
Students can work for any employer, anywhere.
Students can work for as many hours as they like during vacations.
Students can work from a computer at home, from work or in a computer lab on campus.
Students can work from a computer at home, work or in a computer lab on campus.
Students can work from bookmarks that the teacher has organized under a certain topic of study.
Students can work from the comfort of their own home and on their own schedule.
Students can work from virtually anywhere in the library.
Students can work full time during the summer.
Students can work full time or combine part time work with study.
Students can work full-time during the summer.
Students can work full-time individually or in teams on a leadership task.
Students can work homework problems on the Web as many times as necessary to grasp the material.
Students can work in a lot of different domains with technology.
Students can work in a variety of fields represented by the biomedical mathematics faculty .
Students can work in an open lab or at their homes.
Students can work in and out of class.
Students can work in business and industry, in the social services, or abroad.
Students can work in cooperative groups in order to provide modifications for special students.
Students can work in cooperative groups to study the parts and their jobs.
Students can work in cooperative learning groups to discuss their responses as a team.
Students can work in different ways to get the same information.
Students can work in either acrylic or oils.
Students can work in groups more effectively.
Students can work in groups of three or four at different stations in the room.
Students can work in groups of three or four to share their ideas and discuss improvements.
Students can work in groups of two or three.
Students can work in groups or individually to design a categorizing system for their collections.
Students can work in groups or individually.
Students can work in groups to analyze and display the data set they are investigating.
Students can work in groups to brainstorm some answers, then share their ideas with one another.
Students can work in groups to create and perform commercials for recycling and reusing.
Students can work in groups to develop a position together.
Students can work in groups to find the various sums and report back to the class to process.
Students can work in groups to investigate.
Students can work in groups.
Students can work in oil, acrylic or watercolor.
Students can work in pairs and present their decisions to the class.
Students can work in pairs and write the words they find on cards.
Students can work in pairs or alone to build their box and conduct the experiment.
Students can work in pairs or alone.
Students can work in pairs or groups during practice.
Students can work in pairs or groups.
Students can work in pairs or independently.
Students can work in pairs or individually depending on classroom environment.
Students can work in pairs or individually if there are enough materials.
Students can work in pairs to complete the activity and to check each other's work.
Students can work in pairs to create a dance represetative of one of the nine demons in the story.
Students can work in pairs to create questions.
Students can work in pairs to further demonstrate the three types of waves by using a slinky toy.
Students can work in pairs to keep all students involved.
Students can work in pairs to produce questions, exercises, etc. for other pairs to do.
Students can work in pairs, in groups, or individually.
Students can work in pairs, sharing much of the equipment.
Students can work in pairs.
Students can work in small groups of two or three, and then make their own loaves of bread.
Students can work in small groups or alone.
Students can work in small groups or individually before taking the quiz.
Students can work in small groups or individually.
Students can work in small groups to develop an essay, which can then be presented in class.
Students can work in small groups to prepare and present their conclusions to the class.
Students can work in small groups.
Students can work in teams of two or possibly three.
Students can work in teams of two or three students, if they wish.
Students can work in teams or individually.
Students can work in teams with one partner as recorder, or draw and record in their own journals.
Students can work in the areas of business, chemistry, computers, engineering and nursing.
Students can work in the Egyptian numeral system.
Students can work in the Roman numeral system.
Students can work in the same pairs as in the previous two activities.
Students can work in the summer session for pay, as volunteers or for academic credit.
Students can work in their groups to create museum displays on their social history topics.
Students can work in two and three dimensions.
Students can work in various departments on the college campus, libraries, or student labs.
Students can work in virtual teams, reporting results to the full group.
Students can work independently as well as cooperatively in a focused manner.
Students can work independently on it.
Students can work independently or cooperatively in the various activities.
Students can work independently or cooperatively.
Students can work independently or in a classroom setting.
Students can work independently or in groups, etc.
Students can work independently or in groups.
Students can work independently or in pairs.
Students can work independently or with a partner to engage in cooperative learning activities.
Students can work independently or with a partner.
Students can work independently or with guidance from the teacher.
Students can work independently or with supervision on projects creating optical illusions.
Students can work independently to improve their writing in response to the diagnostic feedback.
Students can work independently, and the interface is very well-designed.
Students can work independently, in a group, or with a teacher.
Students can work independently, or in pairs or teams, to complete the activities.
Students can work independently, or in small or large groups.
Students can work independently.
Students can work individual or in co-operative groups depending on the computer availability.
Students can work individually on in groups of two or three.
Students can work individually or as a group.
Students can work individually or as a team.
Students can work individually or in groups of any size.
Students can work individually or in groups of two or three students.
Students can work individually or in groups to complete the activity.
Students can work individually or in groups to complete the scavenger hunt.
Students can work individually or in groups.
Students can work individually or in pairs, depending on the number of students in the class.
Students can work individually or in pairs.
Students can work individually or in small groups to prepare a holiday meal.
Students can work individually or in small groups to record information about the seven characters.
Students can work individually or in small groups while the teacher observes their interactions.
Students can work individually or in small groups.
Students can work individually or in small teams of three or four.
Students can work individually or in teams of two or three members.
Students can work individually or in teams to identify and share pictures.
Students can work individually or in their groups.
Students can work individually or together, or relax on comfortable sofas.
Students can work individually or with a partner.
Students can work individually or with partners.
Students can work individually or work as a team.
Students can work individually, in groups, or as a clas.
Students can work individually, in groups, or as a class.
Students can work individually, in pairs, or in groups of three.
Students can work individually, in pairs, or in small groups to arrange the lyrics correctly.
Students can work individually, in pairs, or in small groups to delve into a topic of interest.
Students can work individually, in pairs, or in small groups.
Students can work individually, in small groups or pairs, or as a class.
Students can work individually, in small groups, or as a large group.
Students can work individually, or in groups.
Students can work inside the studio, or on sunny days outside in the sculpture yard.
Students can work longer or shorter depending on the needs of the employer.
Students can work more independently and set their learning hours to fit their personal schedules.
Students can work off-campus in positions that are approved for curricular practical training.
Students can work on a lesson until it is learned.
Students can work on a project of their choice or one assigned by the instructor.
Students can work on assignments and save their work on the Web site for retrieval later.
Students can work on class projects in the atrium or take their work into the halls on any floor.
Students can work on developing a definition of what makes a good image.
Students can work on or off campus, for full or half credit.
Students can work on our own or within groups.
Students can work on papers, projects, etc.
Students can work on projects each week for each room.
Students can work on projects in pairs as part of course work, for instance.
Students can work on speeches they are preparing for class.
Students can work on the application over several sessions, re-starting without loss of data.
Students can work on the course for as long as they choose.
Students can work on the Internet at school or at home.
Students can work on the neighborhood where their school is.
Students can work on the newspaper for pay or for academic or studio credit.
Students can work on the program's distance learning courses at any time and any place.
Students can work on the student-run newspaper or yearbook.
Students can work on the word searches.
Students can work on their own or in groups.
Students can work on their own projects which means they develop a sense of ownership of their work.
Students can work on their spelling skills by using two interactive programs.
Students can work on two organic synthesis projects.
Students can work one on one with professors through classes, community activities or in research.
Students can work on-line at any time of the day.
Students can work out hours with the site coordinator at orientation.
Students can work overseas for up to six months.
Students can work part time while attending school.
Students can work part-time in a related field while in the program.
Students can work part-time while completing their studies.
Students can work separately or in groups.
Students can work through a computer-based activity at their own pace.
Students can work through practice questions on their own or with study partners.
Students can work through the clues as a class, in small groups, or on their own.
Students can work through the material at their own pace.
Students can work through the process in one large group, or in small groups.
Students can work through the tutorials sequentially or dip in to fill gaps in their knowledge.
Students can work through the unit at their own pace.
Students can work through topics individually or in pairs.
Students can work thse alternatives out during orientation week and during the first week or so.
Students can work together and learn in the process.
Students can work together and test out ideas.
Students can work together and then sit with another pair to check the answers.
Students can work together even though they are in different buildings or even different cities.
Students can work together even though they are in different cities or countries.
Students can work together even though they are in different locations.
Students can work together in groups cooperatively.
Students can work together in many ways.
Students can work together in pairs or alone to re-create the morning message sentence.
Students can work together in small groups to collect information they already have about pioneers.
Students can work together on a project if they have approval from the instructor.
Students can work together on group writing projects.
Students can work together on the solutions.
Students can work together or individually.
Students can work together to complete a project or solve a problem.
Students can work together to create maps, charts, and script for the forecaster.
Students can work together to paint of draw a mural that shows many different kinds of trucks.
Students can work together to plan the study, produce questions for interview protocols, etc.
Students can work together to write a memo to their classmates and present their findings.
Students can work toward a degree or take a course to upgrade their work skills at their own pace.
Students can work toward a two-year degree or take classes to fullfill transfer requirements.
Students can work two or more at a time if there is room.
Students can work under natural lighting or portable lighting.
Students can work until they have earned their entire award amount.
Students can work up to nine hours a week.
Students can work with all age groups in many different fields.
Students can work with all aspects of writing, producing, and programming.
Students can work with brass, copper or sterling silver.
Students can work with community groups and other organizations to complete their service project.
Students can work with each other and ask questions of each other about the content of the course.
Students can work with either word definitions or sentence context clues.
Students can work with faculty members on research.
Students can work with local community organizations through class projects.
Students can work with members of the faculty and administration on a variety of campus committees.
Students can work with partners.
Students can work with the data found on screen or print it out for easier use.
Students can work with the data found on screen or the data can be printed out for easier use.
Students can work with the material at a variety of levels.
Students can work with the on campus troop providing programming to younger scouts.
Students can work with the practice exercises on a stand-alone computer.
Students can work with the same advisor over the course of the whole semester.
Students can work with their teams to prepare their own resumes.
Students can wrap the gifts at school.
Students can write a book about their dog.
Students can write a book review about their independent reading.
Students can write a brief description of the site.
Students can write a brief essay about how they feel about the country they researched.
Students can write a column for the local newspaper .
Students can write a composition explaining the life cycle of the shrimp.
Students can write a letter to tell a friend about something they have learned in mathematics class.
Students can write a page in any word processor or text editor.
Students can write a paper or take a take-home exam.
Students can write a paragraph describing the things that are in their Chumash village.
Students can write a poem or song about butterflies.
Students can write a research paper on their findings or make a presentation to the class.
Students can write a scholarly research paper.
Students can write a sentence in response to each of the prompts.
Students can write a sentence or a paragraph to explain why they chose the names they chose.
Students can write a simple script and sketch ideas for costumes, setting and other characters.
Students can write a small paper of their research process and what they expect to do.
Students can write a song or poem for their holiday.
Students can write about a pattern that they use every day.
Students can write about and share their own humorous adventures with friends.
Students can write about the planets and the sun, giving facts about each one.
Students can write about the process and publish it with photos of their dolls in progress.
Students can write about the temperatures and weather patterns.
Students can write about their interests and activities.
Students can write acrostic poems to give detailed descriptions of the characters.
Students can write an analysis of a scholarly article on one of the authors studied.
Students can write an article about their experience for the school paper.
Students can write an article for the local newspaper to report results.
Students can write an editorial for a newspaper about the incident.
Students can write an essay comparing and contrasting frontier life with present day life.
Students can write an invitation to another class to come view the geo-wrap vests.
Students can write an optional termpaper to improve their grades.
Students can write analytical essays and persuasive essays.
Students can write and edit their work, look for synonyms in a thesaurus.
Students can write and publish their own pioneer journal.
Students can write answers or do calculations right in the book.
Students can write back with their comments.
Students can write checks for cash.
Students can write checks for printer cards at any of the labs.
Students can write comments and explanations.
Students can write comparison papers between environmental factors of unlike organisms.
Students can write complete research papers without ever stepping foot in the library.
Students can write descriptive sentences using the words.
Students can write directions for creating a Chumash home.
Students can write directly in the discussion box or copy and paste longer papers.
Students can write down daily assignments, and parents and teachers can communicate through notes.
Students can write editorials and letters to the editor.
Students can write effective resumes and coverletters.
Students can write essays based on prompts for persuasive or descriptive development, as examples.
Students can write essays in support or opposition to editorials or letters to the editor.
Students can write essays under test conditions for realistic practice.
Students can write features, columns and game stories or simply provide results and statistics.
Students can write fictional stories or poems about time.
Students can write in free verse or use any structure or rhyme scheme that suits their purpose.
Students can write in scientific style.
Students can write independently or in cooperative groups their own fairy tale.
Students can write letters or postcards to friends and relatives on vacation.
Students can write letters to a pen pal that is living in any war-torn country.
Students can write letters to other students or staff members at school.
Students can write letters, stories, and paragraphs.
Students can write music.
Students can write notes or reports with an electronic notebook.
Students can write on it, cut out articles.
Students can write or draw the sequence of events involved in the creation of that product.
Students can write or illustrate a dream for one of their favorite characters in a book.
Students can write papers approaching professional caliber.
Students can write poems or stories about person studied.
Students can write reports on their findings.
Students can write research proposals.
Students can write similes and metaphors using words that describe pumpkins.
Students can write statements concerning prime numbers, composite numbers, or patterns of factors.
Students can write stories about the slippers, and their adventures with their owners.
Students can write stories accompanied by photos they shoot.
Students can write summative sentences or paragraphs about the reproduction.
Students can write the lyrics to the song for further reinforcement.
Students can write the story online or cut and paste it into a window.
Students can write their appreciation of what they have read.
Students can write their comments in a notebook and compare in student groups.
Students can write their final papers on the topic of their choice.
Students can write their names across the wrists.
Students can write their names in hieroglyphics.
Students can write their own books with words, sounds, and pictures.
Students can write their own original myths.
Students can write their own space science fiction story the the space story studio.
Students can write their own story aboout a dog.
Students can write their responses on the board.
Students can write to speculate about the practical value of their learning.
Students can write to the whole group, to one or two other students, or to their instructor.
Students can write to their state's Representative regarding hate crime legislation.
Students can write whatever they believe to be appropriate to their interpretation of the story.
Students can xerox individual copies for their personal use.
Students can zoom in and out to check out life forms and relationships.
Students can zoom in on an area to examine it more closely.
Students can zoom in on the images in normal or cross-polarised light. .
Students can zoom in on the images in normal or cross-polarised light.
Students can zoom in to uncover hidden objects and fascinating details.
Students can zoom out to their state or country.
Students can, and do have, their own internet accounts with commercial providers.
Students can, and do, move all over the world to find examples of art and architecture.
Students can, and often do, register for the course multiple times during their graduate careers.
Students can, and regularly do, get help directly from the professor teaching the class.
Students can, do, and want to learn.
Students can, for instance, learn at home on the weekend.
Students can, however, apply for financial aid at any time throughout the school year.
Students can, however, do independent studies and projects as part of their program.
Students can, however, do one without the other.
Students can, however, enter the pipeline at any point.
Students can, however, include additional nonvoting members on their committees if they wish.
Students can, however, opt to take a different second elective from the list of courses available.
Students can, however, opt to take another elective from the list of core courses offered.
Students can, however, photocopy the exams at our copy centre.
Students can, however, reduce their risk of injury by following several basic steps.
Students can, however, send any Web document to a printer if they want a paper copy.
Students can, however, view grade distributions for individual classes by clicking here .
Students can, if eligible, apply for more than one award.
Students can, if they wish, send in an additional piece written for another A-level subject.
Students can, nevertheless, use employment settings for practicums.
Students can, of course, bring or purchase elsewhere any software for their personal use.
Students can, of course, choose to take a fifth course in the spring of their senior year.
Students can, of course, mix quarter and semester classes.
Students can, of course, opt to attend part-time.
Students can, therefore, complete both degree programs in five years.
Students can, with the approval of their primary advisor, take advantage of both opportunities.
Students can, with their adviser's assistance, tailor course work to specific interests.
Students can, within reason, choose a program of modules to meet their own requirements.
Students can, without an appointment, drop by and sit down at our new workstation.
Students care about each other.
Students care about issues, but they care more when they believe that their feelings have an impact.
Students care about the world beyond the campus and are involved in making it a better place.
Students care daily for bald and golden eagles and several hawks.
Students care for families during normal pregnancies.
Students care for fertilized salmon or trout eggs in classroom incubation units.
Students care for one greenhouse area of specimen plants.
Students care for patients in a variety of settings.
Students care for patients in nursing home, health care center or hospital.
Students care for selected patients in obstetrical and pediatric units.
Students care for the school resident animals while attending the first five quarters of school.
Students care more about the quality of their work when an outside audience reads it.
Students carefully examine and evaluate the progress of their experiment.
Students carefully excavate a mock burial after instruction in field retreival techniques.
Students carefully explore the literature and prepare an annotated bibliography.
Students carefully tear each corner off, along with their respective numbers, as in the picture.
Students carpool in groups and spend the day picking up trash in and along the brook.
Students carpool to a training site, where they start on small hills.
Students carry a gun-fire wounded classmate to the hospital.
Students carry a minimum of five courses each semester.
Students carry a minimum of five courses per term.
Students carry backpacks just like Canadian students.
Students carry beginning direct service responsibilities.
Students carry beginning, direct-service responsibilities.
Students carry colored back packs that identify what class or school they are in.
Students carry forward into the future.
Students carry four courses per semester to complete the program in two years.
Students carry homework and record data for their assignments on their handheld computers.
Students carry matching dictionaries.
Students carry on approved research projects in their major area under supervision of staff member.
Students carry one of the wounded away from clash with vigilantes.
Students carry out a guided comprehensive review of the literature on a current research topic.
Students carry out a guided, comprehensive review of the literature on a current research topic.
Students carry out a marketing research project.
Students carry out a research investigation based on a structured research proposal.
Students carry out a research project and produce a research paper.
Students carry out a research project applying the symbolic interactionists' perspective.
Students carry out a research project on a topic of local or regional importance.
Students carry out a research project under the direction of a faculty member.
Students carry out a series of experiments as course assignments.
Students carry out a study using one or more of the methods discussed in class.
Students carry out a telephone survey to get the idea of what magazines are read locally.
Students carry out a variety of experiments.
Students carry out a wide range of indoor and outdoor hands-on activities.
Students carry out activities.
Students carry out advanced creative problems in radio production and direction.
Students carry out advanced creative problems in video production and direction.
Students carry out an empirical research project and write a research paper.
Students carry out an exploratory experiment leading to the concept of specificity.
Students carry out an extended full-time research project during the final year.
Students carry out an historical investigation of land use and community in their area.
Students carry out an independent research project under the direction of a faculty committee.
Students carry out an individual research project.
Students carry out an online investigation and create a bar graph to find out.
Students carry out an online investigation and create a data table to find out.
Students carry out an online investigation and create pictographs to find out.
Students carry out an online investigation and learn how to calculate the median of a dataset.
Students carry out any research necessary to find source materials relevant to their topic.
Students carry out counting procedures involving sets and arrangements.
Students carry out exercises and projects, which explore problems of conceptualization and craft.
Students carry out experiments applying principles learned in classroom biochemistry lectures.
Students carry out experiments.
Students carry out individual and group activities, and present their ideas in online discussions.
Students carry out individual projects, meeting in weekly seminar to share problems and discoveries.
Students carry out investigations.
Students carry out necessary preliminary work and submit a progress report.
Students carry out or participate in a research project under the guidance of a faculty member.
Students carry out original research on a topic of their choice.
Students carry out original research projects from the onset of their graduate careers.
Students carry out practical analysis of spoken and written texts.
Students carry out practical work in schools and youth groups and make other, observational visits.
Students carry out practicals and attend demonstrations by both physics and medical staff.
Students carry out projects in laboratories of program faculty.
Students carry out projects in the research laboratories of faculty members.
Students carry out real-life projects at reputable companies.
Students carry out repeat experiments.
Students carry out research appropriate to undergraduates, under faculty supervision.
Students carry out research projects in the labs and present the work in formal seminars.
Students carry out research under the direction of a faculty member.
Students carry out scientific investigations.
Students carry out selected experiments in optics, electronics, solid state and general physics.
Students carry out supervised appraisal projects as part of the course.
Students carry out the detailed design of the senior projects chosen during the first semester.
Students carry out the thought process into a final work.
Students carry out the work during ten weeks in the summer.
Students carry out their dissertation research with any appropriate research supervisor.
Students carry out their investigations and then report to the class the results of their studies.
Students carry out their own story ideas.
Students carry out thesis or dissertation research with support from a research grant.
Students carry outnecessary preliminary work and submit a progress report.
Students carry pagers and are on call at night and on weekends on a rotational basis.
Students carry passports to record their work and to show completion of specific tasks.
Students carry plastic egg in ladle around a chair and back.
Students carry that awareness into all of their course work, including their major fields of study.
Students carry the primary responsibility for their own learning.
Students carry viruses, carpets carry dust, and the air carries allergens.
Students carry waterproof notebooks where they draw, describe and classify the animals they find.
Students carry weapons for a variety of reasons.
Students carry weapons for protection.
Students carrying any drug in baggies or envelopes are subject to disciplinary actions.
Students carrying books and tote bags hurry to class.
Students carrying less than eight credits pay a pro-rated fee.
Students carrying one course have no aid eligibility.
Students carrying one or more credits are eligible for .
Students carrying one or more credits are eligible for available counseling services.
Students carrying two courses per semester are eligible for reduced financial assistance.
Students carve a petroglyph onto a rock.
Students cat together.
Students catalog each piece of information.
Students catalog, restore and display the costumes as directed by the fashion curator.
Students catch a half-meter stick as it is dropped.
Students Catch a rising star.
Students catch on quickly here, and start adding what they run across, too.
Students catch the ball and add, subtract or multiply the numbers their thumbs touch.
Students catch up on the latest news between classes.
Students categorize bones according to chart and record findings.
Students categorize pictures of water and design a collage.
Students categorize snacks.
Students categorize their material in the appropriate containers.
Students cater events for local groups.
Students caught with illegal drugs are subject to local laws.
Students caught with weapons face disciplinary action ranging from probation to expulsion.
Students celebrate birthdays near the end of the month.
Students celebrate democracy.
Students celebrate life at a dance held at school.
Students celebrate personal milestones at eighth Winter Commencement.
Students celebrate the end of a class with a dinner out in New York City.
Students celebrate the freedom to read and they connect at the library.
Students celebrate their birthdays by giving a book to the library in honor of the event.
Students celebrate their graduation.
Students celebrate their respective victories.
Students celebrate with a snack party they have helped plan.
Students celebrating birthdays can pick one out for free.
Students certainly appreciate being treated as a person rather than as a number.
Students certainly know the value of Internet technology skills.
Students certainly learn from each other in laboratories, hallways, dorm rooms, and even beer halls.
Students certainly prefer to have a word list provided.
Students certify as architecture students at their second year.
Students certify lessons completed under correspondence training on a quarterly basis.
Students chalk up their runs on the board as they come in.
Students challenge each other repeatedly about understanding of the concepts.
Students challenge each other to find target numbers on a number line.
Students challenge each other to match definitions to pictures and words.
Students challenge each other.
Students challenge teachers to teach, and teachers challenge students to learn.
Students challenge the quality of each other's evidence and reasoning.
Students challenge themselves by developing problems to solve on their own.
Students challenge themselves instead of feeling competitive with their classmates.
Students change classes for each of the six class periods daily.
Students change classes.
Students change different features of the Earth and solar system and record the effects on Earth.
Students change each clay form bit by bit, photographing a frame at a time.
Students change from year to year and so does the teaching of the class.
Students change into fire fighting ensemble, boots and oxygen breathing apparatus.
Students change into uwabaki , or indoor shoes.
Students change or modify existing text and pictures to present an updated, gender equitable story.
Students change partners.
Students change roles after each purchase.
Students change status from term to term.
Students change tables every two weeks and share in waiting at meal time and in kitchen chores.
Students change teams, new students sign up, others drop out.
Students change the position and shape of the wing.
Students change the way they study.
Students change their designs and instantly see resulting changes in the waves.
Students change to their inside footwear upon entering the school.
Students changing residence halls have the next choices.
Students changing their looks Students enter the senior high school with tired looks.
Students chant each word's spelling and then cover it.
Students characterize animal hairs, naturally occurring fibers, and man-made fibers.
Students charged with academic dishonesty have the right to appeal any disciplinary action.
Students chart speed and accuracy when acquiring a new skill or process.
Students chart the daily growth of vegetables.
Students chart the data they have collected and draw inferences from their data.
Students chart the pros versus the cons for removal of dams and their effect.
Students chart their answers.
Students chart their mushers' progress by moving paper sleds on a bulletin board in our classroom.
Students chart their own course with some control over what, how, and when they learn things.
Students chat on-line with the professor and each other.
Students chat with one another in a dorm room.
Students cheat in college.
Students cheat in traditional classes.
Students cheat, as do professors.
Students check a variety of points in their model and write a paragraph explaining their solution.
Students check and correct their own work.
Students check and record heart-rates of other classmates.
Students check answers with their partners.
Students check books out for long periods of time.
Students check boxes on an answer sheet corresponding to their selected answer to a question.
Students check class schedules and transcripts.
Students check each other's work.
Students check email and build homepages instead of doing research.
Students check for fire safety.
Students check in at the main desk and are assigned to a computer station.
Students check in daily at their own convenience.
Students check in, and read quietly.
Students check materials and check items on list.
Students check off boxes as they complete the assignment.
Students check off the information they want included on the enrollment certification report.
Students check off their names in the database when they returned permission slips.
Students check out a book to report on for the class.
Students check out a different picture story book daily.
Students check out books and read at their own pace outside class.
Students check out books any day of the week.
Students check out books for three weeks.
Students check out books only on assigned days.
Students check out books weekly for pleasure and research.
Students check out materials in person during hours of operation.
Students check out online classes.
Students check out tapes or use library tapes to write dictation at their own speed levels.
Students check out the decorations in the gym as they wait for the performance to begin.
Students check out the equipment free of charge, and instruction is available for beginners.
Students Check out the student handbook and a showcase of student achievement.
Students check out videos for home viewing.
Students check the answer on the back of the paper strip.
Students check the columns that apply.
Students check the effects of compost on the size of tomato plants.
Students check the numbers.
Students check the printed materials for additional background information.
Students check the response and provide help if necessary.
Students check the social studies accelerated reader list.
Students check the Web site when starting a new study unit.
Students check their answers by clicking.
Students check their conclusions using global maps.
Students check their current actions and add to the list over time.
Students check their estimates and record their measurements on the papers.
Students check their own answers by flipping the card and looking on the back.
Students check their papers.
Students check their work and assemble their puzzle book.
Students check their work.
Students check to see if our class has received any email.
Students check today's weather forecast on The Weather Channel Web site for the closest major city.
Students check whether stress is placed on what happened or when it happened.
Students check whether stress is placed on when or where something is happening.
Students check whether stress is placed on words showing time or place.
Students check whether stress is placed on words that show action or time, when or what happened.
Students check whose role for each item listed.
Students check with chemistry, physics, statistics and calculus teachers for approved calculators.
Students check with the financial aid office for deferred payment options.
Students checking out books from the library also have to scan their bar code.
Students checkout books for reading and research.
Students cheer at football and basketball games and attend a cheerleading camp during the summer.
Students cheer for their friends at one event and express their talents at another event.
Students cheer links to nontraditional companies.
Students cherry pick their courses from top professors at top schools.
Students choose a book and sign up for a time slot.
Students choose a book from home or from the classroom library to read for a set period of time.
Students choose a book of the Bible and study it.
Students choose a card and accompanying music.
Students choose a career pathway as early as the eighth grade.
Students choose a class time best suited to their personal schedule.
Students choose a concentration area of study from among social policy and direct practice.
Students choose a concentration by the end of the sophomore year.
Students choose a concentration by the end of their second year.
Students choose a concentration in either fiction or poetry.
Students choose a concentration in either modern dance or classical ballet.
Students choose a country to research and give a presentation to the class as a whole.
Students choose a course of study for their two weeks.
Students choose a current topic and relate it to Jewish tradition and text.
Students choose a current topic in plant biology for study and presentation.
Students choose a curriculum and then work with proficiency learner outcome questions.
Students choose a day.
Students choose a faculty mentor and participate in a research project.
Students choose a faculty mentor who shares their policy interests.
Students choose a fairy tale to read aloud.
Students choose a favorite local food that they know how to prepare.
Students choose a favorite story and note the details they wish to include in the game.
Students choose a field of concentration in which most or all of their course work is done.
Students choose a field of study based on their interests, abilities and goals.
Students choose a final project, design an experiment, and execute it.
Students choose a fourth methods course focusing on research techniques relevant to public policy.
Students choose a goal, then list the books they've read to meet that goal on the reading log.
Students choose a health warning and illustrate it, to create a poster.
Students choose a historical figure from the Revolutionary War and become that figure.
Students choose a home department in which one of the participating faculty reside.
Students choose a language track for a specific cultural focus.
Students choose a local landmark to research and learn about.
Students choose a major research topic to investigate.
Students choose a management concentration for a variety of reasons.
Students choose a mentor and research project based upon their particular interests.
Students choose a mentor from among eligible faculty members.
Students choose a minor field which complements their career objectives and future plans.
Students choose a minor from several choices.
Students choose a minor that provides an area of specialization.
Students choose a minor track and earn grades of C or higher in the courses required for that track.
Students choose a morning and an afternoon class or one that meets all day.
Students choose a music option from general music, band, vocal music or orchestra.
Students choose a music style and with a partner write lyrics according to the music genre chosen.
Students choose a name at random from a list provided by the teacher.
Students choose a news article to analyze using on-line statistical resources.
Students choose a number of el ective courses to satisfy their chosen specialization.
Students choose a number of elective courses to satisfy their chosen specialization.
Students choose a number of internal and external electives.
Students choose a number of mini-projects or a major research project.
Students choose a partner and brainstorm ways to achieve a health goal.
Students choose a partner for the week for swimming and other activities.
Students choose a partner or instructor pairs students.
Students choose a pattern and glass, cut and grind the glass, then solder the pieces together.
Students choose a person to interview, preferably in a career area of their choice.
Students choose a pic on the board, and others ask questions.
Students choose a policy area from the list below and take four courses related to that area.
Students choose a preceptor to supervise their research during the first year of residence.
Students choose a principle focus, such as instrument, voice, or composition.
Students choose a proctor, have tests sent to the proctor, and then arrange a test-taking time.
Students choose a profession they're interested in and considering for their career.
Students choose a project and do it in class.
Students choose a project and write a research proposal at the end of the first week.
Students choose a project reflecting their own interests.
Students choose a project, design a protocol, perform an experiment and report their findings.
Students choose a protein sequence from DNA sequence data.
Students choose a psychology major for a number of reasons.
Students choose a quiz, enter their ID, and get a selection of questions.
Students choose a relevant topic area for detailed study and report.
Students choose a research project and work with a faculty mentor for ten weeks over the summer.
Students choose a research topic to work on as part of the final project.
Students choose a residential or day program.
Students choose a section to work on and then created it.
Students choose a selection from the eleven available.
Students choose a senior design project and complete the preliminary design.
Students choose a senior design project and prepare a preliminary design report.
Students choose a set of four courses in each of the first two terms.
Students choose a set of three courses in each of the first two terms.
Students choose a short poem that they like.
Students choose a single or interdisciplinary major, or they create their own.
Students choose a small number of in-depth experiments to perform.
Students choose a specialty area in the junior and senior years and take upper level courses.
Students choose a sponsor with whom they share interests.
Students choose a state and draft a letter requesting information from their state.
Students choose a stream that they are most interested in studying.
Students choose a supervisor and seminar topic and submit a draft written report.
Students choose a target course to learn the strategies necessary for effective learning.
Students choose a technical program based on their interests and aptitudes.
Students choose a title for a story then submit words to include in the story.
Students choose a topic in conjunction with a supervisor and are then free to work on their own.
Students choose a topic they want to learn more about.
Students choose a topic to illustrate and write a paragraph describing their topic.
Students choose a topic, then state a question related to it in narrative form.
Students choose a track after their first semester in the program.
Students choose a traditional band instrument at the beginning of the school year.
Students choose a tree to measure using a clinometer.
Students choose a variety of different lifestyles.
Students choose activities and placed into.
Students choose activities.
Students choose additional courses that best meet their professional goals.
Students choose additional topics to suit their individual requirements and background.
Students choose advisers whose research interests are compatible with their own interests.
Students choose advisers with whom they feel comfortable talking about academic or personal matters.
Students choose all of their courses.
Students choose all their own credit courses.
Students choose among a standard test format and several interactive games for their study sessions.
Students choose among course topics that address both their concentrations.
Students choose among course topics that address their interests.
Students choose among optional courses.
Students choose among several clusters that differ in topic.
Students choose among several curricular options.
Students choose among Spanish, Latin, Japanese and French.
Students choose an acceptable topic for their multimedia presentation and begin to gather materials.
Students choose an activity and faculty mentor related to their interests.
Students choose an activity in one of the areas for that day.
Students choose an activity or therapeutic medium for treatment to use on three case studies.
Students choose an additional eight to nine hours from a menu of courses.
Students choose an additional topic to suit their individual requirements and background.
Students choose an advisor.
Students choose an animal and study that animal's behavior over the two week period.
Students choose an appropriate form for their compositions based on audience and purpose.
Students choose an appropriate mix of optional courses according to their preference.
Students choose an area of concentration and work in that area every day for the entire summer.
Students choose an area of discovery for outdoor learning labs.
Students choose an area of social conflict and read fiction and essays relevant to that area.
Students choose an area of special interest and conduct on-farm research to explore their ideas.
Students choose an area to research and present findings to the class in seminar fashion.
Students choose an Arthurian character to write a sketch of.
Students choose an artist to research.
Students choose an Australian marsupial and find facts about it.
Students choose an earthworm to take home or enjoy their earthworm exploration in the greenhouse.
Students choose an elective course in addition to one major course.
Students choose an endangered animal from their Internet search as the subject of their report.
Students choose an episode from a book and read it to a friend.
Students choose an event and study it in detail using both online and print resources.
Students choose an expanded liberal arts background or use electives to design their own programs.
Students choose an interesting question or topic in chemistry or physics to investigate.
Students choose and enroll in workshops in consultation with their research directors.
Students choose and evaluate a range of subject matter, symbols, and ideas.
Students choose and present short film clips to illustrate how theories are applied.
Students choose and read materials on their individual levels.
Students choose and research a topic or problem and discuss their findings in class.
Students choose and work with someone else who makes the same choice.
Students choose animal types and sizes based on resources in the biome.
Students choose another short article, or story, and find the adverbs.
Students choose answers.
Students choose any three elective from the five seminar courses below.
Students choose appropriate graphics to enhance their covers.
Students choose approved courses from each area.
Students choose at least one major.
Students choose at least one of the following.
Students choose at least two of the following.
Students choose at the end of the first year.
Students choose based on their schedules and their interests.
Students choose between an evaluation of the school system and a general research programme.
Students choose between areas such as cell biology, ecology, and genetics.
Students choose between different modes of on-line help as they deem necessary.
Students choose between ice hockey, basketball and dance.
Students choose between the thesis track and the non-thesis track.
Students choose between two concentrations.
Students choose between two paper options.
Students choose between writing in their journals or addressing assigned topics.
Students choose books from a list.
Students choose books from each of the three groups.
Students choose books from the outstanding titles on the Cherokee Bend Accelerated Reader test list.
Students choose books that are on their reading range to read.
Students choose books to read each night.
Students choose books within their reading range to check out.
Students choose classes in areas of interest and remain there for a nine-week period.
Students choose cognates which support their course of study and career goals.
Students choose community colleges for many reasons.
Students choose courses appropriate to their discipline.
Students choose courses for the minor with the approval of the director of the minor.
Students choose courses from a variety of departments as appropriate.
Students choose courses from different departments within a theme of concentration.
Students choose courses from three broad categories.
Students choose courses in business, liberal arts, and humanities.
Students choose courses in literature, science, humanities, social sciences, and foreign languages.
Students choose courses in mechanical engineering and from other departments.
Students choose courses in the humanities, liberal arts, sciences, social sciences, and business.
Students choose courses which focus on the option in which they have decided to specialize.
Students choose creative activities.
Students choose creative projects from various subjects and medias.
Students choose describing words for the picture.
Students choose designated courses from each of the categories.
Students choose desired activities from a list provided.
Students choose differentiated activities for each of the chosen books.
Students choose disguises.
Students choose dorm or homestay for various reasons.
Students choose easiest route for a hiking path based on topographic profile alone.
Students choose either a semester or full-year option.
Students choose either a social services or an applied sociology configuration of courses.
Students choose either a summer term or full year program.
Students choose either a weekday or weekend schedule, or combination.
Students choose either an inner city or rural track.
Students choose either an operational meteorology track or a general atmospheric sciences track.
Students choose either of two emphases.
Students choose either one based on the level of preparation in chemistry desired.
Students choose either the broadcast journalism sequence or print journalism sequence.
Students choose either the full or part-time program at the end of the summer.
Students choose either the rural or inner city track.
Students choose either the thesis or the non-thesis option.
Students choose elective clerkships to complete the remaining three months.
Students choose elective courses in accordance with their academic interests.
Students choose electives according to their research problem and preferences.
Students choose electives each semester to focus their studies toward a particular field of justice.
Students choose electives from all course offerings to complete their required credit total.
Students choose electives in consultation with their adviser.
Students choose electives to complete their required credit total.
Students choose electives to supplement required courses.
Students choose electives to supplement the required courses.
Students choose electives which match their unique interests and abilities.
Students choose entertainers and work together to produce events.
Students choose ethical courses of actions and are trustworthy.
Students choose evenings in the residence halls over outings with professors.
Students choose fables from library books.
Students choose fieldwork sites by a lottery system and in consultation with the fieldwork director.
Students choose five additional subjects from the following, in keeping with their chosen stream.
Students choose five books from a list of nine and write essays on each.
Students choose five subjects.
Students choose four additional subjects from the following, in keeping with their chosen stream.
Students choose four core courses from a list of five.
Students choose four electives in consultation with a graduate supervisor.
Students choose four modules from a wide range of subjects which are listed in the table below.
Students choose four subject areas to study and assessment is by examination.
Students choose from a broad approach, and other times are strictly theoretical or applied.
Students choose from a catalog of offerings from faculty mentors.
Students choose from a departmentally approved list.
Students choose from a full array of liberal arts offerings.
Students choose from a list of electives, such as art and dance for their afternoon class.
Students choose from a menu of classes offered by middle school teachers.
Students choose from a multifaceted program design which offers a variety of learning opportunities.
Students choose from a range of options, which highlight cultural and economic aspects of education.
Students choose from a series of optional units.
Students choose from a variety of academic programs.
Students choose from a variety of business electives in the final semester.
Students choose from a variety of competitive and non-competitive offerings each season.
Students choose from a variety of courses in data communications protocols and networking.
Students choose from a variety of individual, dual, and team sports and recreational activities.
Students choose from a variety of meal plans that offer different levels of participation.
Students choose from a variety of menus.
Students choose from a variety of options to fulfill their educational requirements.
Students choose from a variety of programs to fulfill their practical training requirements.
Students choose from a variety of seminars offered each semester.
Students choose from a variety of subjects for university and post-secondary preparation.
Students choose from a well-labeled menu of possible experiments.
Students choose from a wide choice of majors.
Students choose from a wide range of courses offered by the university.
Students choose from a wide selection of courses.
Students choose from a wide variety of liberal arts courses .
Students choose from a wide variety of liberal arts courses.
Students choose from a wide variety of methodologies to perform the inquiry on their subject.
Students choose from among a range of topics reflecting departmental programs and student interests.
Students choose from an array of courses and select a thesis or non-thesis option.
Students choose from an assortment of services.
Students choose from an extensive list of course offerings.
Students choose from courses offered in a wide range of fields.
Students choose from drawing, painting, ceramics, and photography.
Students choose from entrepreneurship, computer, journalism, publishing classes and work study.
Students choose from Latin, French, German and Spanish.
Students choose from one of several tracks.
Students choose from one of the eleven liberal arts minor concentrations.
Students choose from presentations by community professionals on various topics.
Students choose from selection provided by faculty and community representatives.
Students choose from seven formats, depending on the desired degree of difficulty.
Students choose from several kinds of exercises for each skill.
Students choose from several organizations and formed groups based on their volunteer placement.
Students choose from several patterns to get their vintage quilt underway.
Students choose from several production processes, make runs, and perform capability analyses.
Students choose from special topics, with an emphasis on cultures and societies outside of the West.
Students choose from special topics, with an emphasis on cultures and societies outside the West.
Students choose from the four basic functions.
Students choose from the remaining menu activities.
Students choose from the same courses as British students.
Students choose from three stories to finish writing about the life of a recycled product.
Students choose from two meat selections and two or three vegetable selections.
Students choose from two programs.
Students choose groups by choosing books.
Students choose headlines, political cartoons, etc.
Students choose homes, a method of transportation, an appliance, communication tools, or fashions.
Students choose ideas and subject matter and create interesting, enjoyable and well-written stories.
Students choose individual projects which develop their advanced skills.
Students choose internship experiences from local, state, national, and international settings.
Students choose laboratory rotations that help broaden the research experience.
Students choose length of stay, course and accommodations.
Students choose letters at the top of columns to create new words.
Students choose listening material.
Students choose magnets to make designs.
Students choose majors at different points in their college career.
Students choose many different topics for speech class.
Students choose materials to make pattern, color, and glue to paper.
Students choose missing words to complete paragraphs.
Students choose modules according to their particular requirements.
Students choose new names.
Students choose nonfiction for a variety of reasons often unrelated to school curricular matters.
Students choose objects to represent each planet from a selection provided by their teacher.
Students choose one area that needs to be researched and explore that area.
Students choose one area that needs to be researched, and they explore that area.
Students choose one career to research at the beginning of the lesson.
Students choose one center at which to take the majority of their courses.
Students choose one class per session and are grouped according to age.
Students choose one course from a selection of scientific issues courses .
Students choose one course.
Students choose one elective each week.
Students choose one elective per semester.
Students choose one essay from each of two groups of three essays.
Students choose one fish or sea creature found in the Pacific Ocean.
Students choose one meat, two servings of vegetables or fruits, one serving of bread and a drink.
Students choose one module from among the subjects proposed in each area.
Students choose one national literature as their major concentration.
Students choose one of a set of programs.
Students choose one of five tracks appropriate to their own vocational interests.
Students choose one of six specialty areas for intensive study and research.
Students choose one of the countries, research it, and do either a written or oral report.
Students choose one of the eight tracks listed below.
Students choose one of the following concentrations.
Students choose one of the options and perform the task.
Students choose one of the options listed below.
Students choose one of the options within the major.
Students choose one of the problems to solve and work on it for awhile.
Students choose one of the programs for graduate study at the end of the first year.
Students choose one of the rights and either draw an illustration for it or write a story about it.
Students choose one of the sites and research on the computer and in library for information.
Students choose one of the two following major tracks.
Students choose one of their favorite photographs.
Students choose one of three specialty fields.
Students choose one of two broad options.
Students choose one of two colors and name the shape as they choose their color.
Students choose one of two modules offered each semester, four in all.
Students choose one of two options.
Students choose one of two product tracks.
Students choose one or more of four separate units on Czech literature, film, art and music.
Students choose one paper from the group to present to the class.
Students choose one Polish language course and four area studies courses.
Students choose one poor country each year to learn about AND to help.
Students choose one question from the four provided for each part.
Students choose one question to pursue for the next five and a half weeks.
Students choose one room and cut out pictures from magazines to decorate it.
Students choose one shop to attend for a nine week period.
Students choose one special track to participate in during the week.
Students choose one text from one of the listed types of text.
Students choose one to research.
Students choose one topic and create a short story about it.
Students choose one topic from their discipline and do an extended research paper on it.
Students choose one unit from each timetable slot.
Students choose one workshop or the other at the beginning of the term.
Students choose only one evening to attend.
Students choose options.
Students choose other courses after consultation with their advisers.
Students choose other courses in consultation with the director of graduate studies.
Students choose other students with whom they wish to work and people they wish to research.
Students choose overlays of data.
Students choose own starting date, schedule, and duration of training.
Students choose Ozarks because of our commitment to education.
Students choose partners.
Students choose parts and read together in small groups.
Students choose persons to research and make reports.
Students choose points in time and measure blood pressure and heart rate.
Students choose problems from their own writing to become the focus of lessons.
Students choose professional farm management, direct management, or both.
Students choose projects according to their ideas and field of interest.
Students choose projects for the quarter.
Students choose projects in consultation with their instructor.
Students choose projects with their instructor.
Students choose questions based upon their unique mathematical ability in different content areas.
Students choose reading from a selection covering several different genre.
Students choose related special topics to study in depth and present in class.
Students choose research methods for a project and critically evaluate alternatives.
Students choose rooming arrangements and are interviewed at length concerning placement.
Students choose schools largely on the basis of the appearance of buildings and grounds.
Students choose sequences from several alternatives.
Students choose settings that best reflect their needs and professional interests.
Students choose sites from a faculty-approved list.
Students choose sites that fit their professional interests, their own schedules, and locations.
Students choose six single semester options.
Students choose solutions to problems.
Students choose some means of publicly presenting their material.
Students choose some of their own music for study.
Students choose special projects .
Students choose special projects.
Students choose specialized courses in art and design.
Students choose specific courses in consultation with their academic advisor.
Students choose streets to investigate.
Students choose student performance tasks.
Students choose subjects which fit their individual ambitions.
Students choose symbols with which to label their vials until the true genotypes are determined.
Students choose the area based on academic interests, internship possibilities, program reputation.
Students choose the books that make up the reading list.
Students choose the books they want to read and win real prizes.
Students choose the button Student Tools to change the password and any other information.
Students choose the cognate that best supports their particular career direction.
Students choose the college that best fits their needs and ambitions.
Students choose the college that best fits their needs, their ambitions.
Students choose the country and present a report at the end of each tri-mester.
Students choose the course and then they enter our school.
Students choose the course appropriate to their area of certification.
Students choose the courses that match their interests.
Students choose the courses they take and the activities they want to participate in.
Students choose the degree option which best suits their interests and objectives.
Students choose the equipment and procedure to determine gravitational acceleration.
Students choose the focus of the projects as it pertains to their interest and major.
Students choose the form with which they are most familiar.
Students choose the four nonprofit electives that are best suited to their career goals.
Students choose the general area of biology for which they feel they are best prepared.
Students choose the incorrect choices.
Students choose the kind of work experiences best fitting their needs.
Students choose the largest classes and e-mail faculty members about Varsity.
Students choose the most convenient test site and time.
Students choose the music and activity from a set of choices.
Students choose the nights and order of courses.
Students choose the novel they wish to read and form groups according to the title selected.
Students choose the offered activities in which they desire to participate.
Students choose the one they are most familiar with.
Students choose the pace, path, and depth of material accessed.
Students choose the paths they wish to explore.
Students choose the pieces for the gallery.
Students choose the products they wish to purchase for an angel.
Students choose the remaining courses from their area of specialization.
Students choose the remaining credits with the guidance and approval of faculty advisers.
Students choose the remaining one-half credit from department electives.
Students choose the required amount of spelling words and write a sentence using each one.
Students choose the required number of modules from the range offered by the field.
Students choose the right balance between hardware design and programming applications.
Students choose the sentence that best defines the word.
Students choose the session and either the morning or afternoon class.
Students choose the specialization after the first year of study.
Students choose the stocks.
Students choose the subdiscipline of biology for which they feel they are best prepared.
Students choose the subject for analysis from candidates suggested by mentors.
Students choose the subject matter.
Students choose the subjects they wish to study.
Students choose the technical electives to meet their interest and career objectives.
Students choose the three units they wish to take from several options which vary from year to year.
Students choose the topic of their thesis in consultation with their advisor.
Students choose the type of discipline hearing needed to resolve judicial issues.
Students choose the type of experience and the type of setting.
Students choose the university that best meets their needs.
Students choose the VIEW a file command.
Students choose the word that identifies the picture from a list of five words.
Students choose their advisors relative to their special and personal interests.
Students choose their affiliation based on the membership of their faculty mentor.
Students choose their animal and then do a drawing and a sculpture of it.
Students choose their answers and then have the answers checked by the server immediately.
Students choose their areas of study from a variety of course offerings.
Students choose their book in consultation with the teacher.
Students choose their college when applying to the school.
Students choose their content with great care and consideration.
Students choose their course work in close consultation with their faculty advisor.
Students choose their courses from classes offered in eleven different departments.
Students choose their curriculum in the major with the help of their adviser.
Students choose their elective courses to pursue similar objectives.
Students choose their faculty advisor.
Students choose their favourite spots.
Students choose their first station then rotate to the next one when it becomes available.
Students choose their fourth practicum assignment from the group of their choice.
Students choose their grades through a contract agreement process with the instructor.
Students choose their individual role.
Students choose their job shadowing rotations specific to their occupational interests.
Students choose their level based on their past Spanish class history.
Students choose their major advisor from either nursing or public health.
Students choose their major subject during their second semester of study.
Students choose their own advisors often based on shared areas of interest.
Students choose their own advisors on intellectual grounds, independent of money considerations.
Students choose their own advisors.
Students choose their own business.
Students choose their own classes from a menu of offerings.
Students choose their own classes in Western academies.
Students choose their own faculty advisor from the three fulltime faculty members in the program.
Students choose their own historical event to research and write a historical summary.
Students choose their own level of support.
Students choose their own long distance carriers.
Students choose their own practica placements through the remainder of graduate school.
Students choose their own programs with the help of their advisors.
Students choose their own reading material.
Students choose their own reading materials except for two teacher chosen texts.
Students choose their own subject in consultation with the the respective teacher.
Students choose their own teams, as long as the class numbers are evenly divided.
Students choose their own topic or picture and complete a poem, either serious or humorous.
Students choose their own topic, in consultation with tutors.
Students choose their own topics.
Students choose their own volunteer sites, based on their personal, academic or career interests.
Students choose their own way to document learning of integration of knowledge.
Students choose their proctor from a local library, school, or hospital.
Students choose their regional preferences for their internships, e.g.
Students choose their roommate and apartment, and BCSP complies with such choices when possible.
Students choose their school based on interests and needs.
Students choose their syllabus, choose their topics and how big a test and they re off.
Students choose their topics.
Students choose their words from their personal spelling list.
Students choose three courses among departmental offerings.
Students choose three courses that best meet their needs.
Students choose three elective courses, one from each content area.
Students choose three electives.
Students choose three events in academics, arts, and athletics in which to participate.
Students choose three events in which to participate.
Students choose three insects to research on the Internet.
Students choose three optional courses.
Students choose three or more optional courses, depending on their program.
Students choose three songs to develop.
Students choose three subjects from the relevant specialised area, plus one other law subject.
Students choose to apply early decision for a number of reasons.
Students choose to attend and teachers choose to teach at charter schools.
Students choose to attend graduate school with various career goals in mind.
Students choose to attend, and teachers choose to teach at charter schools.
Students choose to attend, and teachers choose to teach at charters.
Students choose to certify or earn certificates or certifications.
Students choose to color and cut out one of the health care givers.
Students choose to concentrate in either the applied psychology or general psychology track.
Students choose to continue on to graduate school for many reasons.
Students choose to do homework for fear of consequnces.
Students choose to do various projects of their own interest.
Students choose to do what is most rewarding.
Students choose to earn credit through experiential education for many reasons.
Students choose to enroll as either a day student or evening student.
Students choose to enter one of four vocational streams.
Students choose to focus on either children's picturebook or adolescent fiction.
Students choose to focus on the area of textile product or interior merchandising.
Students choose to get involved by working on a committee.
Students choose to go abroad for many reasons.
Students choose to go hiking, rafting, shopping, or on one of several other day-long trips.
Students choose to go on the program for different reasons.
Students choose to learn a wind, brass or string instrument, or to sing in a chorus.
Students choose to live on campus for a variety of reasons.
Students choose to major in American studies for different reasons.
Students choose to major in anthropology for different reasons.
Students choose to major in art for different reasons.
Students choose to major in art history for a number of reasons.
Students choose to major in biology for different reasons.
Students choose to major in chemistry for different reasons.
Students choose to major in classics for different reasons.
Students choose to major in economics for different reasons.
Students choose to major in economics for two strong reasons.
Students choose to major in English for different reasons.
Students choose to major in English for many different reasons.
Students choose to major in history for different reasons.
Students choose to major in math and computer science for different reasons.
Students choose to major in measurement or statistics with a minor in the other area.
Students choose to major in music for different reasons.
Students choose to major in philosophy for different reasons.
Students choose to major in physics for different reasons.
Students choose to major in political science for different reasons.
Students choose to major in psychology for different reasons.
Students choose to major in psychology for many different reasons.
Students choose to major in religious studies for different reasons.
Students choose to major in sociology for different reasons.
Students choose to major in theatre for different reasons.
Students choose to of the following per week and specify month.
Students choose to participate in internships for various reasons.
Students choose to participate in writing groups, public readings, and publishing opportunities.
Students choose to practice or take a quiz.
Students choose to pursue a teaching certificate for either the elementary or secondary level.
Students choose to pursue religious studies for a variety of reasons.
Students choose to read books from a wide variety of titles and topics.
Students choose to read poetry, sing or express their personal feelings.
Students choose to read with a focus on a genre, theme or author.
Students choose to register a course from a drop-down menu.
Students choose to respond to one of the questions in the required areas.
Students choose to serve and where to serve.
Students choose to specialise in one area or follow a combination of areas in Fine Art.
Students choose to specialize in either health promotion or environmental health.
Students choose to specialize in either violin repair or guitar building and repair.
Students choose to specialize in one of the three language options.
Students choose to study at universities in the West Bank for a variety of reasons.
Students choose to study music for a variety of reasons.
Students choose to study one of the four branches on application to the course.
Students choose to study psychology for many reasons.
Students choose to study religion for a variety of reasons.
Students choose to work and acquire skills with variety of age levels from infancy to geriatrics.
Students choose to work either individually or with their immediate neighbor.
Students choose topics for reading and lead discussions of their chosen topics.
Students choose topics for study and create a schedule.
Students choose topics for term papers.
Students choose topics of interest from a list submitted by participating faculty members.
Students choose topics.
Students choose topics.
Students choose transformations from .
Students choose treatments for control and baseline measures and run simulation.
Students choose two additional electives with approval of their graduate advisory committee.
Students choose two areas of concentration as examination areas.
Students choose two broad areas within which to work.
Students choose two classes that they attend for each of the five days.
Students choose two classes to experience during the summer session.
Students choose two consecutive groups depending upon availability of leaders.
Students choose two courses from a departmentally approved list.
Students choose two courses from a list dealing with general cultural connections.
Students choose two courses from a variety of offerings.
Students choose two courses from the following options.
Students choose two courses, and earn a total of six credit hours.
Students choose two courses, and enroll for a minimum of six, a maximum of eight, credits.
Students choose two different tree types to compare.
Students choose two electives from the following list.
Students choose two electives, each four weeks in length, in areas of vocational interest.
Students choose two fields in which to concentrate their studies.
Students choose two half-semester modules from several choices.
Students choose two modules from the six usually available.
Students choose two of the three courses.
Students choose two or three classes such as psychology, science, or physical education.
Students choose two or three courses, and earn a total of six credit hours.
Students choose two out of the three assignment topics in the core subject.
Students choose two readings from the text for each unit to write about in their personal journals.
Students choose two, three or four depending on their particular programme of study.
Students choose units to suit their needs.
Students choose voice as their principal instrument.
Students choose what body part they want to use.
Students choose what kind of internship best fits their career goals.
Students choose what medium to use in order to fully express themselves Artistically.
Students choose what they wish to sell, how best to produce it and how to market it.
Students choose when to take exams.
Students choose whether to work alone or in groups and present a plan to teacher.
Students choose which assignments to do to earn the points needed for the grade they want.
Students choose which classes they want to comment on.
Students choose which firms they wish to send their resumes.
Students choose which lectures to attend.
Students choose which major area of study to undertake.
Students choose which mode they want to focus on.
Students choose which packages are the most ecological.
Students choose which preposition correctly completes the sentence.
Students choose which pronoun correctly completes the sentence.
Students choose which questions to answer from the list, and fill one page with answers weekly.
Students choose which recipe to make.
Students choose which site to excavate and interpret the excavation results.
Students choose which trip they wish to participate in and are away for six days.
Students choose women's studies course in disciplines other than their own.
Students choose, according to their interests, a laboratory in which to work each semester.
Students choosen for the recruiting teams are under a one year contract.
Students choosing a major concentration conduct their dissertation research in social psychology.
Students choosing either route also choose from a wide range of accountancy, law and other options.
Students choosing the co-op option receive many added benefits.
Students choosing the co-op route gain many added benefits.
Students choosing the home stay option take meals with their host family.
Students choosing the homestay option stay with specially chosen Ecuadorian families.
Students choosing the thesis option typically require a minimum of seven semesters.
Students choosing to continue their education are well prepared for doctoral training.
Students choosing to major in accountancy find a challenging and rewarding course of studies.
Students choosing to work for pay, are hospital employees subject to all hospital regulations.
Students choreograph new works to be performed during the summer.
Students choreograph the dance in new ways then write down the directions and teach others.
Students choreograph their own routine.
Students choreograph their own works, creating dynamic, eclectic performances that win rave reviews.
Students circle all references to days or dates they see.
Students circle correct answers.
Students circle the energy wasted in the house.
Students circle the parking lots waiting for an empty spot like vultures hovering over roadkill.
Students circle the pictures which represent what they like to do.
Students circulate around the room trying to get signatures.
Students circulate original works of poetry.
Students circulate to each bench to examine the adaptations to various conditions.
Students cite each decision and the character making the decision.
Students cite evidence to support generalizations in all content areas.
Students cite famous cheaters as examples of what it takes to succeed.
Students cite feelings of isolation during the distance education experience.
Students cite improvements in course electives and top-notch faculty.
Students cite many reasons for wanting to study in Israel.
Students cite sociology, music and women's studies as being weak.
Students cite the relaxed atmosphere on and off campus.
Students cite theorems of previous students and pose conjectures for their successors.
Students claim ownership in our collection through book donations.
Students claim relief from back pain, headaches, stress, fibromyalgia and more.
Students claim the boys' behavior went beyond taunting.
Students claim their awards through a secure state web site.
Students claim they always get the shaft from the police.
Students claim they lack the necessary self-correction skills.
Students claiming to be sexually harassed by other students are overly sensitive.
Students clam up as soon as they think the question posed is a test of their intelligence.
Students clamor for more.
Students clarify and consolidate their knowledge of the material and write better exams as a result.
Students clarify and set individual academic goals.
Students clarify personal, social, educational values.
Students clarify their own values of biodiversity using the stimulus material selected.
Students -Class and what they have text of novel.
Students classify events, describe characters, and explain precisely what has occurred.
Students classify galaxies by color and shape.
Students classify Paleoindian artifacts based on their attributes.
Students classify shoes by various attributes such as color, style, material, etc.
Students classify their professors as boring or stimulating.
Students clean out the car.
Students clean the shores of South Padre Island.
Students clean their own rooms.
Students clean their tongues after each tasting.
Students clean up after the meal and carefully put lunch boxes in the cubbies.
Students clean up public parks.
Students clean up school grounds, make cloth litter bags for their homes, perform songs and skits.
Students clean up the mess if it misses.
Students clearly benefit enormously from their time here.
Students clearly benefit from such contact, especially in the later phase of their academic career.
Students clearly define a significant problem, issue, topic or concern.
Students clearly have very strong motives for contributing to improved educational standards.
Students clearly label their illustration with the correctly spelled word.
Students clearly seem to enjoy reading and discussing their peers' papers.
Students click a continent, then click on an animal to learn more about it.
Students click a state to learn which species are endangered in that state.
Students click and a definition or map location is displayed.
Students click and drag a variety of specimens into a simulated electron microscope.
Students Click any highlighted name to view that student's model.
Students click here .
Students click here for an online request form.
Students click here for class handouts.
Students click Here for more info.
Students click here for registration information.
Students click HERE to review chat sessions, and contact each other.
Students click here to Sign-in.
Students click here. .
Students click here.
Students click on a letter to hear it and then stamp the object on the picture.
Students click on a signal to enter a learning environment and begin a science challenge activity.
Students click on a timeline to locate Internet development events on a yearly basis.
Students click on a topic and it retrieves the information they want.
Students click on appropriate parts of the molecule to answer questions.
Students Click on here to see the work of our webbed hands.
Students click on one and read about it and view the photographs.
Students Click on the book for description, price, and ordering information.
Students click on the Community Box and enter their area code.
Students click on the link to a Japanese cultural event or pastime and learn about more about it.
Students click on the owl to report and reveiw sightins.
Students click on the picture of each person to hear information regarding that person.
Students click on their starting city.
Students click on Utah and find a park.
Students click on words to get the sentences into the right order.
Students click onto the answer they pick.
Students click the map to access headlines and more Web links.
Students Click the name to view the student's home page.
Students click to listen and then test themselves with immediate feedback.
Students click video images directly.
Students climb and climb.
Students climb as high as they feel safe and see how many cats they can touch.
Students climb the ladder in the barn to the hayloft where they participate in storytelling.
Students climb up from the outside to steal it.
Students cling to old model of learning by memorizing, etc.
Students clip their pair of genes to a cardboard strip, making a first generation.
Students clock in and out.
Students close the windows by single clicking on the X in the top right corner of the window.
Students close their eyes and put their open hands, palms up, out in front of themselves.
Students closely examine the elements and principles of film making and criticism.
Students closely observe the frog and crab and begin to log the animals' characteristics.
Students cluster around the heaters.
Students cluster courses to complete a specialization in family studies.
Students cluster courses to complete a specialization in human development.
Students coach each other on material to be mastered.
Students code utilizing medical and practice exercises.
Students collaborate as a team to solve a design problem, and compete with other student teams.
Students collaborate between subject areas comparing and matching paintings and poetry.
Students collaborate closely with a faculty mentor.
Students collaborate during class to provide and receive hands-on assistance with assignments.
Students collaborate during labs to provide and receive hands-on assistance with assignments.
Students collaborate freely to identify learning issues and share information and useful resources.
Students collaborate in assessing each other's work and generating ideas.
Students collaborate in generating ideas, developing their essays, and assessing each other's work.
Students collaborate in groups of two to three in all stages of the exercise.
Students collaborate in interdisciplinary teams.
Students collaborate in regular study groups that are integral to the program.
Students collaborate in small groups and are required to perform in as well as film their works.
Students collaborate in teams of two, three, or four participants and are judged by grade level.
Students collaborate in their groups to get through different obstacles.
Students collaborate in their learning in study groups.
Students collaborate in writing, editing, producing, and judging a journal of critical essays.
Students collaborate more with other students.
Students collaborate on a project, gaining skills needed to understand global problems.
Students collaborate on every aspect of the production process, culminating in a public performance.
Students collaborate on generating ideas and assessing each other's work.
Students collaborate on group projects involving planning, writing, presentation, and editing tasks.
Students collaborate on projects and joint research with faculty is common.
Students collaborate on research.
Students collaborate on the letters.
Students collaborate their results by creating a class data table or chart.
Students collaborate to choose words that best describe Baboon .
Students collaborate to develop a new biomedical instrument.
Students collaborate to produce a significant summary report which integrates their knowledge.
Students collaborate with a faculty member on an original research topic.
Students collaborate with a professor who is knowledgeable on the student's topic.
Students collaborate with adults and students around to world and conduct on-line interviews.
Students collaborate with community agencies and advocate for families.
Students collaborate with experts to produce a viable product that can be sent to that country.
Students collaborate with other members of a health-care team to provide the best possible care.
Students collaborate with other students on learning activities.
Students collaborate with other students when they cooperatively design a curriculum-based web page.
Students collaborate with other students.
Students collaborate with potential mentors.
Students collaborate with teachers and with scientists through an electronic network.
Students collaborate with the family and other health team members in community settings.
Students collaborate with the instructor to plan a suitable and particular direction for study.
Students collaborate with their team to write a software program, test and debug it.
Students collaboratively create graphs and charts to show information.
Students collaboratively develop projects focusing on situations arising in schools.
Students collaboratively research large-scale geological processes on Earth.
Students collect a range of packaging materials to test.
Students collect a trading card for each correct answer with twelve being the maximum score.
Students collect and analyze a variety of physical, biological, and chemical data.
Students collect and analyze data and develop a final presentation.
Students collect and analyze data by passing a hand squeeze around a circle.
Students collect and analyze data during the preparation of an energy efficiency plan.
Students collect and analyze data following the methodology prescribed in the dissertation proposal.
Students collect and analyze data, and write experimental reports.
Students collect and analyze data.
Students collect and analyze survey, focus group, and interview data.
Students collect and analyze their own data from field surveys and experiments.
Students collect and analyze weather data to forecast the weather.
Students collect and classify data about games and food they like.
Students collect and examine specimens.
Students collect and identify animals.
Students collect and interpret data results.
Students collect and label soil samples in plastic bags and save for future observation.
Students collect and mount algae.
Students collect and organize data.
Students collect and organize facts to form hypotheses.
Students collect and prepare an insect collection based on a specific research question.
Students collect and record information about their environment.
Students collect and share data about haze and other indicators of air quality.
Students collect and sort seeds, make percussion instruments using seeds, and dissect a bean seed.
Students collect and string flowers.
Students collect and trade coins.
Students collect artifacts as they read the story.
Students collect as many different overseas coins and or notes.
Students collect behavioral data on the monkeys in their natural setting.
Students collect bird data and are able to use an interactive database on bird research.
Students collect caps.
Students collect climatic data on selected cities within each biome.
Students collect clippings and Internet articles on new planets and related information.
Students collect data about location, type and number of bird species.
Students collect data and analyze and compare it with other datasets.
Students collect data and compile their results before presenting their findings.
Students collect data and enter it into a table.
Students collect data and graph and compare results.
Students collect data and look for regional trends in pet popularity.
Students collect data and report on roadkill sightings.
Students collect data and send the information to scientists who use the data in research.
Students collect data from a dripping faucet.
Students collect data on a point system.
Students collect data on personal uses of water and calculate family consumption of water.
Students collect data on six human characteristics and discuss causes of human variation.
Students collect data on the hair color and eye color of their classmates.
Students collect data on worksheets, make predictions, graph data points.
Students collect data, analyze that data and complete a final written report.
Students collect data, create line graphs, and calculate range, mean and median.
Students collect data, perform analysis utilizing a spreadsheet format and present results.
Students collect data, problem solve design flaws, and suggest possible glider plan revisions.
Students collect data.
Students collect donations from family and friends and turn the money in to the event coordinator.
Students collect effective literacy teaching methods and create usable lesson for teaching literacy.
Students collect enough snow to pack a two liter container.
Students collect field data on the reefs and retrieve sediments for chemical analyses.
Students collect field data on the reefs and retrieve sediments for chemical analysis.
Students collect from the field, identify, classify and mount specimens.
Students collect from the field, identify, classify and preserve specimens.
Students collect information about all the provinces by reading the brochures.
Students collect information about riparian vegetation and 'waterbugs'.
Students collect information about what role technology plays in modern society.
Students collect information from a variety of sources and debate the pros and cons of the issue.
Students collect information, pictures, speeches, and paraphernalia about their candidates.
Students collect information.
Students collect insects such as flies, grasshoppers, etc. to feed the spiders.
Students collect labels.
Students collect leaves and note the patterns of the veins.
Students collect litter from the forest floor to begin the program.
Students collect medicine, help children in hospitals, and take part in projects for the homeless.
Students collect most of the artifacts, digitize some of the work.
Students collect most of their data on elk found on the foothills of the Porcupine drainage.
Students collect natural and recycled material useful for making survival snowshoes.
Students collect observations in their local area to assemble an online database.
Students collect paper and cans from various locations in around the community.
Students collect paper from classrooms and offices for recycling.
Students collect pennies throughout the year.
Students collect photographs that express something about themselves.
Students collect pledges for each hour they carry out an activity.
Students collect pledges from family and friends based on how long they can jump rope.
Students collect primary source materials from their families or local communities.
Students collect rocks, observe and describe their properties, then set up a rock museum.
Students collect samples and test for nitrate levels.
Students collect samples of lesson plans, group activities etc.
Students collect samples.
Students collect signatures from each listener.
Students collect specimens from the rocky shore for further study.
Students collect specimens, preserve, and learn to identify organisms.
Students collect temperture vs. time data for each of the four spheres.
Students collect ten samples of writing throughout their ninth grade year.
Students collect the data for greater appreciation of the dynamics of waterways.
Students collect the data themselves, point by point.
Students collect the entries as a part of an exercise in linguistics field research.
Students collect their observations about the models and write a rule for each operation.
Students collect their own material, in a special envelope.
Students collect three rain samples, measure the pH and post to the site.
Students collect water samples with a seine.
Students collect work for their portfolios throughout the year, in preparation for the conference.
Students collect, analyse and report on data.
Students collect, analyze and interpret data, as well as test hypotheses and develop theories.
Students collect, analyze, and interpret data, as well as test hypotheses and develop theories.
Students collect, analyze, and share data on water quality.
Students collect, categorize, and measure the amount of trash they produce in a day at school.
Students collect, curate and identify common families of insects.
Students collect, display, and analyse data to make predictions about a population.
Students collect, examine, compare, sketch, discuss, and delight in the natural world.
Students collect, manipulate, graph, and analyze data using the computer.
Students collect, observe and draw sediment animals from a nearby freshwater or saltwater wetland.
Students collect, organize, and display data.
Students collect, organize, and interpret data on game outcomes and formulate a group final report.
Students collect, organize, describe and analyze data.
Students collect, record, and organize data in the form of a report.
Students collect, sort and deliver mail weekly.
Students collectively design and carry out one major survey.
Students color a map showing where the rainforests of the world are located.
Students color in either the float or sink column.
Students color the dinosaur and cut out all the pieces.
Students color the graph to represent the number of copies each of the ten books sold.
Students color the life stages of the frog, cut out each stage and fold to make a complete animal.
Students color the shapes according to the data collected.
Students colour the completed crest.
Students comb out hair styles using back combing and brushing techniques.
Students combine a minor in education with a major in another department to complete their programs.
Students combine a variety of acid-base indicators in order to establish their relative strengths.
Students combine academic work with speakers, field trips, and group-building activities.
Students combine and apply basic anatomical and mechanical analysis of human motion.
Students combine artistic abilities with graphic arts techniques to create exciting visuals.
Students combine baby shampoo with water and tempera paint.
Students combine both higher-order thinking and technological creativity.
Students combine both oral and written modules.
Students combine both research and hands-on practice as part of their course of study.
Students combine challenging course work with rigorous on-site scientfic research.
Students combine classroom learning with practical experiences.
Students combine community service with family stays and adventure travel.
Students combine community service with family stays and travel.
Students combine course work and directed research leading to a thesis, which is required.
Students combine course work with extensive practical experience.
Students combine coursework and directed research leading to a required thesis.
Students combine coursework in Spanish and cultural awareness with cross-cultural experiences.
Students combine data from all groups on the overhead.
Students combine education courses with a major in a liberal arts or science field.
Students combine foundational course work with selected internships and planned elective courses.
Students combine fun with learning.
Students combine gears of various sizes to build gear trains.
Students combine hands-on studio work with library research on modern sculpture.
Students combine in pairs to conduct four two-hour experiments.
Students combine independent research and production with class meetings.
Students combine input from the client with their own ideas.
Students combine intensive language study with academic work in Chinese area studies.
Students combine it with either another major or with two minors.
Students combine lab work with summer school courses or other educational experiences.
Students combine locomotor and manipulative skills in dynamic situations with body control.
Students combine management classes and on the job management training with their present employers.
Students combine math and geography to study mountain ranges, mass, and metric.
Students combine mathematics and art to construct a model of an island.
Students combine media production skills with communications theory.
Students combine simple machines to build a unique compound machine of their own design.
Students combine spelling with a game of chance.
Students combine study in an area of engineering with related areas of the mathematical sciences.
Students combine study in English as a second language with university credit courses.
Students combine study in the sciences and information technology.
Students combine tangram pieces to create a variety of shapes.
Students combine the letters of a word and a picture that illustrates the word's meaning.
Students combine the techniques of painting, drawing, and collage to express ideas visually.
Students combine their data and as a class make general conclusions and predictions about the site.
Students combine their medical training with the study of business and health services management.
Students combine theory with practical applications to various health care situations.
Students combining geography and computer programming are especially in great demand.
Students come across practical difficulties which are probably glossed over in the lecture course.
Students come alive when dealing with primary sources.
Students Come along to sample a subject and find out what it's really like to be a student.
Students come and get a master's, and they feel that is enough of a ticket.
Students come and go.
Students come and participate during the first two weeks of the four-week program.
Students come and plug in their laptops to do homework, browse the Internet, or just socialize.
Students come and students go.
Students come at all different times in relation to their exams.
Students come away feeling that they can be successful at math and science.
Students come away from the writers' workshop with glowing reports of their experience.
Students come away so excited.
Students come away with a better understanding of the potential and diversity of scientific careers.
Students come away with a good solid working knowledge of what blacksmithing is all about.
Students come away with a real sense of the scope of the field and where resources are.
Students come back and pick up their packet.
Students come back feeling empowered.
Students come back home more confident, ready to become part of a changing global community.
Students come back matured.
Students come back next week.
Students come back very enthusiastic.
Students come back with new perspectives on how to view life and how to make decisions.
Students come by the offices to read to employees.
Students come collectively from Connecticut, nationwide, Europe and Asia.
Students come directly from incarceration to the school.
Students come directly to the classroom as they arrive at school.
Students come directly to the instructor's office to take quizzes.
Students come dressed casually for the lessons, but dress up for the dances.
Students come expecting a test each day.
Students come explore and have fun learning new information.
Students come face to face and interact with each other.
Students come first .
Students come first at a university.
Students come first in our office.
Students come first outside of the classroom too.
Students come first.
Students Come First.
Students come for an eight week evaluation.
Students come for counseling for a variety of reasons.
Students come for counselling for a variety of reasons.
Students come for library lessons and checkout once a week.
Students come for the fun and to get tutoring help with their schoolwork.
Students come for varying periods from a day or weekend up to a whole term.
Students come from a broad array of backgrounds and circumstances.
Students come from a broad spectrum of economic backgrounds.
Students come from a diverse mix of undergraduate schools from throughout North America and abroad.
Students come from a diverse socio-economic background and perform well as a group.
Students come from a diversity of backgrounds which makes for a lively and interesting year.
Students come from a fast-food culture.
Students come from a range of academic and professional backgrounds, with varied objectives in mind.
Students come from a range of disciplinary and industry backgrounds.
Students come from a variety of academic and professional backgrounds.
Students come from a variety of backgrounds, but share a common interest in health.
Students come from a variety of backgrounds, experiences and cultures.
Students come from a variety of backgrounds.
Students come from a variety of church and school backgrounds.
Students come from a variety of countries around the world.
Students come from a variety of disciplines and bring the strengths of their discipline knowledge.
Students come from a variety of disciplines and bring their strengths of their discipline knowledge.
Students come from a variety of educational backgrounds and institutions.
Students come from a variety of locations within the United States and abroad.
Students come from a variety of majors.
Students come from a variety of places, including several states outside of New England.
Students come from a variety of racial, ethnic, economic and religious backgrounds.
Students come from a variety of religious and cultural backgrounds.
Students come from a varying range of socio-economic backgrounds.
Students come from a wide geographic area throughout the United States and several countries.
Students come from a wide range and variety of backgrounds.
Students come from a wide range of background and represent an equally wide range of cultures.
Students come from a wide range of backgrounds.
Students come from a wide range of interests and locations.
Students come from a wide range of previous experience, from a lot of experience to none at all.
Students come from a wide range of professional backgrounds.
Students come from a wide range of professions and locations.
Students come from a wide variety of backgrounds and majors.
Students come from a wide variety of backgrounds and organizations.
Students come from a wide variety of backgrounds, levels of education, occupation and age.
Students come from a wide variety of backgrounds.
Students come from a wide variety of homelands.
Students come from a wide variety of professional and academic backgrounds.
Students come from a wide variety of religious heritages and backgrounds.
Students come from across Canada and from other countries around the world.
Students come from across the country and around the world.
Students come from across the nation and from many foreign countries and U.S. territories.
Students come from across the nation and from many foreign countries.
Students come from across the United States and from other countries.
Students come from across the United States and internationally as well.
Students come from across the United States and several foreign countries.
Students come from across the United States and several other countries.
Students come from across the USA, the Far East and Europe.
Students come from all across Arkansas, as well as other states and countries.
Students come from all across North Dakota, as well as from nearby states and Canadian provinces.
Students come from all areas of Boston as well as surrounding communities.
Students come from all areas of the United States and other countries to attend the residencies.
Students come from all areas, including geography, specialties and career goals.
Students come from all Australian states and territories and from a number of different countries.
Students come from all backgrounds and most stay for one or two years.
Students come from all corners of the community, regardless of age and educational experience.
Students come from all countries, but mainly from the USA and Europe.
Students come from all different areas and all have something unique to share.
Students come from all different backgrounds.
Students come from all different types of socio-economic backgrounds.
Students come from all fifty states and more than ninety other countries.
Students come from all fifty states and seventy-five foreign countries.
Students come from all fifty states and several other countries.
Students come from all kinds of families, too.
Students come from all over China to learn martial arts here.
Students come from all over Europe to learn English.
Students come from all over Palm Beach County.
Students come from all over Sweden, as well as from many other countries, to pursue their studies.
Students come from all over Texas and even as far away as Oregon, and Malaysia.
Students come from all over the Boston area for academic enrichment and a lot of summer fun.
Students come from all over the Chicago area, several states, and from around the world.
Students come from all over the country and from other parts of the world.
Students come from all over the country to be in it.
Students come from all over the country, and many even commute to Pittsburgh each week.
Students come from all over the East Coast and beyond.
Students come from all over the U.S. and a number of foreign countries.
Students come from all over the U.S. and many other countries are represented.
Students come from all over the UK and abroad.
Students come from all over the UK and the world.
Students come from all over the United States and abroad to attend our graduate program.
Students come from all over the United States and many other countries.
Students come from all over the United States and the world to study here.
Students come from all over the United States and the world.
Students come from all over the United States, but most are from the East Coast.
Students come from all over the United States, Europe, and Latin America.
Students come from all over the world and from a variety of academic backgrounds.
Students come from all over the world and the majority go on to universities after graduation.
Students come from all over the world to attend our specialized training courses.
Students come from all over the world to enjoy the dedicated teaching in a friendly atmosphere.
Students come from all over the world to get the best education possible.
Students come from all over the world to learn.
Students come from all over the world to Wichita State to study engineering.
Students come from all over the world.
Students come from all parts of England and Wales as well as from overseas.
Students come from all parts of the country and all corners of the world.
Students come from all parts of the country.
Students come from all parts of the United States, as well as from countries around the world.
Students come from all parts of the world and from diverse academic and professional background.
Students come from all points of the globe.
Students come from all provinces and territories in Canada and from many foreign countries.
Students come from all regions of North Carolina as well as from several other states.
Students come from all regions of the United States and a number of other countries.
Students come from all regions of the United States and from more than fifty other countries.
Students come from all regions of the United States and many come from abroad.
Students come from all religious backgrounds.
Students come from all sorts of backgrounds.
Students come from all states and many countries.
Students come from all states and more than ninety countries.
Students come from all walks of life and from the four corners of the globe.
Students come from all walks of life and include people of all ages.
Students come from all walks of life to improve their job and English skills.
Students come from almost every major on campus.
Students come from an incredible variety of situations.
Students come from around the globe to study dance.
Students come from around the world, from New Zealand to Canada, Bulgaria to mainland China.
Students come from around the world.
Students come from as close as a couple of miles away, and from as far away as Kuwait.
Students come from as far afield as Australia, New Zealand, Japan and South America.
Students come from as far away as Scotland, Ireland and Norway.
Students come from as far away as Seattle to take classes.
Students come from as far away as Virginia Lake and the Carson City line.
Students come from Asia, Middle East, Europe and South America.
Students come from both highly developed and less developed countries, north and south.
Students come from both large and small organizations in the profit and nonprofit sectors.
Students come from both rural and suburban settings.
Students come from both the profit and non-profit sectors.
Students come from both the public and private sector, from the UK and other countries.
Students come from California, Texas, and Japan.
Students come from city and county schools that agree to participate.
Students come from different cultural backgrounds and have varied learning styles.
Students come from different cultural, ethnic, and regional backgrounds.
Students come from diverse areas of the metropolitan community.
Students come from diverse backgrounds and educational experiences.
Students come from diverse backgrounds and have a wide range of experience to share.
Students come from diverse backgrounds in terms of skills and interests.
Students come from diverse backgrounds in the U.S. and abroad.
Students come from diverse backgrounds with a wide variety of research interests and career goals.
Students come from diverse ethnic and economic backgrounds.
Students come from diverse geographic locations and academic backgrounds.
Students come from diverse industries and cultures, enriching group discussions and projects.
Students come from diverse religious and ethnic backgrounds.
Students come from elementary schools where general music instruction is given once a week.
Students come from Europe, Asia, and the Americas.
Students come from every county in Tennessee, every state in the nation, and many countries.
Students come from every imaginable background.
Students come from every state and many foreign countries.
Students come from every state and several countries.
Students come from every state in the nation and from more than two score nations.
Students come from everywhere in the state.
Students come from everywhere in the United States and from countries around the world.
Students come from families.
Students come from farm and non-farm backgrounds.
Students come from fifty states and forty-eight countries.
Students come from four separate colleges to complete a ten or twelve week internship.
Students come from France and from the rest of Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Americas.
Students come from homes where the first language is either English or Spanish.
Students come from households.
Students come from income households.
Students come from inside and outside the metropolitan Phoenix area.
Students come from many areas of the United States and from several countries.
Students come from many backgrounds.
Students come from many countries around the world.
Students come from many countries as well as from many states.
Students come from many countries so the language of classroom instruction is diverse English.
Students come from many countries to study Spanish and the Mexican culture.
Students come from many different backgrounds and represent varied geographic regions and cultures.
Students come from many different backgrounds, come from different parts of the city.
Students come from many different countries and backgrounds.
Students come from many different countries around the world.
Students come from many disciplines, including physical therapy, dance and fitness.
Students come from many parts of the United States and abroad.
Students come from many parts of the United States and from other countries.
Students come from many places and often feel isolated and insecure.
Students come from many states and several different countries.
Students come from most Christian denominations.
Students come from most counties in Georgia, other states, and abroad.
Students come from most states and many countries.
Students come from most states in the nation and from numerous foreign countries.
Students come from near and far, creating a unique and interesting student body.
Students come from nearly every parish in the diocese.
Students come from nearly every state and several other countries.
Students come from nearly every state in the union and more than thirty countries.
Students come from North America as well as many different countries.
Students come from North America, Latin America, Asia and Australia.
Students come from over half the states, several Canadian provinces.
Students come from public, private and home school backgrounds.
Students come from public, private, and parochial schools.
Students come from regions.
Students come from seven local school districts around the Roanoke Valley.
Students come from several different universities all around town.
Students come from several regions in the world and from different cultural backgrounds.
Students come from several states and foreign countries.
Students come from states throughout the country and several other countries.
Students come from Tampa and Port Charlotte to take advantage of the unique opportunities provided.
Students come from the ranks of government, business, and non-governmental organizations.
Students come from the surrounding parishes in the Greater Lafayette area.
Students come from the surrounding service area and other states and countries.
Students come from the United States and Canada, and many other nations of the world.
Students come from the United States to study and serve in Romania for four months at a time.
Students come from the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia, and other countries.
Students come from the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East and other parts of the world.
Students come from the whole city area.
Students come from the widest range of school backgrounds.
Students come from thirty-five states and twelve other countries.
Students come from throughout southeast Michigan and Canada.
Students come from throughout the country and as far away as Venezuela, Australia, and Hungary.
Students come from throughout the greater Portland metropolitan area and southwest Washington.
Students come from throughout the surrounding area.
Students come from throughout the U.S. as well as abroad.
Students come from throughout the United States and countries around the world.
Students come from throughout the United States and from a number of countries.
Students come from throughout the United States and from many foreign countries.
Students come from throughout the United States and many foreign countries.
Students come from throughout the United States and many other countries.
Students come from throughout the United States and occasionally from other countries.
Students come from throughout the United States as well as many foreign countries.
Students come from throughout the USA and from all over the world.
Students come from twenty-five states and ten countries.
Students come from urban and suburban neighborhoods across the economic spectrum.
Students come from varied economic, social, cultural and ethnic backgrounds.
Students come from various Asian countries as well as from Taiwan for such training.
Students come from various backgrounds and countries, with different motives and interests.
Students come from various ethnic and class backgrounds, and the ratio of the sexes is different.
Students come from various ethnic, national, and denominational backgrounds.
Students come from virtually every corner of the state.
Students come from virtually every industry and career.
Students come from virtually every state and from over sixty countries worldwide.
Students come from Wisconsin as well as outside the state.
Students come here between classes, meet friends, and eat lunch or dinner.
Students come here expecting that they are going to make a difference, and very often they do.
Students come here for a quiet place to read or study.
Students come here for a unique combination of challenge and support, and the community delivers.
Students come here for English, study skills, or math.
Students come here for outstanding academic instruction and personal attention.
Students come here from all over the world, primarily to study the sciences and the professions.
Students come here from different backgrounds, and with different strengths and interests.
Students come here out of high school, and two years later they start careers.
Students come here thinking that they have to drink to fit in.
Students come here to eat lunch, meet their friends, study and get some sun.
Students come here to learn, study, and have fun, and many successfully manage to do all three.
Students come here to speak to a counselor regarding the business curriculum.
Students come here to study out in the open, play games and just relax.
Students come here to swim laps or just jump in the water during free swim.
Students come here to talk about a lot of different issues.
Students come here with a certain expectation.
Students come here with a shirtsleeve workshop outlook, and traffic in ideas is eclectic and blunt.
Students come here.
Students come home feeling extremely lucky for everything they have.
Students come in a wide range of ages and experience.
Students come in all sizes, shapes, colors, and ability levels.
Students come in and complete bell work posted on board.
Students come in and get their folders from the cabinet and sit down.
Students come in and out of the lab on a constant basis.
Students come in and the next time they bring a lot of friends.
Students come in at the bottom.
Students come in droves to browse at the magazines and to sip coffee.
Students come in every day ready to learn.
Students come in every shape, size, and type.
Students come in for a variety of reasons, including emotional, social, and other personal concerns.
Students come in four days a week to prepare for the test and complete a practice test.
Students come in more for the coffeehouse.
Students come in now and get excited because there are no long lines.
Students come in once a week for two hours for each class.
Students come in once a week.
Students come in the building, and put their things away.
Students come in the libraries twice a week, for learning sessions that last an hour and a half.
Students come in to apply on their own or are sent in by a professor s recommendation.
Students come in to the computer class with their discs handy.
Students come in to the counseling service with a wide range of issues.
Students come in weekly to check for new happenings on campus and in the city.
Students come in with classical training, or sometimes very little training.
Students come in with misconceptions about science.
Students come into all classes with a certain amount of intellectual baggage.
Students come into offices.
Students come into schools with very different backgrounds and preparation.
Students come into science classes with an understanding of how things work.
Students come into the class and began strolling around the class conversing to each other.
Students come into the class and began walking around the class talking to each other.
Students come into the class with the belief taxes are wrong.
Students come into the classroom with a great deal of first-hand experience with light.
Students come into the classroom with both community and individual languages and cultures.
Students come into the library and go to a computer to find the book they desire.
Students come into the program with bachelor s degrees, Ph.D. degrees, and MD degrees.
Students come into the public library looking for legal information.
Students come into the reaudition in an unranked order.
Students come into the room and sit with their groups or partners.
Students come into the university to be educated and trained.
Students come mainly from low to middle income families.
Students come mostly from poor families.
Students come on campus for a three week session during the summer.
Students come out knowing a great deal.
Students come out of it able to break apart and analyze cases better than anyone else.
Students come over for other reasons, too.
Students come prepared for class presentation.
Students come prepared for the class discussion.
Students come prepared to ask questions, get information and share experiences.
Students come prepared with text read, homework attempted, and lecture notes reviewed.
Students come primarily from China, Japan, Taiwan and Korea.
Students come primarily from Greater Louisville and outlying Kentucky counties.
Students come primarily from work in government and non-profit organizations.
Students come there because of the academics.
Students come to a final solution.
Students come to a heightened sense of self.
Students come to a more complete understanding by comparing with others.
Students come to a session with their questions and course materials.
Students come to advisement at various stages of development.
Students come to advising unaware of new courses, new sections, and time changes.
Students come to appreciate classical literature because it is used in a meaningful way.
Students come to campus for one-week modules which are offered monthly throughout the year.
Students come to campus for orientation, conferences with the instructor and exams.
Students come to campus three to four times during the semester to take exams.
Students come to campus to interact with faculty, staff, current students, and alumni.
Students come to campus to take tests.
Students come to campus to use rock sample kits and maps on reserve in the library for their labs.
Students come to campus with a variety of needs and expectations for their college experience.
Students come to church services and get involved in social service projects.
Students come to class having thought about the reading, and ready talk about it.
Students come to class on time and line up in straight rows, one student behind the other.
Students come to class prepared.
Students come to college for various reasons.
Students come to college from various ethnic, financial, and academic backgrounds.
Students come to college to gain freedom, among other reasons.
Students come to college, in large measure, unshaped and uncertain.
Students come to conclusions.
Students come to consensus about which Olympic event each object represents.
Students come to consensus on their best design plan and submit via online web form.
Students come to counseling for many different reasons.
Students come to counseling with a range of concerns.
Students come to counselling for all kinds of reasons.
Students come to do the learning, but the teacher also learns from the students.
Students come to escape the doldrums of residence hall life.
Students come to expect connections in a reading with what they already know or have experienced.
Students come to first grade knowing their letters and reading a few words.
Students come to front and model steps to build worm composter in correct sequence.
Students come to front of class and arrange themselves in order.
Students come to fulfill community service requirements or just simply to help out.
Students come to Georgetown because it offers more than academic pursuits.
Students come to get wired and study.
Students come to Harding from many different nations.
Students come to higher education with more extensive experience with video than print.
Students come to learn about techniques and other issues concerning competition.
Students come to Michigan with extensive community service.
Students come to Minnesota with a tremendous diversity in backgrounds, talents, and interests.
Students come to nursing schools because they want to make a difference in the world.
Students come to Ottawa from over twenty-seven different states and from fifteen foreign countries.
Students come to our classes and readers come to our documents equipped with stories of their own.
Students come to our library weekly to share stories of all genres and to check out books.
Students come to our school for business skills.
Students come to own conclusions.
Students come to perceive theatre as a means of pleasure, communication and learning.
Students come to policy school because they want to make a difference.
Students come to realize that they can bat correctly.
Students come to realize that they can make a difference.
Students come to rely on the repetitive capabilities of the program.
Students come to school every day surrounded and consumed with circumstances.
Students come to school for our exceptional programs.
Students come to school high because they think it's cool.
Students come to school hungry and with limited literacy skills.
Students come to school poorly fed and from broken families with no books at home.
Students come to school speaking and listening.
Students come to school to learn.
Students come to school to make sure they are ready for the year.
Students come to school wanting to learn.
Students come to school with a variety of different talents and skills.
Students come to school with poorly developed social skills.
Students come to see education as having consequences to who they are and to what they become.
Students come to see how much there is to learn and share in developing educational strategies.
Students come to see how the pieces of sociology forms a cogent whole.
Students come to see the relevance and importance of academic work in their real life experience.
Students come to see the relevance and importance of academic work in their real-life experience.
Students come to see the relevance and importance of academic work in their real-live experience.
Students come to some agreement on the facts, definitions, and values perceived in the materials.
Students come to storytelling for many reasons.
Students come to study from all over the world with a variety of goals and dreams.
Students come to study homeopathy for a variety of reasons.
Students come to take classes at the center while their child receives free daycare services.
Students come to take enormous pride of ownership in their work.
Students come to the board and tape the notecards in the appropriate place.
Students come to the campus two to four times for the required introduction and testing.
Students come to the center for half of their school day from area high schools.
Students come to the center for help at various stages of the writing process.
Students come to the center for many reasons.
Students come to the center for personal and academic counseling.
Students come to the class with a widely disparate knowledge base.
Students come to the classroom with a wide range of experiences based on their access to computers.
Students come to the classroom with preconceptions about how the world works.
Students come to the community college with unbridled optimism.
Students come to the computer lab at least twice weekly.
Students come to the computer lab each week for instruction with the computer teacher.
Students come to the counseling center for a wide range of concerns.
Students come to the counseling center with a variety of concerns.
Students come to the Course with varying degrees of knowledge.
Students come to the disco to dance, drink or to play pool.
Students come to the fair with resumes and are prepared to interview.
Students come to the Family Medicine Clerkship with varied prior medical experiences.
Students come to the first grade already far behind.
Students come to the job with competitive skills in English and French.
Students come to the lab and work independently on keyboarding skills and word processing.
Students come to the lab either as a class or small group to work on classroom projects.
Students come to the lab for a variety of computer-related activities.
Students come to the lab to practice all their language skills.
Students come to the law school with a demonstrated proficiency in writing and speaking.
Students come to the library for a weekly scheduled circulation and instruction or story time.
Students come to the library for book selection and browsing periods with their reading teacher.
Students come to the media center three days.
Students come to the office every day and look through the binders.
Students come to the Oregon Extension to work at becoming serious thinkers and learners.
Students come to the peace circle with poems and writings to share with others.
Students come to the program from many diverse backgrounds.
Students come to the program with a strong background in dance.
Students come to the program with a variety of backgrounds and interests in poetry.
Students come to the program with a variety of goals.
Students come to the program with a wide variety of language skill levels and life circumstances.
Students come to the programs from all parts of the country and from Europe and Asia.
Students come to the school with diverse interests and varied career goals.
Students come to the seminar with many misgivings.
Students come to the site for advice and resources.
Students come to the study of acting with widely varying talents and backgrounds.
Students come to the study of mythology from a variety of disciplines.
Students come to the study of physics from many backgrounds and for many reasons.
Students come to theological schools from a variety of educational and employment backgrounds.
Students come to town, form a band, play out till they graduate, and then break up and leave.
Students come to understand idiomatic expression first with the verb avere, then with fare.
Students come to understand that human behavior is multiply determined.
Students come to understand that they are ultimately responsible for their own learning.
Students come to understand the arts as a way to communicate.
Students come to understand the meaning of a healthy lifestyle.
Students come to understand the possibilities and expectations for learning with technology.
Students come to understand the purposes or uses of the knowledge they are learning.
Students come to understand their counterpart's specific role in our local government.
Students come to use computers, work on homework, or simply chat about mathematics.
Students come to weekly classes, but one section each week is conducted over the Net.
Students come to work on projects with their class or individually.
Students come togethar in the Model and debate issues that face the Arab world.
Students come together from a variety of work and educational settings.
Students come together to learn from one another.
Students come together to participate in formal classes and informal sessions.
Students come together with their classmates and families on the eve of their graduation.
Students come unprepared to normal SI sessions.
Students come up one at a time and choose one slip from each pile.
Students come up with simple solutions to do at home and at school to help the survival of salmon.
Students come up with their own ideas for a project.
Students come weekly to hear stories and check out their favorite books.
Students come with a variety of skills, backgrounds, and learning styles.
Students come with a wide range of employment experiences in computer science.
Students come with different experiences, background, enthusiasm, and needs.
Students come with differing levels of natural ability.
Students come with more and varied experiences.
Students come with problems, seeking confidential discussion.
Students come with spending money and medical insurance.
Students come with the decision already made to be in full-time ministry.
Students come with the idea that high school in America is a piece of cake.
Students come with their own visas, insurance, and spending money.
Students come with their parents' expectations, attitudes toward school and English-language skills.
Students come with varying needs that school districts are obligated to meet.
Students comes by placement office with a personal resume.
Students coming for a high school academic experience generally spend one year in high school.
Students coming here get doctorally-prepared faculty members.
Students coming late constantly are rude and disruptive to others.
Students coming late to class are responsible for notifying the instructor of their attendance.
Students coming out of the architectural schools in many cases find that they have no place to go.
Students coming out of the building often collide with students going into the building.
Students coming straight from school can gain a one year deferment.
Students coming to school are to enter the building immediately.
Students command the computer to play back their problem-solving performances.
Students commence a community investigation and then implement a community action project.
Students comment on and contribute to each other's development via written and oral methods.
Students comment on competition keeping up with the neighbors' recovery efforts.
Students comment on the content of the summaries and raise questions.
Students comment on the wonderful feeling of the space.
Students comment that the organization of advising services can be improved.
Students comment that the readings are interesting and the lectures are always a surprise.
Students commit for a semester, but it is common for a group to stay together for the academic year.
Students commit for one or two quarters.
Students commit their time, energy, and effort.
Students commit to a maximum four-year obligation.
Students commit to a minimum of six weeks and in return, they can earn independent study credit.
Students commit to do at least two experiences at paying job sites prior to graduation.
Students commit to multiple semesters of work and study.
Students commit to two hours per week of service work at a local community agency.
Students commit to workshop dates in the second week of class.
Students commonly apply for assistantship in the department in which they are seeking their degree.
Students commonly borrow items such as wheelchairs, adaptive equipment, and tests and measures.
Students commonly complete internships as part of their studies.
Students commonly complete minors or even second majors in related fields.
Students commonly experience varying degrees of personal concerns and difficulty.
Students commonly go abroad during their junior year, preferably after two years of language study.
Students commonly go to a different university than the one attended at 'undergraduate' level.
Students commonly have ambivalent feelings about tests.
Students commonly make the mistake of trying to memorize speeches.
Students commonly mask their real concerns and questions because of fear or embarrassment.
Students commonly prepare a journal and reflection paper, followed by a discussion with the mentor.
Students commonly receive two polling cards, one at university and one at home.
Students commonly use vulgar, sexual, and threatening language.
Students communicate about science across disciplines.
Students communicate about the similarities and differences between the first and second drawings.
Students communicate among each other by e-mail as well.
Students communicate and apply scientific concepts.
Students communicate answers to case questions by preparing brief write-ups of their results.
Students communicate better with other students than with administration.
Students communicate between schools to share knowledge and debate issues.
Students communicate by e-mail.
Students communicate by writing the target language for a variety of purposes and diverse audiences.
Students communicate effectively in informal written communications, such as descriptive reports.
Students communicate effectively in the chosen format.
Students communicate effectively in various ways.
Students communicate electronically with each other and the instructor several times a week.
Students communicate ideas in an organized pattern in a variety of speaking situations.
Students communicate in the target language.
Students communicate in whatever means they choose.
Students communicate information by creating and presenting projects enhanced by technology.
Students communicate information in different formats and to diverse audiences.
Students communicate information through seminars, technical reports, and sharing ideas.
Students communicate information through seminars, technical reports, and sharing of ideas.
Students communicate intended meaning and formal analysis by engaging in formal critiques.
Students communicate interpretations of artworks supported with reasons.
Students communicate investigations and explanations.
Students communicate locally and globally through email.
Students communicate maintenance concerns through the hall staff.
Students communicate mathematical ideas in oral and written form.
Students communicate more effectively and share information with the scientific community.
Students communicate on a regular basis with other students studying the same topics.
Students communicate orally and in writing in another language.
Students communicate orally by class discussion and group work.
Students communicate orally by class discussion, group work, and group presentation.
Students communicate orally by class discussion, role-playing, and group work.
Students communicate primarily by email.
Students communicate primarily in oral form while developing skills in written expression.
Students communicate results in oral and written form.
Students communicate their findings by constructing tables and graphs.
Students communicate their findings to others.
Students communicate their ideas to others in a way that contributes to the whole.
Students communicate their results in a written document.
Students communicate their results in oral and written form.
Students communicate their results through discussion.
Students communicate their study results to a larger audience.
Students communicate their understanding of mathematics.
Students communicate through acquired words, sentences, and idiomatic expressions within a context.
Students communicate through the written word with each other and the instructor.
Students communicate through the written word.
Students communicate via e-mail and gather information from the Internet.
Students communicate via the Internet with scientists and with their partner school.
Students communicate what they have learned in written, oral, and visual forms.
Students communicate with adults frequently as they do their projects.
Students communicate with an authority or a peer to access information.
Students communicate with clarity, purpose, and understanding of audience.
Students communicate with each other and experts via the internet.
Students communicate with each other and faculty members through e-mail, fax, mail, and telephone.
Students communicate with each other and faculty using electronic chat rooms and e-mail.
Students communicate with each other and the instructor using e-mail.
Students communicate with each other and with faculty on electronic mail.
Students communicate with each other by speaking and writing using more complex language.
Students communicate with faculty via telephone, email, postal mail, and periodically in person.
Students communicate with faculty via telephone, in person, e-mail, or fax.
Students communicate with gestures and actions.
Students communicate with lecture and recitation instructors via email.
Students communicate with one another and with their professors via the Internet, phone and fax.
Students communicate with professors, participate in in-class work and access worldwide databases.
Students communicate with scientists in other states and countries.
Students communicate with teachers to set realistic and meaningful fitness goals.
Students communicate with the campus and faculty via electronic mail.
Students communicate with the instructor by e-mail and have full access to their own course records.
Students communicate with the instructor by telephone, mail, and discussion groups.
Students communicate with the instructor through telephone, mail, and optional discussion groups.
Students communicate with the instructor via telephone, fax, mail and the Internet.
Students communicate with the instructors via phone, fax, and email.
Students communicate with the school from their home via computer modem.
Students communicate with the teacher via e-mail.
Students communicate with their instructor via computer and the internet.
Students communicate with their instructor via phone, mail, and e-mail.
Students communicate with their instructors and submit their assigned work via e-mail.
Students communicate with their tutor and other learners.
Students communicate within a specific context using appropriate language.
Students communicate, in writing and orally, scientific information, procedures, and explanations.
Students communication through student government is good.
Students commute during the academic year to the program.
Students commute from all parts of the Indianapolis metropolitan area.
Students commute primarily from a seven-county area in Central Georgia.
Students commute there between classes, at lunchtime and after school.
Students commute to and from campus in university vans.
Students commute to class from around Bratislava.
Students commute to one or more of our four campuses.
Students commuting from their parents' home receive less aid because of their reduced costs.
Students commuting within the Philadelphia area are ineligible.
Students compare a plastic or rubber spider to a live spider.
Students compare a popular magazine article with a scholarly article on the same topic.
Students compare abundance of elements and isotopes on Earth.
Students compare American and French cultural perspectives as illustrated in print advertisements.
Students compare an English translation with a written Native American text.
Students compare and analyze graphs during small group activities.
Students compare and contrast both columns of coins.
Students compare and contrast characteristics of various theories of art.
Students compare and contrast differences in the expression of common themes.
Students compare and contrast different methodologies for requirement analysis.
Students compare and contrast entrepreneurs in the ancient and modern world.
Students compare and contrast generations of computers and project future technology trends.
Students compare and contrast methods of heat transfer.
Students compare and contrast oranges and themselves as described in the assessment.
Students compare and contrast other cultures with the American culture.
Students compare and contrast relative location of people, places and things.
Students compare and contrast several superstitions, symbols, and similes of different cultures.
Students compare and contrast the information and make charts to display the data.
Students compare and contrast the lives of Indian women and Indian men on the mission.
Students compare and contrast the management of commercial banks with other financial institutions.
Students compare and contrast the readings and then formulate their own opinions.
Students compare and contrast the types of mold that grow on each type of food.
Students compare and contrast the various parts of the world.
Students compare and contrast their career choice with what their survey results indicated.
Students compare and contrast their own culture with that of the Roman world.
Students compare and contrast various insect adaptations and habitats.
Students compare and contrast viruses with organisms.
Students compare and contrast works of music to other works of art.
Students compare and discuss choices in small groups.
Students compare and discuss the results of the transformations.
Students compare and discuss their results.
Students compare and match the brains to the animals.
Students compare and order fractions, decimals, and mixed numbers.
Students compare and order their numbers.
Students compare and share portfolio ideas.
Students compare animal and plant cells by looking at cells under a microscope.
Students compare answers with group members and reach a consensus.
Students compare attributes in positive and negative examples.
Students compare body parts, habitats, and behaviors of the animals.
Students compare bounce heights for ploymer balls.
Students compare capacities of other containers.
Students compare chemical parameters of freshwater ecosystems of Middle Georgia.
Students compare different accounts of the same event.
Students compare different pay scales, deciding which is a better deal.
Students compare different rocks and their textures after they have been weathered.
Students compare different sites for nitrate levels.
Students compare displacements when struck by a hammer or just push the things around.
Students compare each activity they see with what happens on Earth.
Students compare each of the group samples and each group shares methods of purification.
Students compare efficiencies of searching and sorting algorithms.
Students compare everyday life in different places and times.
Students compare generic or textbook software versus the process of writing programs.
Students compare granite with granite saprolite.
Students compare groups that have been treated with prejudice.
Students compare heat abosorption and loss of lead and aluminum.
Students compare herp and human bodies and design a herp exhibit.
Students compare how the stages of plants and animals are the same and different.
Students compare image and atlas.
Students compare information from different sources.
Students compare insect diversity in a riffle and in a pool in salt creek.
Students compare life of today versus life in the past.
Students compare likenesses and differences in two of the versions of the story.
Students compare literary texts with their visual counterparts.
Students compare maps and discuss the changes and the possible causes and effects of the changes.
Students compare market prices with their own estimates of earnings-based stock value.
Students compare multiple, overlapping art-related values and activities within one culture.
Students compare national and class distribution of blood types.
Students compare objects make simple measurements using non-standard units.
Students compare objects to determine if they are living or nonliving.
Students compare or contrast points of view for complex social, political or ethical issues.
Students compare personal experience narratives from various sources.
Students compare prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
Students compare properties of the sun, moon, and Earth, including temperature and composition.
Students compare properties of water to methanol in lab and literature.
Students compare reflection and refraction.
Students compare relative terrestrial abundances by inspection.
Students compare results.
Students compare sets of genes to see if populations differ from one another.
Students compare similarities and differences among the cutouts.
Students compare similarities of life cycles among the various classes of vertebrate animals.
Students compare telecasts of netball and football as one of the activities.
Students compare the anatomy of clam and squid, and then eat both.
Students compare the art of cultures and how they depict celebrations.
Students compare the biology of insects to the human system.
Students compare the candidates' platforms and create a chart to use to make decisions.
Students compare the chain to their own heights.
Students compare the child's silhouette to that of an adult's tacked up next to the child's.
Students compare the colonial system to modern education.
Students compare the condition of exposed materials to the condition of unexposed materials.
Students compare the cost and packaging of several brands of cookies.
Students compare the different amounts of red, yellow, and blue in the rectangle.
Students compare the different ways in which their fellow students ranked the statements.
Students compare the distance of three jumps.
Students compare the DNA fragments with the known restriction map of bacteriophage lambda.
Students compare the effects of water pollution on celery stalks.
Students compare the endurance and strength of the heart with their hand and arm muscles.
Students compare the exercise results with the resting pulse rates.
Students compare the features of three different types of credit cards.
Students compare the graphics and visual presentation of news and television programing over time.
Students compare the homemade cleansing cream to commercial products.
Students compare the items in their lockers.
Students compare the land area or other numerical data of countries or states.
Students compare the language studied with English and thus gain an awareness of how languages work.
Students compare the motion of the two pennies.
Students compare the nutritional information from three different boxes of cereal.
Students compare the patterns found in two different pictures.
Students compare the photographic images with the paintings that resulted.
Students compare the qualities and attributes of individuals who have made their dreams a reality.
Students compare the reaction rates of effervescent antacid tablets under different conditions.
Students compare the refected images of the two mirrors.
Students compare the roles of art makers in different cultures and times.
Students compare the sequence of objects seen from different points of view.
Students compare the true accounts of hoax endings with their predictive ones.
Students compare the two graphs.
Students compare their business ideas with other students' ideas.
Students compare their classification system to the traditional scientific system.
Students compare their estimate with their actual measurement.
Students compare their estimation with the actual measurement.
Students compare their experimental results with the actual percentages of land and water.
Students compare their ideas and discuss which ones are interesting or funny.
Students compare their investments with other students' investments.
Students compare their list of topics with their partner.
Students compare their lunches to examples of healthy lunches.
Students compare their notes for each image to the researcher's description.
Students compare their own community to the ones they have received information about.
Students compare their own similarities and differences.
Students compare their own writing to samples and learn how to meet the needs of specific audiences.
Students compare their predictions to actual finding.
Students compare their predictions with the graphs of the sine and cosine functions.
Students compare their project results with other schools via the Internet.
Students compare their region with another region.
Students compare their responses to suggested answers.
Students compare their results to a flowchart in order to identify the different types of plastic.
Students compare their whale with five other whales noting similarities and differences.
Students compare turbidity of stream and well samples.
Students compare two allowance plans.
Students compare two kinds of dinosaurs based upon the structure of the pelvis.
Students compare various ways to invest money and calculate the odds of each method of investing.
Students compare weight of dried and fresh food.
Students compare what is learned, the length of the day and the roles within the school community.
Students compare wool dyed with different plants from different locations.
Students compare written and recorded examples.
Students compare, contrast, and classify insects after reading for information.
Students compartmentalize their learning so that mathematics is one thing, science something else.
Students compete a two different levels.
Students compete against each other in a fun, recreational setting.
Students compete against one another in a variety of academic fields.
Students compete against one another on a regular basis after school.
Students compete against other schools at a band competition in the spring.
Students compete against other schools with vehicles they have designed, fabricated, and tested.
Students compete against other students in their age group.
Students compete against students from other schools.
Students compete against themselves and try to attain their personal best.
Students compete among themselves and with teams from other colleges and universities.
Students compete as five- member teams with a teacher.
Students compete as four-member teams in three written exams and one college bowl speed round.
Students compete as individuals against debaters from other teams.
Students compete as individuals and as three-member teams.
Students compete as individuals at their home institutions.
Students compete as individuals or members of a three person team representing their institution.
Students compete as teams and are awarded points for correct answers.
Students compete at a more difficult level of the national French exam.
Students compete at a number of musical competitive performances during the school year.
Students compete at district, state, and national level for awards and scholarship money.
Students compete at regional and national levels.
Students compete at the local, council, state and then national level.
Students compete by answering questions.
Students compete by class for a spirit award.
Students compete by earning points in various competition events.
Students compete by solving puzzles based on real languages they have never learned.
Students compete each Spring in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Students compete fiercely to get into such high school.
Students compete for acceptance and then sign on for two weeks' summer work.
Students compete for awards and prizes.
Students compete for both team and individual honors as members of five-man teams.
Students compete for career-related summer internships with participating corporations.
Students compete for cash and prizes as individuals and teams.
Students compete for cash prizes.
Students compete for co-op positions as in the normal hiring process.
Students compete for high score.
Students compete for individual and team prizes.
Students compete for jobs of their preference by submitting resumes and attending interviews.
Students compete for jobs.
Students compete for local awards as well as scholarships.
Students compete for prizes for the best ads that remind, persuade or inform students how to vote.
Students compete for recognition and an opportunity to advance to the state level.
Students compete for scholarships and cash prizes, but the experience itself provides rich rewards.
Students compete for scholarships and paid mentorships.
Students compete for scholarships based upon their qualifications in a number of areas.
Students compete for several thousand scholarships nationwide.
Students compete for state and national scholarships and other honors.
Students compete for team and individual awards.
Students compete for the best performance both regionally and statewide.
Students compete for the best score and take courses solely intended to increase their scores.
Students compete for the first time in a national French contest.
Students compete for the opportunity to participate by submitting an essay.
Students compete for the prize by submitting original, complete business plans for new ventures.
Students compete for trophies in each category.
Students compete in a flying contest with their new planes.
Students compete in a friendly way as both individual and group efforts count.
Students compete in a multitude of skill and work related events.
Students compete in a variety of oral interpretation, public speaking, and debate events.
Students compete in a wide range of competitions sponsored by various organizations.
Students compete in a written exam, college bowl, oral presentation and laboratory practicum.
Students compete in an annual contest in mathematical modeling.
Students compete in both the Hunt Seat and Western divisions.
Students compete in four different levels of competition, according to grade level.
Students compete in grades with heat times being recorded for each age group.
Students compete in groups during the expo activities, with winning groups being presented awards.
Students compete in high school and post secondary divisions.
Students compete in individual events.
Students compete in intercollegiate speech and debate tournaments.
Students compete in intramural softball, soccer, flag football, volleyball, and basketball.
Students compete in local art competitions held in their Members' districts during the springtime.
Students compete in local, state, and national contests.
Students compete in local, state, and national fine arts festivals and forensic tournaments.
Students compete in locally developed activities with the opportunity to win state-level prizes.
Students compete in marketing and management events at the local, state and national levels.
Students compete in only one category and one division.
Students compete in oral presentations, and written tests.
Students compete in original papers, exhibits, media projects and dramatic portrayals.
Students compete in original papers, exhibits, media projects or dramatic portrayals.
Students compete in problem solving.
Students compete in school geography bees, and the school winners advance to the county bee.
Students compete in school-wide author and book trivia contests.
Students compete in seven divisions, according to school enrollment.
Students compete in several weather categories.
Students compete in six markets by making marketing and production decisions.
Students compete in small teams to solve a real-world problem by constructing a mathematical model.
Students compete in state and national events in technology.
Students compete in teams of four, with one alternate and a coach.
Students compete in teams of four.
Students compete in teams of two.
Students compete in teams solving programming projects.
Students compete in the areas of engineering, computation, journalism and art.
Students compete in the intra-school competition and then the national.
Students compete in the region in which they reside and go to school.
Students compete in their classrooms to select the class representative.
Students compete in three to five off-campus tournaments each semester.
Students compete in three types of classes.
Students compete in three-person teams.
Students compete in track, wrestling, cheerleading, swimming, and forensics.
Students compete in two levels.
Students compete in Water Olympics to investigate two properties of water, adhesion and cohesion.
Students compete in writing competitions or are chosen because of exceptional grades.
Students compete individually and as a team.
Students compete individually in most events, and are ranked individually and in teams.
Students compete individually or as a team to win prizes.
Students compete locally at a variety of competitions, and also within the school.
Students compete on a local, state and regional basis.
Students compete several short video editing projects.
Students compete simultaneously at three Indiana sites.
Students compete to build and market products.
Students compete to create the best educational web site.
Students compete to design a machine that uses the most complex process to complete a simple task.
Students compete to design a tower that is most resistant to the forces of an earthquake.
Students compete to earn medals in academic and athletic events.
Students compete to spend the least amount of money to obtain specific market research information.
Students compete with and talk with students from other schools.
Students compete with each other as they produce pens by both mass and unit production.
Students compete with each other in a tournament.
Students compete with one another.
Students compete with other students at the appropriate level and within a specific category.
Students compete with other students from around the country.
Students compete with sonnets, costumes and assorted skills, including milking.
Students compete with their real estate business plans.
Students compete, as a team, in an individual event and several team events.
Students compete, primarily against each employer s hiring standard, for job offers.
Students compete, via grades, for placement in the secondary school of their choice.
Students compile a collection of roots cards.
Students compile a list of interview questions.
Students compile a picture folder for each of their topic areas.
Students compile a portfolio of papers, observations and lesson plans.
Students compile a professional resource file of information, references, and resources.
Students compile a survey of birds while doing the unit.
Students compile a writing portfolio throughout the year.
Students compile a writing portfolio.
Students compile all the information obtained into a class book.
Students compile an annotated list of careers related to the visual arts.
Students compile and organize theatre research, prompt books and class notes.
Students compile and organize theatre research, prompt books, and class notes.
Students compile career portfolios throughout the year.
Students compile color boards for their design portfolios.
Students compile data on a country through research.
Students compile individual personal dictionaries for use upon graduation.
Students compile information about their employability skills.
Students compile information from interviews to make a common graph.
Students compile information.
Students compile lists.
Students compile notes from search.
Students compile the above information in the form of a report and send it to the listserve.
Students compile the information, type a formal report, and make a class presentation.
Students complain about many of the issues listed above on a daily basis.
Students complain about safety of their off-campus apartment.
Students complain about the cost of the average parking ticket.
Students complain about the heat.
Students complain frequently about certain classmates whose submissions are unduly lengthy.
Students complain of inability to concentrate or organize their studies and activities.
Students complain that a comprehensive final is too much work.
Students complain that all they do is photocopy and fax.
Students complain that history and the social studies are boring.
Students complain that some recruiters stop to answer their cell phones.
Students complain that the bathrooms in the building are constantly messy and overcrowded.
Students complain that the fees are going up without any increase in services.
Students complain that they are assigned too much homework.
Students complain that they spend hours studying, but alwasy seem to be behind in their subjects.
Students complain when a recruiter misses just one word they have to say.
Students complement classroom theory with real-life experiences shared in the seminar.
Students complete a bachelor's degree before applying to a school of physical therapy.
Students complete a bioethical analysis worksheet as they research and view multimedia resources.
Students complete a biomechanical study for a one segment motion.
Students complete a book sign and a petal for each book read.
Students complete a business plan that includes a strategic, marketing, and financial component.
Students complete a business planning worksheet.
Students complete a capstone design project involving faculty and community mentors.
Students complete a case study of an organizational setting.
Students complete a case study of one child based on weekly observations in field placements.
Students complete a chart like the one below.
Students complete a common set of core courses.
Students complete a competitive process to participate in the program.
Students complete a composition describing where the cards in their living room are located.
Students complete a comprehensive application.
Students complete a comprehensive design project during their final year of undergraduate studies.
Students complete a comprehensive family assessment based on a theoretical framework.
Students complete a comprehensive set of working drawings and build an architectural model.
Students complete a concentration from among the five offered by the department.
Students complete a contract with the instructor.
Students complete a core curriculum and choose a concentration.
Students complete a core curriculum and then complete the following requirements.
Students complete a core of classes which includes statistics.
Students complete a core of courses, a specialization, and electives.
Students complete a critical review of the literature on their selected topic.
Students complete a culture activity .
Students complete a design project.
Students complete a designated number of oral services for clinical patients.
Students complete a few quizzes based on their reading of a history of documentary film.
Students complete a field teaching and observation experience in the elementary classroom.
Students complete a final course selection sheet during the scheduling interview.
Students complete a final draft of their Web page.
Students complete a final integrative project and present a public seminar.
Students complete a five day orientation and then are assigned or choose a module to rotate through.
Students complete a folio of art work and keep a journal in relation to the set projects.
Students complete a follow-up survey each fall, winter, and spring.
Students complete a form, using a code book to answer the questions.
Students complete a formal research paper.
Students complete a full program study in parallel with their current studio project.
Students complete a full-length seminar project.
Students complete a geography activity .
Students complete a graphic organizer as they work.
Students complete a individually designed project in collaboration with a faculty member.
Students complete a laboratory project demonstrating their mastery of the basic principles.
Students complete a large number of writing, reading, and oral language tasks during the year.
Students complete a large programming project.
Students complete a lesson every ten to twelve days.
Students complete a limited field experience in a psychology- related area.
Students complete a log entry at an independent center.
Students complete a log of leisure time.
Students complete a major coherent study in a field outside the law.
Students complete a major Internet-based multimedia project.
Students complete a major project and are evaluated by objective and essay exam questions.
Students complete a major project demonstrating their mastery of the material.
Students complete a major project relevant to their goals and the organization's needs.
Students complete a major research project on aging.
Students complete a manuscript by the end of the course.
Students complete a maximum of one unit per day in each class.
Students complete a minimum number of hours from the following areas.
Students complete a minimum of five courses from three topic groups.
Students complete a minimum of five essays and a variety of shorter assignments.
Students complete a minimum of three credit hours of practicum.
Students complete a minimum of three laboratory rotations during the first year.
Students complete a minor dissertation and typically spend some time on an internship.
Students complete a minor dissertation that is preferably relevant to their work setting.
Students complete a minor in advertising through their required graphic design support courses.
Students complete a minor in Spanish for many different reasons.
Students complete a minor, an internship and participate in co-curricular activities.
Students complete a mock DNA case.
Students complete a mock exam under simulated exam conditions.
Students complete a networking term project.
Students complete a new project from industry.
Students complete a nomination form.
Students complete a number of programming projects.
Students complete a number of required courses and choose from a variety of electives offered.
Students complete a number of short sketches and a final short story.
Students complete a one-act play or one act of a long work.
Students complete a one-act play script of their own creation.
Students complete a paper on selected topics in consultation.
Students complete a paper under the advisement of a faculty member in the department.
Students complete a period during which exposure to theory and practical application has occurred.
Students complete a personal health assessment and treatment plan.
Students complete a personal psychotherapy requirement during their course of study.
Students complete a Ph.D. candidacy examination in an area relevant to their Ph.D. research.
Students complete a planned program of supporting electives in their area of specialization.
Students complete a poetry or prose project of appropriate length in their final semester.
Students complete a polished forty-page feature film treatment.
Students complete a portfolio as a final project.
Students complete a portfolio of legal documents related to litigation.
Students complete a post-clerkship form discussing the peer evaluation process.
Students complete a practicum, day care supervision and administration.
Students complete a pre-practicum before beginning regular studies.
Students complete a pre-practicum field work experience in a local elementary school.
Students complete a presentation evaluation at the conclusion of the session.
Students complete a project as part of a multi-disciplinary team.
Students complete a project based on some aspect of the course.
Students complete a project commonly assigned to a beginning level generalist social worker.
Students complete a project in health intervention, education or research.
Students complete a project to develop a plan to establish a new business entity.
Students complete a project using current technologies and present findings.
Students complete a project which demonstrates mastery of state and department competencies.
Students complete a proposal and dissertation as part of their doctoral requirements.
Students complete a prototype of multimedia presentation or a demo.
Students complete a qualifying exam during the second summer in the program.
Students complete a quiz describing the significance of various symbols.
Students complete a real-world analysis in fulfillment of course requirements.
Students complete a reflective course review, in addition to the standard course evaluation forms.
Students complete a registration form and submit an on-line resume.
Students complete a research apprenticeship and an empirical thesis.
Students complete a research paper by the end of their second year.
Students complete a research paper on the discovery of penicillin and it's use in our society.
Students complete a research project as part of course requirements.
Students complete a research project comparing American and English schools.
Students complete a research project during each module.
Students complete a research project in an area of their choice before graduation.
Students complete a research project in which a contemporary issue in business is analyzed.
Students complete a research project that culminates in a final paper and conference presentation.
Students complete a research project under the supervision of a member of the history faculty.
Students complete a rotation for one quarter in three different laboratories.
Students complete a rough draft of their Web page.
Students complete a safety assessment with individuals with special needs.
Students complete a script for a short film.
Students complete a second writing course in their first year.
Students complete a selection of first and second-level system development subjects.
Students complete a self-administered, optically scanned questionnaire in the spring of each year.
Students complete a self-assessment.
Students complete a self-evaluation and are evaluated by the teacher.
Students complete a semester-long internship toward the end of the program of study.
Students complete a seminar report on a topic developed by the instructor and the student.
Students complete a series of clinical attachments.
Students complete a series of computer exercises.
Students complete a series of exercises that reinforce the concepts presented.
Students complete a series of graphs showing the pattern of Canadian immigration over time.
Students complete a series of homework problems.
Students complete a series of laboratory exercises.
Students complete a series of modules under the supervision of a faculty advisor.
Students complete a series of poems and develop a portfolio.
Students Complete a service request form.
Students complete a set of written qualifying examinations.
Students complete a seven semester sequence of improvisation and choreography courses.
Students complete a short soundtrack for one of their own videos or films.
Students complete a significant period of immersion in the target culture.
Students complete a significant research project.
Students complete a simulated audit.
Students complete a small project using reusable software components.
Students complete a special project on a topic of their choice, and present results to the class.
Students complete a standard first year of legal studies prior to the first work term.
Students complete a standard when they complete all of the work locally required for that standard.
Students complete a strategic career plan.
Students complete a study assignment for each field excursion.
Students complete a study guide on the concept of professional nursing and write a theory paper.
Students complete a study skill assignment each week to build strong study habits.
Students complete a submajor's requirements by successfully completing a two-course sequence.
Students complete a summary focusing on a particular aspect of the passage.
Students complete a summer research project or term paper.
Students complete a table given several starting numbers and a verbal rule.
Students complete a table to compare human and animal use of trees.
Students complete a take- home map exercise.
Students complete a technical report, manual, brochure, or other professional document.
Students complete a term project and readings approved by the instructor.
Students complete a term research project on a topic of their choice.
Students complete a thesis as a requirement of the program.
Students complete a thesis on their selected topic.
Students complete a thesis research project under the guidance of one of the faculty detailed below.
Students complete a thesis with an oral defense or else a research practicuum.
Students complete a trip log for each day of their journey traveling west.
Students complete a true-false work sheet about Hispanic history.
Students complete a tutorial on Web literacy and find the answers to an online scavenger hunt.
Students complete a tutorial on Web literacy and identify Web hoaxes.
Students complete a tutorial on Web literacy and use what they learn to evaluate a Web site.
Students complete a variety of assessments to determine academic strengths and weaknesses.
Students complete a variety of field-based assignments.
Students complete a variety of laboratory exercises.
Students complete a variety of other activities.
Students complete a vocabulary worksheet that includes new and difficult words.
Students complete a Web site prototype suitable for their portfolio.
Students complete a weekly time card and are paid once a month.
Students complete a wide range of courses with an emphasis on heavy equipment operation.
Students complete a work sheet about the characteristics of a hero.
Students complete a worksheet based on the information found online or in the text.
Students complete a worksheet identifying pictures of the food items.
Students complete a writing assignment upon returning home.
Students complete a written and oral presentation for the news show.
Students complete a written as well as an oral examination at the end of the programme.
Students complete a written comprehensive examination in addition to a dissertation.
Students complete a written evaluation of the presentations, writing, and the artwork.
Students complete a written project on a selected topic or question.
Students complete a written team project and class presentation.
Students complete a written thesis and pass an oral examination based on the thesis.
Students complete a year of language in five weeks.
Students complete activities and answer questions in their own notebooks or on a computer.
Students complete activities that demonstrate and build skills, as opposed to listening to lectures.
Students complete activities together.
Students complete activities.
Students complete Activity - All Five.
Students complete activity sheet.
Students complete admission applications under the counselor's guidance.
Students complete all compulsory credits required for high school graduation.
Students complete all core course requirements by the end of their second year of residence.
Students complete all elementary education certification requirements.
Students complete all four subjects in one strand for their specialised strand.
Students complete all of the course assignments and activities on-line.
Students complete all of the coursework in five days.
Students complete all of their work on line and are never required to attend class on campus.
Students complete all requirements for majors at both institutions.
Students complete all their course work online, using a private, dedicated web site.
Students complete all work through the presentation of the research proposal.
Students complete an account request form that includes basic usage guidelines information.
Students complete an activity sheet at each station.
Students complete an actual project during the course.
Students complete an analysis of an organization or agency from a systems perspective.
Students complete an analysis sheet similar to the music analysis sheet.
Students complete an analytical journal based on their internship experience.
Students complete an application form outlining their proposed research.
Students complete an appropriate research project.
Students complete an edited video as their final project.
Students complete an editioned three-color screenprint.
Students complete an educational project addressing multiculturalism and human services.
Students complete an eight problem mini test which emphasizes higher level problem solving skills.
Students complete an engineering design project, generally working in teams of four.
Students complete an engineering design project.
Students complete an entrepreneurship project by developing and marketing their own product.
Students complete an essay on their own commitment and present it to the class.
Students complete an excercise in diplomatic communiqu s and read the diplomatic messaging handout .
Students complete an extensive internship of clinical rotation in various medical facilities.
Students complete an externship course for skill development at a professional, licensed host salon.
Students complete an historical survey of the theater and drama.
Students complete an in-class writing activity to demonstrate their knowledge about Greece.
Students complete an independent faculty-directed research project culminating in a master's thesis.
Students complete an independent research project.
Students complete an independent science project which focuses on laboratory research or field work.
Students complete an in-depth final project before graduating.
Students complete an in-depth study of the imperfect, simple future and conditional tenses.
Students complete an individual or team-based project.
Students complete an individual special project.
Students complete an induction block and three teaching placements in local partner schools.
Students complete an interest inventory to determine their likes and dislikes.
Students complete an interest survey application.
Students complete an internship for academic credit during their junior or senior year.
Students complete an internship in one or more settings in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex.
Students complete an internship program with local industry.
Students complete an internship to gain work experience and strengthen their marketability.
Students complete an internship, project report, or thesis.
Students complete an observation chart of their group's performance.
Students complete an original field work project in a public setting.
Students complete an original research manuscript for presentation and discussion.
Students complete an original research project and submit a written thesis.
Students complete an original research project during their final year.
Students complete an outline of the characteristic features of plate tectonics.
Students complete analyses.
Students complete analysis, summary and discussion, and present their projects.
Students complete and finish the modules individually at their own pace.
Students complete and return the assessments.
Students complete and submit final learning assessment.
Students complete another data sheet during the race to keep track of musher progress.
Students complete applications to both institutions.
Students complete approximately two hours of homework per night.
Students complete assigned readings each week.
Students complete assignments and communicate with porfessors via e-mail and fax.
Students complete assignments and take quizzes and tests as scheduled.
Students complete assignments as a co-operative grouping.
Students complete assignments at their own pace.
Students complete assignments by reading the articles and taking the accompanying tests.
Students complete assignments for core academic classes as part of their keyboarding class.
Students complete assignments from the CD-ROM and they are graded accordingly.
Students complete assignments in a cooperative group setting.
Students complete assignments in between each teaching block.
Students complete assignments in each subject which are then assessed.
Students complete assignments on group dynamics, strategic planning and brainstorming.
Students complete assignments or special projects given by the instructor.
Students complete assignments through independent study.
Students complete assignments using a co-operative learning grouping.
Students complete assignments using textbooks, reference materials, computers, and the Internet.
Students complete assignments, collaborate on projects, submit papers, etc.
Students complete assignments, take exams, and confer with faculty utilizing online technologies.
Students complete assignments.
Students complete at least one major group project related to needs assessment and evaluation.
Students complete at least the intermediate level of a foreign language.
Students complete at least three course credits in the area of faith and reflection .
Students complete at least three sequences.
Students complete at least two assigned video as individual or team projects.
Students complete at least two assigned videos as individual or team projects.
Students complete attitudinal survey and discuss.
Students complete autobiographical visual inventory.
Students complete behavior.
Students complete books.
Students complete both a course of study and a series of progression requirements.
Students complete both a major and a minor concentration.
Students complete both degrees in a total of five years.
Students complete both degrees in a total of four years.
Students complete both degrees in three years by attending school year-round.
Students complete both individual and group projects.
Students complete both required marketing courses and marketing electives .
Students complete both team and individual design projects in workshops and in the studio.
Students complete both written and oral assignments in all graduate education courses.
Students complete brainstorming activities.
Students complete case studies and an information systems strategic plan for their term project.
Students complete checklists so they can regularly share concerns with their teacher.
Students complete class assignments posted on special Web sites.
Students complete class exercises and present cases in oral and written form.
Students complete classes in both theoretical and practical aspects of clinical psychology.
Students complete college entrance requirements and a technical program.
Students complete common tasks and complete a portfolio.
Students complete competencies leading to early preparation for student teaching.
Students complete computer spreadsheet assignments.
Students complete core course work in each discipline.
Students complete course assignments from home or work with a personal computer.
Students complete course assignments in both settings.
Students complete course assignments within the context of a school.
Students complete course objectives in modules.
Students complete course work and a written preliminary examination in one area of specialization.
Students complete course work independently and are responsible for any course fees and books.
Students complete courses in each of the modules and a final integrative project.
Students complete courses in general education, professional education, and physical education.
Students complete courses in systems, communications, and application of concepts.
Students complete courses relevant to their professional discipline.
Students complete crossing guard page for community books.
Students complete data analytic exercises using real data.
Students complete data collection on pond and surroundings.
Students complete data model and consult with laboratory assistant.
Students complete designs.
Students complete detailed journals and descriptions of their contribution to company projects.
Students complete diagrams.
Students complete documentaries, short films, commercials, and music videos.
Students complete each core course unless they have been specifically exempted from it.
Students complete either a formal thesis or a project as part of their requirements.
Students complete either a master's thesis or a graduate project for six credits.
Students complete evaluations at the end of each class throughout the year.
Students complete evaluations for all preclinical courses.
Students complete exercises demonstrating rules of mechanics and grammar and write short documents.
Students complete exercises in interview techniques and in pre and post interview procedures.
Students complete exercises to demonstrate skills in problem solving and decision making.
Students complete experiments.
Students complete externships and clerkships as part of their required courses.
Students complete fifteen credit hours in approved courses.
Students complete first two columns of the map.
Students complete five assignments during the course.
Students complete five assignments using the stack.
Students complete five courses worth three credit hours each during each of the four semesters.
Students complete five practicum experiences in preparation for student teaching.
Students complete five undergraduate courses covering the specific topics listed below.
Students complete five work sessions.
Students complete formal application for teacher education in class.
Students complete formal writing assignments, but they also do frequent informal writing.
Students complete foundational courses in management, marketing, accounting, finance, and economics.
Students complete four coops, cooperative education work placements, before graduation.
Students complete four courses each semester.
Students complete four courses in their area of specialization.
Students complete four full-time clinical internships.
Students complete four internships while in the program.
Students complete four of six work term placements in cultural organizations across Canada.
Students complete four quizzes during the term and a final quiz.
Students complete four special honors seminars in approximately their first four semesters.
Students complete four taught course units.
Students complete four units of learning and a dissertation.
Students complete garden designs.
Students complete general degree requirements in addition to a major course of study.
Students complete general evaluations and meet with advisors.
Students complete group projects and evaluate other projects individually.
Students complete hands-on activities and experiments with a river theme.
Students complete hands-on projects in residential, commercial and industrial electrical wiring.
Students complete hands-on projects using equipment and software in the microcomputer lab.
Students complete high school by taking their first two years of college.
Students complete homework assignments, projects, quizzes, term papers, mid-term and final exams.
Students complete impressive cakes of their own in just a few short weeks.
Students complete independent assignments with on going evaluations of their negatives and prints.
Students complete individual and community patient education projects.
Students complete individual and group assignments working with a client recruited from industry.
Students complete individual and group projects and develop and present their portfolios.
Students complete individual and group projects requiring computer laboratory use.
Students complete individual creative projects.
Students complete individual lessons as they work with certain keys.
Students complete individual or group projects.
Students complete individual projects for graduation.
Students complete individual research projects related to customer or employee opinion surveys.
Students complete information card and diagnostic essay assignment made.
Students complete information cards at college fair programs and high school visits.
Students complete injury evaluation courses and the first three of nine clinical courses.
Students complete integrative portfolio papers for each class or learning experience completed.
Students complete intensive internships throughout the year.
Students complete intensive skill building exercises to increase their keyboard speed and accuracy.
Students complete internships to explore careers, develop skills and learn by doing.
Students complete investigations then report their findings in colorful displays.
Students complete job analyses and labor market surveys.
Students complete lab experiments.
Students complete laboratory exercises as written scientific reports.
Students complete laboratory exercises on simulated psychological experiments.
Students complete laboratory experiments and a computer-usage problem.
Students complete labs at home using specially designed kits and materials found in the home.
Students complete learning activities to meet course objectives.
Students complete long term and short term projects that pertain to the unit of study.
Students complete major works, and regular critiques are held.
Students complete mind maps to display beside their artwork.
Students complete minor requirements.
Students complete minors either for self-enrichment or to complement other majors.
Students complete modules that have a more applied focus and some of which are topic based.
Students complete month-long internships with companies around the world.
Students complete most of their academic requirements during their first three semesters of study.
Students complete multimedia projects about science and society.
Students complete nine credits of Religious instruction.
Students complete nine required courses and one elective.
Students complete numerous programming projects using a modern programming language.
Students complete observations.
Students complete one full year of a course in one term.
Students complete one ministry practicum each year.
Students complete one or two projects in the class.
Students complete one semester of directed teaching at the high school level.
Students complete one thesis supervised by a committee of faculty from both schools.
Students complete one track, including course work, seminars, and research experiences.
Students complete one written project each term.
Students complete online quiz about using the Computer Catalog.
Students complete open ended self reflection questions.
Students complete original research using resources found in the media lab and public library.
Students complete our resume form via our web page.
Students complete own commitment and present to class.
Students complete peer and self evaluation and are provided feedback.
Students complete pharmacist page for community books.
Students Complete Portfolios - Students work online or offline.
Students complete portfolios.
Students complete portions of the review sheet in groups and then re-group to share their answers.
Students complete practical exercises in design and application for both areas.
Students complete practical exercises that simulate real work experience.
Students complete practice problems during the school year.
Students complete preliminary examinations within two years of matriculation.
Students complete prerequisite courses as prenursing students.
Students complete pre-test and read background material.
Students complete professional portfolio projects on a color printer.
Students complete programming assignments to simulate various topics.
Students complete programming projects and algorithm analyses.
Students complete projects in a software package.
Students complete projects in the microcomputer lab using popular business software.
Students complete projects integrating their major field of study with topics in health and illness.
Students complete projects integrating their major field of study.
Students complete projects on both micro- and mainframe computers.
Students complete qualifying and comprehensive exams as steps toward dissertation research.
Students complete questions after each demonstration.
Students complete questions using museum exhibits and other resources.
Students complete reading reports to establish the degree of linguistic competence.
Students complete readings concerning current technology trends.
Students complete registration forms.
Students complete regular assignments using the Web and submit homework via e-mail.
Students complete related service-learning assignments.
Students complete repair projects on late model domestic and imported cars and trucks.
Students complete reports.
Students complete requirements for both degrees.
Students complete requirements for chemistry laboratory courses.
Students complete requirements.
Students complete research and write research papers throughout their academic careers.
Students complete research and writing of the doctoral dissertation.
Students complete research at several work stations and collect physical data from the model.
Students complete research papers of publishable quality.
Students complete research projects requiring computer-related skills.
Students complete research proposal using nutritional assessment, epidemiology and research skills.
Students complete rigorous core requirements prior to being admitted to upper-division study.
Students complete rotations in pediatric dentistry and oral surgery.
Students complete samplers and projects.
Students complete sanitation worker page for community books.
Students complete self-esteem inventory.
Students complete seminar courses which feature reading, discussion, debate and field trips.
Students complete senior honors thesis, an original essay of forty pages.
Students complete senior research projects and participate with faculty in research.
Students complete senior theses during the semester.
Students complete senior year of high school by Internet at home .
Students complete sentences about respect.
Students complete sessions at their own pace and convenience, learning anytime, anyplace.
Students complete seven common tasks that primarily focus on the writing process.
Students complete seven common tasks which primarily focus on the writing process.
Students complete seven required courses and five electives.
Students complete seventh grade requirements at the end of the sixth grade.
Students complete several assignments and a group project.
Students complete several designs, including a substantial project of their own choosing.
Students complete several moderate-size programs.
Students complete several short research papers and a term project.
Students complete several short written assignments on presentation skills during the semester.
Students complete several sketches in any liquid medium from each field trip and keep a journal.
Students complete several tapes.
Students complete several written evaluations of their peers' teaching.
Students complete simple tasks.
Students complete six clinical placements, each of six months duration.
Students complete six common tasks that include writing and speaking assignments.
Students complete six courses in Physics and three in Mathematics.
Students complete six exercises that teach strategies and reinforce word meanings.
Students complete six modules each year.
Students complete six pre proposals and lead discussions on topics in fish ecology.
Students complete six projects in the workbook.
Students complete six undergraduate courses covering the specific topics listed below.
Students complete small hands-on projects.
Students complete small-group projects in almost every lecture which are evaluated.
Students complete some missing portions of the chart.
Students complete some parts of their course individually and some parts in groups.
Students complete some written assignments after the class sessions end.
Students complete stories and develop a portfolio.
Students complete student teaching experiences in approved teacher education centers.
Students complete student worksheet listing cities and information required.
Students complete substantial work in supporting disciplines in other colleges of the university.
Students complete such practical assignments as letters, resumes, memoranda, and short reports.
Students complete tables like the one below to investigate asymptotic behavior.
Students complete tasks.
Students complete taught modules, clinical and field placements, and a research project.
Students complete tests.
Students complete the accompanying worksheets from the text.
Students complete the accounting cycle, learn methods of cash control, and prepare payroll records.
Students complete the activity sheet, presenting the candidates' views side by side.
Students complete the activity worksheet on the freedoms and rights of U.S. citizens.
Students complete the algebra questions and use the answers to decipher a riddle.
Students complete the application at school.
Students complete the application on the workstation or download to complete at home.
Students complete the areas in the menu of the site to complete the objectives above.
Students complete the assignment in class.
Students complete the assignment under the supervision of a faculty coordinator.
Students complete the assignment.
Students complete the assignments at their own pace, with few, if any, deadlines.
Students complete the assignments, filtering out unreliable sources in their final reports.
Students complete the audition process during the fall or early spring semester prior to fall entry.
Students complete the bed and breakfast, ensuring that all necessary services are provided.
Students complete the breadth requirement during their third year of study.
Students complete the challenge exams the semester preceeding enrollment in the nursing major.
Students complete the chart and share at least one discovered inherited behavior with the class.
Students complete the chart.
Students complete the conflict resolution training and demonstrate skills as a member of a team.
Students complete the conversation group work independently of the classroom sessions.
Students complete the core clerkships during the third year at their designated site.
Students complete the core courses and at least one area of specialization.
Students complete the core requirements and the area of emphasis of their choice.
Students complete the course in one month.
Students complete the course materials at their own pace and in our own time.
Students complete the course requirements for each department.
Students complete the course with a portfolio of finished drawings.
Students complete the courses at our facilities.
Students complete the courses at their own paces from their homes or offices.
Students complete the courses online.
Students complete the courses over two summers and a spring semester.
Students complete the credit requirements by taking courses in their area of specialization.
Students complete the daily log documenting the growth and change of the crystals.
Students complete the data collection, statistical analysis, and final write-up.
Students complete the enclosed survey, and the results are plotted on the board or overhead.
Students complete the entire multiple-choice test and then submit their answers for evaluation.
Students complete the equivalent of a full year of introductory language study.
Students complete the evaluation during class.
Students complete the evaluation.
Students complete the exercises either as individuals or teams.
Students complete the experiments and post their data on the Web.
Students complete the fieldwork component including the analysis and interpretation of results.
Students complete the final copy of the letter.
Students complete the first drawing over the first weekend of the semester.
Students complete the first half of the elementary Italian textbook.
Students complete the first year of the degree before choosing to specialise.
Students complete the following sequence of undergradute courses.
Students complete the following steps before an application deadline.
Students complete the form, copy it, and send it to any of the colleges.
Students complete the general requirements as listed under B.S.Ed.
Students complete the grid for that group ie.
Students complete the handout and reflect on their findings through a short writing.
Students complete the labs during the scheduled times.
Students complete the loan application and take it to a lender.
Students complete the macroeconomic and microeconomic sequences in the spring semester.
Students complete the major courses as well as the professional education courses.
Students complete the majority of their work through a computer and server.
Students complete the modules at their own pace to gain task competency.
Students complete the one-year electronics technician common core program.
Students complete the papers within two weeks of the last day of final exams.
Students complete the premedical curriculum and a major in an academic discipline of their choice.
Students complete the program as a cohort, a model that works well with adult students.
Students complete the program as members of a two-year cohort group.
Students complete the program as multi-skilled entry level employees in the health care area.
Students complete the program by doing Honors work in their major fields of study.
Students complete the program in just under three years.
Students complete the program in no more than four academic years from the point of matriculation.
Students complete the program in one full year's time.
Students complete the program in the course sequence outlined.
Students complete the program in two years by attending classes full time.
Students complete the program ready for work in applied linguistic settings or Ph.D. study.
Students complete the program the first summer session of the following year.
Students complete the program through intensive week-end sessions and directed study.
Students complete the program while remaining in their current professional positions.
Students complete the program with minimum job entry level skills.
Students complete the public humanities core and a cross-disciplinary focus.
Students complete the qualifying examination during the third year of graduate training.
Students complete the questionnaire and discover their four-letter type.
Students complete the questionnaires while the faculty member is absent from the room.
Students complete the questions on the worksheet.
Students complete the required clinical hours at facilities in their own geographic regions.
Students complete the required coursework in four to five quarters of full time enrollment.
Students complete the required summer courses in two or three summer sessions.
Students complete the same exam on day one as on the last day to see how they have improved.
Students complete the same type of major assessable task.
Students complete the sheet using the internet.
Students complete the student answer sheets provided.
Students complete the student answer sheets.
Students complete the student page and the graph is done with a projection device.
Students complete the study of basic grammatical structures.
Students complete the test.
Students complete the thesis project technical report.
Students complete the track with a current topic course.
Students complete the traditional four years of high schoolmathematics in two years.
Students complete the unit with a contribution to the What's Hot Web site.
Students complete the work and upload their answers.
Students complete the worksheet and then trade with a partner to answer each other's questions.
Students complete the worksheet that includes information on severe weather.
Students complete the worksheet with a partner.
Students complete the yearlong course with a portfolio of their own creative work.
Students complete their academic requirements.
Students complete their analytic projects by the end of the second year in residence.
Students complete their applications to medical schools.
Students complete their assigned work using printed material and software provided by the school.
Students complete their assignments directly on the computer and get immediate test results.
Students complete their banking transactions once a week.
Students complete their books.
Students complete their class exercises completely and on time.
Students complete their clinical training.
Students complete their courses at the rate shown below.
Students complete their courses of study with a three-year period.
Students complete their coursework at home or office, using advanced Web-based technologies.
Students complete their degree work by writing a thesis or taking comprehensive examinations.
Students complete their degrees in their home communities with limited residency in Arizona.
Students complete their drawing accurately.
Students complete their drawings.
Students complete their education in a flexible and individualized manner in their home community.
Students complete their entire education with the same small core of classmates and teachers.
Students complete their field experiences during the academic year in between the two summers.
Students complete their first year of supervised clinical practicum at the campus facility.
Students complete their formal coursework with a qualifying exam during the second year.
Students complete their group research project.
Students complete their group research.
Students complete their homework assignments completely and on time.
Students complete their individual research projects, including both written and oral presentations.
Students complete their internships in a variety of social service programs and agencies.
Students complete their laboratory exercises completely and on time.
Students complete their lecture assignments completely and on time.
Students complete their lower division work at community colleges or other institutions.
Students complete their master's study with either an independent project or thesis.
Students complete their models.
Students complete their own portfolios of finishes, applicable toward any interior scheme.
Students complete their practicum and internship hours at the following training sites.
Students complete their projects and compete against classmates for top honors.
Students complete their registration on-line by completing their profile and resume.
Students complete their revisions and submit the finished papers to the instructor.
Students complete their rough drafts, adding illustrations if desired.
Students complete their stacks, revising and editing as they go along.
Students complete their studies at home on the computer.
Students complete their studies by using the same technologies.
Students complete their studies without interrupting their present employment.
Students complete their study of the fundamentals of Greek grammar.
Students complete their timesheets to indicate the hours worked.
Students complete their training in about two years.
Students complete their undergraduate education with a field-based student teaching experience.
Students complete their written material for at least three artifacts by the end of the hour.
Students complete thirty units in anthropology and twelve each in psychology and sociology.
Students complete thirty units in psychology and twelve each in anthropology and sociology.
Students complete thirty units in sociology and twelve each in anthropology and psychology.
Students complete three courses in the second language.
Students complete three independent study projects before graduation.
Students complete three minors.
Students complete three semesters of field instruction.
Students complete three semesters of microeconomic theory and two semesters of macroeconomic theory.
Students complete three separate journal assignments and respond to about a dozen films.
Students complete three terms of placement, each in a different setting.
Students complete training to serve as attorney, bailiff, clerk, juror, jury trainer, or judge.
Students complete two activities using the text.
Students complete two brief and one lengthy written assignments.
Students complete two brief exercises and three longer projects.
Students complete two consecutive eight-week courses per semester.
Students complete two courses that focus on physical activity, fitness, and well-being.
Students complete two elective clerkships to gain experience in specific practice areas of interest.
Students complete two exams during the term and a final exam.
Students complete two internships.
Students complete two lab rotations in the spring.
Students complete two or three classes every semester.
Students complete two practicums, one each year.
Students complete two sharings.
Students complete two substantial essays.
Students complete two to three summers of work in the mining industry, prior to graduation.
Students complete two written mental status examinations.
Students complete units on a wide variety of reference materials, both print and electronic.
Students complete various field and water tests using multi- variables.
Students complete various projects outside of class.
Students complete various worksheets at the end of each lesson.
Students complete weekly assignments from the book.
Students complete weekly assignments to be submitted via the course web page.
Students complete weekly progress reports of internship experience. .
Students complete weekly reports and a project related to the specific career interest.
Students complete wilderness or adventure leadership experiences prior to a required internship.
Students complete workbook at home.
Students complete working drawings for a moderate to large-sized building.
Students complete worksheet on the nutritional value of fruit.
Students complete worksheet questions to explore implications of our imported food products.
Students complete writing assignments to prepare for class discussions.
Students complete writing assignments up to and including the level of the critical analysis paper.
Students complete writing prompts and draw a picture.
Students complete written assignments, including Internet activities and exercises.
Students complete written laboratory assignment.
Students complete written laboratory exercise .
Students complete written laboratory report .
Students complete written laboratory reports.
Students complete written or practical projects.
Students complete written self-assessments of their learning experiences on a weekly basis.
Students completes a group of courses that are common to the field.
Students completes one or more aspects of a research project.
Students completing a four-year curriculum receive the BA degree.
Students completing a weed science option can qualify easily for a double major in plant protection.
Students completing all requirements specified are eligible to apply for certification.
Students completing both type programs earn a bachelors degree.
Students completing core studies can take specialized courses in medical and legal interpretation.
Students completing each session receive a certificate of completion.
Students completing internships often develop clearer career and academic goals.
Students completing marketing and business courses are always eager to acquire hands-on experience.
Students completing minors complete core courses, plus a focus area of their choosing.
Students completing more than one art degree do a separate degree project for each degree earned.
Students completing more than one degree do a separate project for each degree earned.
Students completing one semester receive occupational or elective high school credits.
Students completing one year with advanced skills are also eligible to apply.
Students completing only one of the twelve problems usually have a great feeling of accomplishment.
Students completing only the minimum three competencies can make no higher than a C in the class.
Students completing school work have first priority to all equipment.
Students completing the course can take an exam to be certified for employment.
Students completing the courses earn credit which applies to a certificate of completion.
Students completing the curriculum requirements earn the credit prior to entering high school.
Students completing the eighth grade receive a trophy to recognize their service.
Students completing the highest level courses are then ready to enroll in college level courses.
Students completing the honors college curriculum receive honors degrees for each degree completed.
Students completing the horticulture option are also prepared for graduate studies.
Students completing the internship earn two course credits.
Students completing the minor have both practical and professional opportunities.
Students completing the minor requirements have the minor designated on their transcripts.
Students completing the program are eligible to apply for national and state certification.
Students completing the program are eligible to take a national certifying examination.
Students completing the program are eligible to write the national certification examinations.
Students completing the program earn a Bachelor of Science in Technology degree.
Students completing the program find employment in business, industry, government, and education.
Students completing the program follow a number of different careers.
Students completing the program obtain the advantages and strengths of two complementary educations.
Students completing the program possess strong communication and research skills.
Students completing the program receive a Bachelor of Science in Natural Resources and Environment.
Students completing the program receive a certificate but no academic degree.
Students completing the program receive a stipend.
Students completing the program receive a well-rounded business education.
Students completing the seminar receive a certificate that is good for five years.
Students completing the undergraduate programs receive a Bachelor of Science degree.
Students completing their junior or senior year of high school are eligible.
Students completing third or fourth year are often eligible for a variety of programs.
Students completing transfer programs can transfer to state universities without loss of credit.
Students completing two or more majors receive one degree.
Students completing two practica in one semester only participate for that semester.
Students compose a brief letter or story about Idaho.
Students compose a note describing the rivalry between the two European powers.
Students compose a tanka - a Japanese form of poetry.
Students compose a written analysis detailing the process of creating the chart.
Students compose a written project-report on the information collected.
Students compose and arrange music within specified guidelines .
Students compose and perform dance studies of their own creation.
Students compose and perform dialogues based on the material read.
Students compose and perform original music.
Students compose and perform their own dialogues based on the material read.
Students compose and produce a variety of personal, educational, and professional documents.
Students compose business letters, reports, and employment writing.
Students compose electronic visual presentations.
Students compose essays illustrating how proofs are used in math as well as in other professions.
Students compose introductory email messages and send to partner schools.
Students compose job descriptions for entry-level jobs within the art field.
Students compose office letters, develop business reports and prepare a research project.
Students compose poetry and a psalm.
Students compose rough drafts, revise content, and edit later drafts all on the devices.
Students compose scary stories or poems with remote coauthors or work together to solve a problem.
Students compose simple sentences on topics such as housing, shopping, and health.
Students compose stories based on topics of their own choosing.
Students compose the remainder of their programme to suit their interests.
Students compose the work, follow it through production and perform it at the end of the term.
Students compose the work, follow it through production, and perform it at the end of the term.
Students compose their own mappings and rough drafts.
Students compose their own sentences as instructor checks work.
Students comprehend and retain material better when they write about it.
Students comprehend how colors relate to many things including how a person feels.
Students comprehend how the arts intertwine.
Students comprehend more, enjoy books more, and read more.
Students comprehend multiple-choice questions better once they have an idea of the possible answers.
Students comprehend that churches are places filled with crazy fanatics and cult-like practices.
Students comprehend the novel much better if they understand the humor.
Students comprehend the principle message contained in media such as posters and advertisements.
Students comprehend the role and positioning of public relations within an organisation.
Students comprehend the target language from a variety of listening sources.
Students comprehend the target language from a variety of reading materials.
Students comprise a broad range of ages and backgrounds.
Students comprise a primary element of the work force.
Students comprise all facets of production - reporting, layout, photography and printing.
Students comprise one-third of the country's population.
Students comprise the majority of voting members.
Students comprise the officials' team and are the backbone of the program.
Students compromise, editing text.
Students compromising building security in any fashion are subject to disciplinary action.
Students compute and analyze statistical measurement for data sets.
Students compute average.
Students compute lengths of various curves along a torus with the help of a computer.
Students compute simple interest and examine simple interest as a linear process.
Students compute the determinant and note that the roots are complex.
Students compute the diferences between years using the dates of historical events.
Students compute the variance and standard deviation of a distribution of data.
Students compute the volume and surface area of prisms, pyramids, cylinders, cones, spheres.
Students compute the volumes and surface areas of prisms, pyramids, cylinders, cones, and spheres.
Students compute water-flow problems for industrial and municipal fire service applications.
Students computerize the full accounting cycle.
Students conceive a major project and execute it over the semester.
Students conceive and conduct an original research project.
Students conceive and produce individual final video projects using portable equipment.
Students conceive and shoot photo illustrations and food and fashion pictures.
Students conceive, plan, and produce several short silent films.
Students concentrate better when they are listening without distractions.
Students concentrate by taking three courses in a discipline or area of special interest.
Students concentrate coursework and research in an area of departmental specialization.
Students concentrate either on international affairs or on international business.
Students concentrate electives in art history.
Students concentrate in either fiction or poetry.
Students concentrate in either German literature or Germanic linguistics.
Students concentrate in one area and take supportive courses in the other.
Students concentrate in one of eight language offerings.
Students concentrate in one of four areas, with complementary work in two others.
Students concentrate in one of four fields as noted below.
Students concentrate in theology, ethics, or religion and literature.
Students concentrate in two content fields and take additional course work in other disciplines.
Students concentrate on accuracy of shots and serves.
Students concentrate on an area or problem of general interest.
Students concentrate on an area or problem of individual interest.
Students concentrate on Biblical concepts and truths rather than stories.
Students concentrate on both poetry and prose for reading and written assignments.
Students concentrate on both theory and research in clinical psychology.
Students concentrate on breathing in slowly for five counts and out slowly for for five counts.
Students concentrate on chosen client population for development of advanced nursing practice role.
Students concentrate on communication in speaking and writing in levels one and two.
Students concentrate on credentials rather than learning.
Students concentrate on departmental requirements during the junior year.
Students concentrate on designs and methods best suited to production work or a limited edition.
Students concentrate on developing programming logic in order to solve basic business problems.
Students concentrate on fewer subjects at a given time.
Students concentrate on fewer subjects in an extended class period.
Students concentrate on finding their own voices.
Students concentrate on increasing thier revision and editing skills in writing.
Students concentrate on learning both basic vocabulary and grammar.
Students concentrate on line drawing and more or less accurate representation.
Students concentrate on mastering written communication and self-expression.
Students concentrate on object making and installation using multiple materials as well as .
Students concentrate on one center a day and all students rotate centers throughout the week.
Students concentrate on one subject at a time.
Students concentrate on public performance skills and productions.
Students concentrate on reading for meaning through a variety of literature and content materials.
Students concentrate on sociological theory, research methods, and statistics.
Students concentrate on the content of their oral history report.
Students concentrate on the inner workings of the computer and learn both hardware and software.
Students concentrate on the preschool and young school-age child in preschool and school classrooms.
Students concentrate on the scriptwriter's role in pre-production planning.
Students concentrate on the use of information by business managers and decision makers.
Students concentrate on theory and research methods as well as areas of specialization.
Students concentrate on using the guitar as an accompaniment instrument.
Students concentrate their coursework in mass media, human communication or theatre.
Students concentrate their studies in Management or Marketing, depending on their interest.
Students concentrate their studies in one of the dental disciplines.
Students concentrating in Classics choose from two options.
Students concentrating in design are subject to sophomore and junior reviews.
Students concentrating in East Asian religions substitute Japanese for either French or German.
Students concentrating in painting have access to small private studio spaces.
Students conceptualize a choreographic issue and explore it through creation of short dance studies.
Students conceptualize and build quantitative charts, maps and process graphics.
Students conceptualize and create works in clay using handbuilding techniques.
Students conceptualize and execute integrated communication programs.
Students conceptualize that ecosystems tend to maintain a dynamic equilibrium.
Students conceptualize the issue and explore a number of specific examples from religious history.
Students conceptualize, write, edit, design and publish two magazines using desktop technology.
Students concern themselves with living things and how they survive . . .
Students conclude content classes.
Students conclude that it is an objects' size that determines the amount of water displaced.
Students conclude the activity by comparing their data table with that of their partner.
Students conclude the lesson by comparing methods of genetic engineering.
Students conclude the module by giving an oral presentation involving their investigation.
Students conclude the program with a leadership seminar and thesis studies.
Students conclude the program with an eight-month cooperative education placement.
Students conclude the program with an exit project such as a senior thesis or an internship.
Students conclude the program with either an internship or a thesis.
Students conclude the third year with a major research dissertation in a subject of their choice.
Students conclude their experience with an integrative seminar.
Students conclude their program in their senior year by student-teaching.
Students conclude their study with a one month academic excursion.
Students concurrently dissect the abdomen and pelvis.
Students conduct a campus-wide recycling project.
Students conduct a community health assessment of a small rural community in small groups.
Students conduct a comprehensive survey of exceptionalities and disabilities among learners.
Students conduct a field study to locate plants in their area, and then research the plants online.
Students conduct a full ethnography as part of the course requirements.
Students conduct a growth analysis of a local church for practical application of course content.
Students conduct a health appraisal and collect, record and analyze data.
Students conduct a health appraisal and collect, record, and analyze data.
Students conduct a literature search on their topic.
Students conduct a major econometric research project for the class.
Students conduct a major research project and submit the project at competitions.
Students conduct a needs assessment and critique evaluation designs.
Students conduct a personal fitness program.
Students conduct a physical and mental health appraisal and collect, record and analyze data.
Students conduct a project alone or with a partner which culminates in an oral presentation.
Students conduct a public forum on a issue of current interest for the university community.
Students conduct a research project and report on their findings in a more formal paper.
Students conduct a research project as part of the thesis requirement.
Students conduct a research project related to one of the topics in the course.
Students conduct a research project resulting in a thesis.
Students conduct a research project under the guidance of a faculty member in the sciences.
Students conduct a research project under the supervision of a faculty advisor.
Students conduct a research study related to their teaching.
Students conduct a self-discovery of information.
Students conduct a semester - long organizational analysis in diverse teams.
Students conduct a series of animal conditioning experiments and report on the findings.
Students conduct a simple investigation.
Students conduct a single-subject research project.
Students conduct a small ethnographic project on consumer pattern, product, or culture.
Students conduct a strategic planning project for an organization.
Students conduct a survey to determine how frequently their classmates wear bicycle helmets.
Students conduct a survey, analyze data, and make recommendations based on data.
Students conduct actual audits of organizations or perform an involved case study.
Students conduct actual counseling sessions and engage in role-plays.
Students conduct actual research project.
Students conduct advanced study in a selected area of photography.
Students conduct all their course work online, and set their own pace to complete it.
Students conduct an actual campaign on campus.
Students conduct an antilitter campaign on the school grounds.
Students conduct an effective interview as an interviewer and answer questions as an interviewee.
Students conduct an empirical study from design through data collection, analysis, and reporting.
Students conduct an empirical study testing a current hypothesis.
Students conduct an evaluation of a teacher preparation course.
Students conduct an evaluation of their work with at least one client in their field placement.
Students conduct an experiment.
Students conduct an independent research project and present their findings in a seminar.
Students conduct an independent research project.
Students conduct an in-depth investigation of a topic of their choice.
Students conduct an inquiry on the number of people in their households.
Students conduct an intense study of the origins of the Civil War, and the impact of the war.
Students conduct an interview-based study.
Students conduct an investigation to determine the solubility of vitamins in water and in oil.
Students conduct an investigation.
Students conduct an online search of concrete companies.
Students conduct an organizational ethnography.
Students conduct an organizational research project.
Students conduct analyses and periodically present their results to the workshop.
Students conduct and critique laboratory experiments in cognitive social psychology.
Students conduct and evaluate research.
Students conduct and independent field mapping project in Iowa.
Students conduct and observe supervised research on a particular religious site or community.
Students conduct and participate in illustrative experiments.
Students conduct and play appropriate instruments.
Students conduct and present an individual experiment or project.
Students conduct and present their own research in the area.
Students conduct and report experiments.
Students conduct and report on experiments designed to illustrate basic plant processes.
Students conduct and summarize literature research on scientific and educational principles.
Students conduct and transcribe an oral history interview.
Students conduct assessment and counseling sessions with children, adolescents and adults.
Students conduct assessments and screenings.
Students conduct audits, research plant species and study landscaping measures.
Students conduct author research.
Students conduct background research and user testing to help formulate their work.
Students conduct basic conditioning exercises through computer simulations.
Students conduct class research studies.
Students conduct clinical work under supervision.
Students conduct collaborative action research in teams.
Students conduct consultations under the supervision of the attending and present a topic of choice.
Students conduct continued, advanced study in a selected area.
Students conduct daily temp.
Students conduct demonstrations and experiments to determine ways in which water is used by plants.
Students conduct design and evaluation project work, including fieldwork.
Students conduct discovery and file pre-trial motions and responses.
Students conduct empirical research and write reports.
Students conduct empirical research projects.
Students conduct ensembles derived from class personnel.
Students conduct environmental assessment, emphasizing social impact analysis.
Students conduct environmental assessments, emphasizing social impact analysis.
Students conduct experiments and share data with students in other locations via the Internet.
Students conduct experiments and write reports based on the data that they acquire.
Students conduct experiments dealing with topics studied.
Students conduct experiments illustrating basic principles of plant growth and development.
Students conduct experiments illustrating the physics discussed in the classroom.
Students conduct experiments on cereal to see which ones contain the most sugar.
Students conduct experiments to discover the best passive solar water heater design.
Students conduct experiments under the supervision of cancer research scientists.
Students conduct experiments, analyze data, and share results with peers worldwide.
Students conduct experiments, make models, and take field trips.
Students conduct experiments.
Students conduct extensive client interviews, prepare court documents, and make court appearances.
Students conduct field exercises and prepare related reports.
Students conduct field research in school placements.
Students conduct field studies in a wildlife restoration area.
Students conduct field studies of individuals using computing.
Students conduct field work and study with local environmental organizations.
Students conduct field work to observe alternative health care providers.
Students conduct field-based study to analyze and compare organizational arrangements.
Students conduct fieldwork and collect data as part of the class requirements.
Students conduct fieldwork to implement a qualitative nursing research proposal.
Students conduct genetic engineering research.
Students conduct group fieldwork and develop their writing skills.
Students conduct group research projects and present a report.
Students conduct hands-on field work in a variety of coastal and marine habitats.
Students conduct health service projects and social activities each term.
Students conduct independent investigations as activities during the expedition.
Students conduct independent investigations.
Students conduct independent research projects in faculty laboratories.
Students conduct independent research projects.
Students conduct independent research studies under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students conduct independent research under the mentorship of faculty.
Students conduct independent research under the supervision of an adviser.
Students conduct in-dept studies of assigned problem areas.
Students conduct in-depth analysis of recurrent patterns and universal themes.
Students conduct in-depth research on one delegate.
Students conduct individual case study analyses on selected topics.
Students conduct individual ethogram project.
Students conduct individual laboratory dissections on selected vertebrates.
Students conduct individual projects during last month of term.
Students conduct individual research in animal behavior.
Students conduct individual research on related topics.
Students conduct individual time budget on a captive animal.
Students conduct intensive analysis of field data from one or more languages.
Students conduct internships in area schools as part of their curriculum.
Students conduct interviews about taxation, fill out tax forms and play simulations.
Students conduct interviews of culturally different people and write about process.
Students conduct interviews with persons having pertinent information to their case study.
Students conduct interviews with prospective students, including transfer students.
Students conduct interviews with the scientists and sometimes participate in the research.
Students conduct interviews, cover stories around the city and write journalistic articles.
Students conduct interviews, prepare data reports, and written summaries.
Students conduct interviews.
Students conduct investigations on decomposition.
Students conduct investigations to develop problem-solving strategies and persistence.
Students conduct investigations.
Students conduct lab sessions in an educational setting in the community.
Students conduct laboratory experiments and write reports on the data they acquire.
Students conduct laboratory experiments designed to illustrate principles and issues.
Students conduct laboratory experiments on learning principles.
Students conduct laboratory experiments on the psychological and physiological bases of behavior.
Students conduct laboratory rotations with faculty mentors in any of the participating programs.
Students conduct large and small evaluation projects while in the program.
Students conduct library research, study, and create different ecosystems.
Students conduct marketing audits of real organizations.
Students conduct marketing research projects from design to final report.
Students conduct mathematical exploration graphically, numerically, and algebraically.
Students conduct measurements of vibrations and waves, electricity and magnetism, light and optics.
Students conduct museum tours for public school students.
Students conduct needs assessments and critique evaluation designs.
Students conduct observational projects in local field settings.
Students conduct observations in clinical settings in the community.
Students conduct one or two debates.
Students conduct or participate in discussions on assigned topics.
Students conduct oral history interviews with family members in order to learn about their family.
Students conduct original research for oral presentations making use of library sources.
Students conduct original research in the area.
Students conduct original research on current natural resource policy issues.
Students conduct original research or prepare critical papers for publication.
Students conduct original research.
Students conduct panel discussions on new technologies and their intellectual and social impacts.
Students conduct practice interviews in and out of class.
Students conduct practice interviews.
Students conduct pre-designed experiments in the first part of the laboratory work.
Students conduct presentations based on field observation and research.
Students conduct primary research projects.
Students conduct projects involving one or more devices in a simple industrial application.
Students conduct projects using actual commercial-quality seismic data.
Students conduct projects using actual field data.
Students conduct research and present seminar papers.
Students conduct research and present seminar topics.
Students conduct research and question unfair practices.
Students conduct research and take notes.
Students conduct research and write a thesis for a bachelor's degree with honors in anthropology.
Students conduct research in a country other than their home country.
Students conduct research in a laboratory environment or work as interns with local corporations.
Students conduct research in the Tulsa speech community.
Students conduct research off Southern California's coast.
Students conduct research on a topic of interest and write a major term paper.
Students conduct research on the endangered species in the state of Missouri.
Students conduct research on the online catalog.
Students conduct research on their own personal culture, family history, or community.
Students conduct research on their personal culture, family history, or community.
Students conduct research on whales and share their learning via a web site.
Students conduct research on world events during the seventeen-seventies.
Students conduct research projects and learn the theory and methods of business research.
Students conduct research projects both in and out of class.
Students conduct research projects during the field trip portion of the course.
Students conduct research projects in community, lab, or other setting.
Students conduct research through several venues.
Students conduct research throughout the week on a specific topic, under the guidance of faculty.
Students conduct research to collect the information for their projects.
Students conduct research using appropriate technology .
Students conduct research with their faculty mentors.
Students conduct research, analyze data and develop solutions.
Students conduct research, engage in problem solving activities, and work in cooperative groups.
Students conduct research, interview experts and create visual aids to present their policy.
Students conduct scheduling, flight planning, and preparation for upcoming flights.
Students conduct scientific experiments with objects and toys to record and graph their findings.
Students conduct scientificinvestigation through aseries of field tests.
Students conduct securities analysis and make portfolio management decisions.
Students conduct sessions in a supervised laboratory setting.
Students conduct several field-research projects, write project reports, and two longer papers.
Students conduct several on-going evaluation projects throughout the quarter.
Students conduct short individual field studies and write a review.
Students conduct small surveys on topics of their choice within the time frame of the course.
Students conduct some investigations about plants.
Students conduct statistical analyses using appropriate statistical computer software.
Students conduct study sessions each week during interim periods.
Students conduct supervised field research.
Students conduct supervised fieldwork in various speech communities in New York City.
Students conduct survey.
Students conduct surveys to learn what agriculture provides to people.
Students conduct surveys, collect and analyse statistics and then plan a safety campaign.
Students conduct team research projects to assist community groups or agencies.
Students conduct tests and develop a way to record information.
Students conduct the experiments they have designed and record data over a number of weeks.
Students conduct the required research.
Students conduct the research via resources listed on the webquest.
Students conduct the survey and collect the data.
Students conduct the survey developed in class with a select group of respondents outside of class.
Students conduct their dissertation research in off-campus, applied industrial settings.
Students conduct their interviews and write up their findings.
Students conduct their interviews with local agency representatives.
Students conduct their investigations - mixing one powder with one liquid in each cup.
Students conduct their own CBA or CEA using spreadsheet software.
Students conduct their own field research projects.
Students conduct their own reading or seek help from the instructor for a suggested reading list.
Students conduct their own research project in an area of society that they choose.
Students conduct their own research projects and participate in several career workshops.
Students conduct their own water tests to learn about the quality of our wetlands.
Students conduct their research individually in their own time and in class time.
Students conduct their thesis and dissertation research under the direction of a faculty member.
Students conduct their thesis research at a corporate laboratory site.
Students conduct their won research projects and participate in several career workshops.
Students conduct thorough, hands-on inspection with specialized tools.
Students conduct tours of the campus.
Students conduct tours, coordinate and implement exhibits, and assist in the education department.
Students conduct valuable scientific work and immediately see the results of their studies.
Students conduct various hands-on science experiments.
Students conduct, evaluate, and manage educational research and learn educational management skills.
Students conducting independent study programs are also welcome to come and use our resources.
Students confer daily with the teacher and also work to improve reading and study skills.
Students confer individually with the instructor.
Students confer on the technicalities of septic systems.
Students confer with a professor who remains their adviser throughout their undergraduate careers.
Students confer with five faculty advisors about career goals and programs.
Students confer with instructor throughout semester.
Students confer with the cooperating teacher and university supervisor.
Students confer with their advisor for guidelines, reading lists, and scheduling the comps exam.
Students confidently engage in complex mathematical tasks chosen carefully by teachers.
Students confirm their course selections at registration.
Students confront misconceptions through guided labs.
Students confront the claims of classical, Christian, and modern poets.
Students confront the individual, team and organizational dynamics that are a prelude to disasters.
Students confront the misconception that area determines perimeter and vice versa.
Students confront the questions, theories, and methods of exploring language as a system.
Students confront the really tough questions of Jewish belief and philosophy.
Students congregate around the tempieto at the center of the mid-campus quad.
Students congregate here for the great beaches, water-sport thrills, and the beach discos.
Students congregate in common areas for TV, for chats and snacks, and for group study sessions.
Students connect better with students.
Students connect better with their family.
Students connect during live satellite broadcasts or over the Internet.
Students connect knowledge and experience from different subject areas.
Students connect lessons learned to their own roles as agents of social change.
Students connect science and technology to a variety of career opportunities.
Students connect text with what they already know from experience.
Students connect their knowledge of the Latin language to literature and artistic achievement.
Students connect to the course web site and look at the materials and listen to the audio files.
Students connect to the Internet and stay on all day.
Students connect to the survey from any Web browser and respond to the survey.
Students connect vocal and physical investigation with research, analysis and intenseive writing.
Students connect what they learned about stereotypes with what they learned about violence.
Students connect with colleges through a complex interactive process.
Students connect with community resources to develop and implement viable business plans.
Students connect with other students and an instructor through chat rooms on the site.
Students connect with their communities and work with individuals and groups outside the classroom.
Students conquer difficult material by studying it incrementally.
Students consider a variety of situations requiring ethical decisions.
Students consider actual case studies involving resource depletion, pollution, and extinction.
Students consider alternative proposals for solving social problems.
Students consider an area of current educational debate and present findings to tutors and peers.
Students consider animals in their natural habitats.
Students consider clinical material from a theological perspective.
Students consider contemporary environmental issues as they relate to the quality of life.
Students consider critiques of modern approaches to balance of payments.
Students consider each definition.
Students consider ethical issues relevant to data collection and information dissemination.
Students consider free access to the Internet an entitlement.
Students consider heredity and differentiate between meiosis and mitosis.
Students consider how to describe a sense of belonging to a nation.
Students consider issues basic to the Christian faith and the church.
Students consider it one of the keys to their academic and professional success.
Students consider jurisdiction and draft the necessary pleadings at the commencement of a lawsuit.
Students consider major theoretical foundations of modern sociology and anthropology.
Students consider mass and forces such as friction.
Students consider numerous issues of city planning and growth.
Students consider options.
Students consider programming principles in relation to the person-focused priorities of scripture.
Students consider reactions that require energy and reactions that release energy.
Students consider solutions to contemporary health concerns of personal as well as social nature.
Students consider that the Earth is made of a variety of materials that absorb heat unevenly.
Students consider that waves behave in different ways.
Students consider the adult frog or the stages of the frog life cycle.
Students consider the appropriate role of psychological testing in modern society.
Students consider the causes of the sudden collapse of the traditional social orders.
Students consider the characteristics of quality care and their administrative implications.
Students consider the cost of two or three candies if one candy costs one dime.
Students consider the Design Questions as an assessment.
Students consider the effects of divorce, learn legal terms, and explore personal feelings.
Students consider the effects of rain on salinity and density.
Students consider the experience of the sacred and the meaning of faith.
Students consider the importance of biodiversity.
Students consider the major social problems of our time and trace their causes in historical events.
Students consider the personal, social, and philosophical implications of global technology.
Students consider the process and function of change in organizational life.
Students consider the process of making ethical decisions in an increasing complex world.
Students consider the role of fundraising within the larger organization.
Students consider the role of storytelling as acts of interpretation.
Students consider the role that each of the stages in the life cycle plays in the food chain.
Students consider the social and cultural implications of their aesthetic choices.
Students consider the specifics of experiments and read original scientific papers.
Students consider the workload to be heavy.
Students consider their own reasoning and decision-making through course exercises.
Students consider tone, bias, purpose, etc.
Students consider using technology to facilitate their teaching.
Students consider what happens during the course of the frog life cycle if something goes wrong.
Students consider what it means to live a human life in a humane and liberating communal context.
Students considering careers, however, are probably more interested in starting salaries.
Students considering future internships are welcome.
Students considering international study in the United States have many questions.
Students considering non-study options have a variety of options to choose from.
Students considering the major or minor are to meet with departmental faculty before declaring.
Students consistently attain some of the highest test scores in the state.
Students consistently cite caring teachers as a major factor in their perceptions of safe schools.
Students consistently cite the diversity of speakers as one of the key strengths of the course.
Students consistently comment on the excellent services provided.
Students consistently comment that it is one of their best purchases.
Students consistently monitor, correct and improve their speeches.
Students consistently perform well above average on local, state and national assessments.
Students consistently practice the theories they are learning in the classroom.
Students consistently rank above national norms in standardized testing programs.
Students consistently rank their instructors as among the best in the school and university.
Students consistently rate our faculty and courses very favorably.
Students consistently rate teaching staff in the communication skills area above university norm.
Students consistently report satisfaction with class size, campus size, and faculty performance.
Students consistently report that they highly enjoy both the new and the old halls.
Students consistently say there is nothing to do .
Students consistently score above average on state achievement tests.
Students consistently score above average on state and nationally normed achievement tests.
Students consistently score above provincial and national averages in standardized assessments.
Students consistently score above the national average in standardized testing.
Students consistently score at or near the top in statewide assessments.
Students consistently score at the top of state and nation-wide assessments.
Students consistently score below the state average on standardize tests.
Students consistently score high on all standardized tests.
Students consistently score near or often above the state average on standardized tests.
Students consistently score very high on all achievement tests.
Students consistently score well above average on national testing.
Students consistently score well above national and state averages on composite achievement tests.
Students consistently succeed in local and national competition .
Students consistently use and apply their knowledge and skills to solve problems.
Students consistently use their knowledge and skills to solve problems and evaluate results.
Students consistently use their knowledge and skills to solve problems and evaluate the results.
Students consistently use their knowledge and skills to solve problems and evealuate the results.
Students consistently win national awards, internships, and scholarships.
Students consolidate the skills of operating competently in an English speaking university context.
Students consolidate their previous knowledge of verb tenses and modal ausiliaries.
Students constantly rate our bartending instructors as outstanding in their evaluations.
Students constantly receive scholastic and support services.
Students constantly reinforce their basic writing skills.
Students constantly review concepts as they add new ones.
Students constantly seek ways to improve their interviewing skills.
Students constantly work together and discuss the problems.
Students construct a box of measured cardboard, fill it with trash, and weigh it.
Students construct a brochure to attract travelers to their selected biome.
Students construct a conceptual understanding of protein structure.
Students construct a food web for a particular biome.
Students construct a garment plus, organize and plan for a preschool in their classroom.
Students construct a graph using colored unifix cubes.
Students construct a honey bee, and compare and contrast bee body parts and human body parts.
Students construct a journal and record their observations of plant parts and evidence of animals.
Students construct a kaleidoscope using three plastic strips taped into a triangle with duct tape.
Students construct a large model ship to hold the items.
Students construct a mask without eye holes.
Students construct a model of an active comet out of everyday materials.
Students construct a model of their own.
Students construct a model to observe how contaminants move in groundwater.
Students construct a model watershed using pool grade diatomaceous earth and a simple drip system.
Students construct a paper digestive system.
Students construct a point in the center of a circle.
Students construct a reasonably complex object-oriented system in a software engineering context.
Students construct a replica of a neighborhood location and present it to classmates.
Students construct a resume in preparation for personal career development.
Students construct a rocket out of a balloon and use it to carry a paper clip payload.
Students construct a sentence about their pet which is proof-read before being word processed.
Students construct a series of graphs of temperature, dew point, and air pressure over time.
Students construct a series of images to explore the creative process using elements of design.
Students construct a shadow tracker.
Students construct a simple electric motor using a battery and household items.
Students construct a simple transmission and investigate how the torque changes with the gear ratio.
Students construct a sundial shadow maker.
Students construct a time line to scale to show the history of the earth.
Students construct a timeline of significant events in their community.
Students construct a value system for making ethical decisions based upon biblical principles.
Students construct a windmill blade made from a sheet of heavy paper.
Students construct a working model of the daily tidal cycle.
Students construct a working trebuchet to demonstrate how a lever works.
Students construct an actual business plan, including a loan package.
Students construct an instrument to measure tree height, and learn how to use it.
Students construct analogies.
Students construct and analyze computer-based models of market structure, conduct, and performance.
Students construct and deliver persuasive messages in group and individual settings.
Students construct and evaluate a program of their own.
Students construct and interpret contour lines from bottom topography off Oregon.
Students construct and judge the validity of a logical argument.
Students construct and launch a model rocket to experience and reinforce what they are learning.
Students construct and test models.
Students construct and test their own econometric models.
Students construct and use an instrument to take water temperatures at various depths.
Students construct and use stream tables to model the flow of water over Earth's surface.
Students construct at least one house per year.
Students construct class A and B power amps, phase splitters and phase inverters.
Students construct compositional exercises and critique each others solutions.
Students construct concept map.
Students construct container forms employing the fundamentals of design and decoration in clay.
Students construct custom gadgets and solve widget puzzles.
Students construct duct work, a down spout, and an ornamental sheet metal piece.
Students construct explanation.
Students construct floatable sculptures created from pop cans.
Students construct formal proofs and translate from natural language into logical formulas.
Students construct graphs and charts based on the analyzed data.
Students construct individual rockets and work in teams to build a multi-stage rocket.
Students construct instructional sequences.
Students construct knowledge and create artifacts to represent their learning.
Students construct line graphs or histograms.
Students construct line segments of varying irrational lengths on a geoboard or dot paper.
Students construct maps by hand and with the aid of a computer.
Students construct meaning as they read, listen, act and reflect on the subject content.
Students construct meaning using multiple resources and data sources.
Students construct models to understand how the eye perceives three dimensions.
Students construct new personality measures and assess their validity and reliability.
Students construct number meanings through real-world experiences and the use of physical materials.
Students construct one or more storage type buildings.
Students construct philosophical essays based upon assigned readings.
Students construct posters of pride.
Students construct relational databases and explore various ways of linking information.
Students construct respirometers from pipets, cotton, weights, glass vials, and rubber stoppers.
Students construct several chocolate houses and design raffle tickets on the computer.
Students construct simple compiler as programming project.
Students construct simple compilers as programming projects.
Students construct simple relationships first and then progress to more complex tasks.
Students construct structures from the same kit.
Students construct symmetrical figures on a geoboard.
Students construct tables to help highlight and reveal patterns in data.
Students construct technology-enhanced course products.
Students construct the actual hole using originality, creativity, and the materials of their choice.
Students construct the daily tidal cycles using graphs.
Students construct the device according to the following diagram.
Students construct the parachutes and record the time of descent.
Students construct the shape on the geoboard.
Students construct their knowledge in a collaborative environment.
Students construct their model of the temple.
Students construct their own educational web pages.
Students construct their own experiments to analyze the mutations and to learn their significance.
Students construct their own knowledge about water quality through their testing.
Students construct their own meaning with the help of the text and teacher.
Students construct their own models to explain the behavior of the system.
Students construct their own research projects and analyze the data.
Students construct their own understandings of science.
Students construct their own vehicles to go down a ramp, quickly.
Students construct their pioneer kitchen using materials of their choice.
Students construct their sites effortlessly.
Students construct their various systems.
Students construct transportation rose.
Students construct triangles using straws and string.
Students construct web site pages.
Students construct whatever device they proposed.
Students construct written proposals for projects and orally present their project results.
Students construct, present, and critique speeches that are complex, dynamic, and purposeful.
Students construct, read, and interpret tables, charts, and graphs.
Students consult on deals and real-life situations, as part of their core study.
Students consult the head of the department to plan a program that fits their needs.
Students consult their handbooks and choose the appropriate tests to perform.
Students consult with a faculty advisor in selecting appropriate courses.
Students consult with a faculty advisor to plan an individualized program of study and research.
Students consult with a faculty member to peruse the many openings available in their chosen field.
Students consult with a relevant faculty member within the biochemistry and molecular biology major.
Students consult with advisors to make sure professional school entry requirements are met.
Students consult with advisors to select courses that match their interests and long-term plans.
Students consult with an undergraduate adviser to plan an eight-elective concentration.
Students consult with classmates before answering teacher.
Students consult with clients, prepare cases, and argue before administrative law judges.
Students consult with each other about book choices too.
Students consult with education and academic advisors.
Students consult with faculty about area interests and career planning.
Students consult with faculty advisors to determine individual plans of study.
Students consult with lawyers, judges, and psychologists who shared information with the class.
Students consult with several faculty members about potential research topics.
Students consult with the instructor assigned to the course in selecting a topic to be studied.
Students consult with their academic advisor relative to required and elective courses.
Students consult with their adviser and the faculty member facilitating the exhibit for details.
Students consult with their adviser and the faculty member in charge of the exhibit for details.
Students consult with their advisor to plan their course of study.
Students consult with their advisors prior to matriculation to plan an appropriate program of study.
Students consult within their group to suggest solutions.
Students consults with adults utilizing community resources.
Students consume and process as much information as possible.
Students consume drinks.
Students consume education and business consumes students.
Students consume energy drinks.
Students contact a credential analyst.
Students contact each other via email, and set up meeting times on their own.
Students contact our office to request a match with an alumnus.
Students contact the authors of journal articles they have studied.
Students contact the employer directly to apply for the job opening.
Students contact the employer directly, in the manner prescribed by the employer.
Students contact the employer directly.
Students contact the employer for an interview.
Students contact the employer to apply for job openings.
Students contact the graduate school or division at a participating institution for information.
Students contact the teachers and each other with letters sent through computer networks via e-mail.
Students contact the TEAM through their advisor or other campus representative.
Students contact their physicians to set up the shadowing.
Students contact their respective department.
Students container under ches.tcc .
Students continually bring in new items for the table.
Students continually communicate mathematical ideas and solutions and explain their reasoning.
Students continually experiment with dress while trying to keep up with current fads.
Students continually learn to express their ideas and defend their positions.
Students continually look at etymology and grammar comparisons in the two languages.
Students continually perform above the national average on standardized tests.
Students continually score above national norms on achievement tests.
Students continually update a database describing music therapy research and clinical practice.
Students continually write timed and un-timed essays on a variety of topics.
Students continue a functional review of language structure and build vocabulary.
Students continue a review of grammar and improve their writing skills.
Students continue adding to their portfolio of work.
Students continue assessment of the patient through physical examination.
Students continue avocational and vocational avenues.
Students continue building vocabulary and complete a comprehensive grammar review.
Students continue by observing the changes that occur when they heat different substances.
Students continue constructing the Program Portfolio.
Students continue correct application of grammar and punctuation to business correspondence.
Students continue country case surveys.
Students continue daily conversations on everyday topics.
Students continue designing their gargoyle on paper.
Students continue doing research.
Students continue emailing back and forth to ask and answer questions.
Students continue filming video footage.
Students continue important high school experiences while earning college credit.
Students continue in a circle facing each other.
Students continue in small and large group counseling during school years.
Students continue in the process of learning and understanding their own feelings and attitudes.
Students continue in the program through high school graduation.
Students continue keeping data about amount of water they use each day.
Students continue learning how to 'hand-code' their HTML pages.
Students continue learning technical skills.
Students continue looking for new words.
Students continue making gains in reading speed.
Students continue manipulations.
Students continue moving from cone to cone until the music stops.
Students continue pitching ideas.
Students continue planning and implementing lessons and writing objectives for the children.
Students continue playing until one person, the winner, is left.
Students continue polishing spelling, punctuation and the use of transitions.
Students continue portfolio development.
Students continue practicing the sound until they get it right.
Students continue practicing.
Students continue rehearsing the play.
Students continue research in small groups.
Students continue rolling the dice until one student has no more chips.
Students continue rotating until all baskets have been played.
Students continue rough draft with first edit.
Students continue studying the topic of phylogeny, using vertebrates of the animal kingdom.
Students continue target language development but without specified immersion goals.
Students continue the activity to verify their predictions.
Students continue the program of study for two years including one summer session.
Students continue the study of C and assembly language begun in other courses.
Students continue the study of the past tense.
Students continue their academic and clinical training in a master's program.
Students continue their design and weekly meetings with project advisor.
Students continue their discovery by collaborating on the construction of a virtual community.
Students continue their group research.
Students continue their hands-on activities with increasingly complex phenomena.
Students continue their research during the school year as part of their academic program.
Students continue their research during the summer.
Students continue their studies of clinical pathophysiology, microbiology, and pharmacology.
Students continue their studies of the normal structure and function of the human body.
Students continue their study of foreign language and focus on either Spanish or French.
Students continue their study of story by concentrating on the feature-length film script.
Students continue their study of texts of different genres and forms related to each theme.
Students continue their study of the Bible, developing their biblical world view.
Students continue their thesis research.
Students continue their training in physical diagnosis throughout the next two quarters.
Students continue to accumulate points for prizes throughout their school years.
Students continue to achieve at high levels.
Students continue to add text, pictures, and sounds.
Students continue to add to the collection.
Students continue to add to their listening and speaking skills.
Students continue to add to their portfolios.
Students continue to attend the classes held each afternoon.
Students continue to be active learners and to understand and enjoy the learning process.
Students continue to be eligible for financial aid while on financial aid probation.
Students continue to be free to make arrangements to write their exams in their department.
Students continue to be involved in designing a new solar vehicle.
Students continue to be moved from overflow housing and are de-tripled as housing becomes available.
Students continue to be responsible for all their regular classroom work.
Students continue to be responsible for getting projects finished and turned in for the six weeks.
Students continue to be taught at their individual level in each subject area.
Students continue to become proficient on both the computer and the Internet.
Students continue to benefit from the training and grow beyond any scope of covered material.
Students continue to block the gates and maintain high levels of enthusiasm.
Students continue to build number sense through measurement and rounding.
Students continue to build on their first grade reading, writing, and spelling skills.
Students continue to build on their problem-solving skills as they advance from grade to grade.
Students continue to build their foundation of leadership skills.
Students continue to build their portfolios throughout their academic career.
Students continue to build their typing speed and accuracy throughout the year.
Students continue to build upon basic skills and explore new opportunities for learning.
Students continue to build upon their functional base of practical management and leadership skills.
Students continue to build writing skills through fifth grade.
Students continue to complain about the library and student relaxation space.
Students continue to consult guidebooks early in the selection process.
Students continue to create Web pages using advanced HTML techniques and commands.
Students continue to define new learning issues as they progress through the problem.
Students continue to develop a topic for the project.
Students continue to develop a variety of writing skills and complete a research paper.
Students continue to develop communication skills to function in everyday situations.
Students continue to develop critique expertise.
Students continue to develop ear training and sight-singing skills.
Students continue to develop professional skills through singing.
Students continue to develop proficiency in the four skills and to increase their vocabulary.
Students continue to develop reading, writing, listening and speaking skills.
Students continue to develop sensitivity and appreciation for the target language culture.
Students continue to develop skills for the provision of pharmaceutical care.
Students continue to develop skills in grammar, sentence skill development and spelling.
Students continue to develop skills in the helping relationship.
Students continue to develop skills in their chosen career areas and are closely supervised.
Students continue to develop speaking, listening, writing, and reading skills.
Students continue to develop the four basic skills, particularly oral communication.
Students continue to develop the roles of member of the discipline, and political activist.
Students continue to develop the skills required of an office professional.
Students continue to develop their art portfolios.
Students continue to develop their problem-solving skills with daily story problems.
Students continue to develop their research skills.
Students continue to develop their skills so that they can function effectively in college classes.
Students continue to develop their writing-process skills and meet with their instructor weekly.
Students continue to develop visual communication skills in art classes, creating more refined work.
Students continue to develop visual literacy.
Students continue to do a lot of searching about who they are as intellectual and spiritual beings.
Students continue to do well compared to peers at district, state, and national levels.
Students continue to drink or even binge drink on dry campuses.
Students continue to eat one or two meals daily at the program house.
Students continue to engage in listening, speaking, reading, and writing.
Students continue to enhance the curriculum and practice newly learned skills in technology.
Students continue to enhance their skills at land navigation and rifle marksmanship.
Students continue to enroll in and graduate from a nationally accredited professional school.
Students continue to enroll throughout the semester as new courses are offered.
Students continue to examine aspects of French culture in the context of the literary selections.
Students continue to expand their historical consciousness in a more global context.
Students continue to experience specially arranged repertoire from all historical periods.
Students continue to explore geometric transformations .
Students continue to explore modeling, moldmaking, casting, and carving techniques.
Students continue to explore permanent magnets.
Students continue to explore the characteristics of geometric figures.
Students continue to explore various aspects of German culture.
Students continue to explore, in depth, the cultures of the Spanish-speaking world.
Students continue to explore, of course, but they are able to do so with greater understanding.
Students continue to face expulsion from their courses because they are unable to pay their bills.
Students continue to feverishly research and collect materials.
Students continue to focus on caring behaviors of confidence and competence.
Students continue to gain experience in classroom management procedures based on field observations.
Students continue to gain familiarity with German life and customs.
Students continue to gain proficiency in the basic skills required in acting for the stage.
Students continue to gather data, complete, and interpret the graphs.
Students continue to improve keyboarding skills begun in elementary computer classes.
Students continue to improve keying accuracy and speed.
Students continue to improve their keyboarding skills learning most of the keyboard by touch.
Students continue to improve their proficiency in listening, speaking, reading, and writing.
Students continue to increase their Japanese language proficiency.
Students continue to increase their reading speed and comprehension.
Students continue to interact until all students have the name of each classmate on their sheet.
Students continue to investigate printing on fabric, utilizing most printing disciplines.
Students continue to keep logs of their experiences.
Students continue to learn about the parts of speech and grammar.
Students continue to learn about Ukrainian language, and more about Ukrainian culture and history.
Students continue to learn advanced topics in modeling, animation, rendering, and dynamics.
Students continue to learn and practice appropriate verbal and nonverbal behavior.
Students continue to learn basic physics through participation in inquiry-oriented lessons.
Students continue to learn the methods and applications of depth psychology, as above.
Students continue to learn to practice conversations and learn basic grammar rules.
Students continue to learn to speak colloquial Tibetan, as well as to read and write the script.
Students continue to learn vital skills in arithmetic and algebra.
Students continue to look at the culture of Mexico, Spain and other Hispanic countries.
Students continue to look for information for their speeches.
Students continue to look for information of other snacks that they eat.
Students continue to maintain their pages until they graduate.
Students continue to make comparisons between the idiomatic expressions of English and German.
Students continue to make observations on the ecosystems during the year.
Students continue to make timeline cards as the year progresses.
Students continue to meet for literature circles to compare and discuss authors style and stories.
Students continue to meet regularly with their assigned faculty advisors.
Students continue to monitor streams in their watershed.
Students continue to note intra-campus rivalry.
Students continue to observe the instructor in a scheduled equitation class.
Students continue to occupy the central lawn in front of the main library.
Students continue to participate in an English language development program.
Students continue to participate in field archaeology.
Students continue to participate in the patient's ongoing care.
Students continue to participate in various department seminar courses and journal clubs.
Students continue to pay full-time tuition.
Students continue to perform for the community and to add new plays to their repertoire.
Students continue to plan and monitor active-living goals.
Students continue to play a central role in research.
Students continue to play leading roles in the university's environmental efforts.
Students continue to play until they finish their story.
Students continue to practice and develop their entrepreneurial skills with a project or service.
Students continue to practice the four writing modes.
Students continue to practice their math and spelling words.
Students continue to recall the experiences after they have graduated from high school.
Students continue to receive a high level of personal attention from faculty.
Students continue to receive financial aid packages.
Students continue to receive letters of acceptance.
Students continue to record the height of their plant each school day.
Students continue to refine communication and leadership skills.
Students continue to refine their planning and presentation skills for a secondary school audience.
Students continue to refine their teaching skills and the ability to apply theory to practice.
Students continue to rehearse and narrate the video.
Students continue to reinforce basic skills with simple algebraic emphasis.
Students continue to rely on language they have practised.
Students continue to remain involved.
Students continue to research the web site and to take notes on their countries.
Students continue to score above expectations in math and language arts.
Students continue to score well on state and national tests.
Students continue to see their advisor throughout the semester.
Students continue to select topics and their teaching from the TCE courses.
Students continue to share and analyze snapshots and thoughtshots found in novels being read.
Students continue to show a high level of enthusiasm and attachment to the program.
Students continue to sing.
Students continue to sort magnets with adult supervision.
Students continue to spend half of the class period learning to touch type.
Students continue to stay with their group throughout the day.
Students continue to strengthen their note reading skills and learn to play as an ensemble.
Students continue to study grammar, read short stories, and write guided compositions.
Students continue to study grammar, usage, mechanics, and library research skills.
Students continue to study grammar, usage, mechanics, vocabulary, and library research skills.
Students continue to study in their native languages through middle and high school.
Students continue to study part time while undergoing industrial experience.
Students continue to study verbs in the present tense and begin the study of the past tense.
Students continue to take one ballet class per week and one dance class of their choice per week.
Students continue to take several required core courses in subsequent years.
Students continue to use manipulative materials to develop higher levels of reasoning.
Students continue to use Popsicle sticks and pipe cleaners to make crafts.
Students continue to use SPSS software for out of class assignments.
Students continue to use the image analysis software for various advanced laboratory projects.
Students continue to visit the library after attending special programs.
Students continue to warm up individually.
Students continue to whisper and move around the room.
Students continue to work at the word processing lab with their writing instructor .
Students continue to work full-time while in the program.
Students continue to work on filling in their states and capitals map.
Students continue to work on non-verbal perception and diagnosis to complement the analytical study.
Students continue to work on recording facts on destruction and safety.
Students continue to work on skills and perform at a higher level.
Students continue to work on style, conditioning and self expression.
Students continue to work on system improvement based on evaluation report.
Students continue to work on their brochure.
Students continue to work on their portfolios and the production of the college newspaper.
Students continue to work towards competency of all required radiographic examinations.
Students continue to work while studying on the programme.
Students continue to write regularly for the print and broadcast media, both on and off campus.
Students continue until teachers end their school year in the spring.
Students continue until they have been offered and have accepted a research position.
Students continue with instructional activities until they achieve mastery on the criterion.
Students continue with laboratory work and select three electives.
Students continue with other labeled yarn loops.
Students continue work in modern standard Arabic and Egyptian colloquial Arabic.
Students continue work on a portfolio showing their continued development as future teachers.
Students continue work on basemaps and overlays as defined by the community and student partners.
Students continue work with cognates.
Students continue working on improving their keyboarding skills throughout the year.
Students continue working on their projects throughout the year.
Students continue working on their research throughout the program.
Students continue working toward clinical competency.
Students continue working with problem solving concepts and database systems.
Students continue working with the same groups and discuss their experience with libraries.
Students continue working.
Students continue writing, work to be handed in next day.
Students continue, however, to speak French in at least half of their academic work.
Students continuously discuss their ideas, make arguments, and validate their thinking.
Students continuously revise their work, hear it read aloud and critique the work of their peers.
Students continuously strive to improve the artistic presentation of each technique.
Students contrast and classify organisms based upon shared derived characteristics.
Students contrast literal and idiomatic expressions in French.
Students contrast similarities of life cycles among the various classes of vertebrate animals.
Students contrast theoretical frameworks with practical perspectives and experiences.
Students contribute an enormous amount to the life and character of a law school.
Students contribute articles and help prepare the paper for distribution.
Students contribute case material for classroom use.
Students contribute current events to the page.
Students contribute directly to planning course content, and continuously evaluate taught modules.
Students contribute essays on a specific topic.
Students contribute four to six hours of work each week.
Students contribute in the creation of multimedia products.
Students contribute knowledge and expertise gained from their own management experience.
Students contribute life and organizational knowledge in a cooperative learning environment.
Students contribute most of the content.
Students contribute photographs to the yearbook, newspaper, and other events.
Students contribute real-world knowledge from the workplace.
Students contribute several hours a week to manage the facility.
Students contribute strengths and interests to the group project.
Students contribute the topics.
Students contribute their collected information in a database.
Students contribute their own local research and oral histories to the archive.
Students contribute their writing skills, while teachers provide curriculum guidelines.
Students contribute through reports and improvised dialogues.
Students contribute to a class word book by adding words to each page throughout the year.
Students contribute to a host of faculty projects in a wide range of disciplines.
Students contribute to an interesting class conversation.
Students contribute to community development and renewal.
Students contribute to instructional costs through regular tuition and registration fees.
Students contribute to local agencies and address issues facing southeastern Ohio. . . .
Students contribute to nearly every aspect of the department's operation.
Students contribute to performance and work portfolios in the course of their classes.
Students contribute to the changing design of the environment.
Students contribute to the college community in many valuable ways.
Students contribute to the communities in which they work.
Students contribute to the courses through student representatives elected from each year.
Students contribute to the development of nursing science.
Students contribute to the evaluation of analytical problems.
Students contribute to the production of multimedia products.
Students contribute with their experience.
Students contribute work to it.
Students control a remote controlled car using a local vision system.
Students control part of the newspaper, including the on-line version.
Students control the direction of their learning.
Students control the entire program from one pull-down menu.
Students control the pace of the explanations.
Students control the pace.
Students control the reactions by experimenting with the initial trajectories of the molecules.
Students control the selection of portfolio content and material.
Students control the zooming in process and measure the slope geometrically.
Students control their own behavior.
Students control their own time and activities rather than following a prescribed curriculum.
Students convent each fraction to a decimal and then a percent.
Students converse and read in Hispanic literature from various genres.
Students converse in German and observe German cultural traditions in a relaxed atmosphere.
Students converse with one another until the specified task is completed.
Students convert a Truck into electric power.
Students convert between different units of measurement.
Students convert classroom into assembly line.
Students convert decimals to percents.
Students convert fractions used in stock quotes into dollar equivalents.
Students convert theories and ideas into techniques, procedures, and products.
Students convey an image into another child's mind using writing skills and technology.
Students cook and clean for themselves.
Students cook at all levels of the menu, including desserts.
Students cook for themselves or eat at the university cafeteria.
Students cook for themselves, and a meal allowance is included in the program fee.
Students cook for themselves.
Students cook meals, pay the phone bill and live among local families and young professionals.
Students cook their own food on spirit burning stoves.
Students cook their own meals during the summer.
Students cook together in fully equipped kitchens.
Students cook vegetarian dishes to be judged by a panel.
Students cooperate in all aspects of the business.
Students cooperate in groups of four to solve problems and to answer each other's questions.
Students cooperate with each other.
Students cooperate, discuss, and create a timeline.
Students coordinate a dozen service projects through student community service programs.
Students coordinate all aspects of the production, which is usually presented early in the new year.
Students coordinate and participate in panels, round tables, and workshops throughout the day.
Students coordinate charity drives and collect donations for community shelters.
Students coordinate local, state, and national campaign efforts.
Students coordinate patient care and treatment with all dental specialties.
Students coordinate reading assignments with their creative writing projects.
Students coordinate the entire show.
Students cope with the stress of medical education in different ways.
Students cope with their fear in the aftermath of last year's rapes in different ways.
Students copy and ask questions as notes are presented.
Students copy and define each Latin word on their voc.
Students copy and extend patterns using the design revealed on a kite.
Students copy and paste their graphs into a word-processing program.
Students copy answers from others during tests.
Students copy board information into notebooks.
Students copy down the seven stages.
Students copy homework assignment in their handbooks.
Students copy information onto their paper.
Students copy the daily agenda while the teacher takes attendance.
Students copy the drawings and learn the terms and then begin the actual dissection.
Students copy the line onto a sentence strip.
Students copy the table into their notebooks.
Students copy the URL or web address and title of page into their books.
Students copy their legend on final draft paper.
Students copy their outgoing mail to a teacher and share the responses with their class.
Students copying software in school, or copying school software at home, puts schools at risk.
Students correct any mistakes made.
Students correct each other.
Students correct one another.
Students correct their errors and rewrite the passage before submitting it to their teacher.
Students correct their own spellings immediately after each word is given.
Students correctly locate oceans on a world map.
Students correctly locate the countries on a world map.
Students correctly match real seeds with the names of the corresponding fruits and vegetables.
Students correlate fish body shape and swimming technique with swimming speed.
Students correlate the topics covered in the course with actual religious behavior they observe.
Students correspond via email and message boards available as Web-pages.
Students correspond with a school through the mail.
Students correspond with their Marist faculty advisor via the Internet.
Students correspond, take tests, and submit assignments via the Internet.
Students counsel school-aged children as well as adults and elders.
Students count amphipods in the sand and record the data.
Students count and compare type of food eaten.
Students count and record the total number of birds visiting the school grounds.
Students count and record what they see.
Students count and sort objects and develop the ability to match numbers with objects.
Students count animal manipulatives to match the number on the barn.
Students count eight of the eleven problem scores.
Students count five lines south of the equator.
Students count in every state.
Students count notes in each category.
Students count object sets match numerals with sets of objects to ten.
Students count rhythms, form lines, and twist their bodies into angles and shapes.
Students count sets of money to determine the value.
Students count the animals and put the correct number card at the beginning of the row.
Students count the animals on the cards and match to the correct number.
Students count the appropriate number of eggs into each nest on the math mats.
Students count the claws on the feet as a part of their observations.
Students count the correct number of pigs into each puddle.
Students count the different hats they've made and discuss their answers.
Students count the number of lifesavers in an assorted pack.
Students count the pieces.
Students count the tally marks for each question and answer.
Students count two lines north of the equator.
Students count yellow starthistle seedlings.
Students count, sort, weigh, measure, describe, and classify the shells.
Students count, then express that number in numbers and in words on paper.
Students cover a local community and write various meeting stories.
Students cover a range of topics throughout the three years of learning.
Students cover a variety of areas and learn skills in presenting ideas graphically.
Students cover a wide variety of topics ranging from social psychology to neuroscience.
Students cover advanced software implementation topics and project management.
Students cover all aspects of college life in the creation of the publication.
Students cover all costs associated with attending residential schools.
Students cover all pre-algebra plus additional challenging topics.
Students cover basic strokes and court etiquette.
Students cover Bay Area communities.
Students cover beats for the campus newspaper.
Students cover challenging material in a fun game show format.
Students cover college costs in a number of ways.
Students cover four academic subjects, as well as social skills training.
Students cover many subjects relating to staff procedures and command and control of army units.
Students cover news and sports events of local and statewide interest.
Students cover several problem sets and then complete a gallery of student projects .
Students cover stories and write for both radio and television broadcasts.
Students cover stories on and off campus.
Students cover taxonomy of invertebrate and vertebrate groups.
Students cover the details in managing funds, personnel, and administrative paperwork.
Students cover the following topics through the officer's presentation, text resources, and videos.
Students cover the inner workings of the microcontroller only as needed to solve the problem.
Students cover their costs of travel, food and housing.
Students cover their other expenses.
Students cover their own expenses.
Students cover three case studies of business problems each morning in class.
Students cover topics such as interactions, inhibitors, DNA and bioactivation.
Students cover topics.
Students cover working beats.
Students craft stories of experienced education leaders.
Students craft their game to allow for errors and special conditions.
Students craft their own comprehensive campaign plan and run a real-life mock campaign.
Students craft their poetry independently with teacher guidance and peer support.
Students crave clarity and directness.
Students crave examples from their peers.
Students crave the field experience after spending so much time in class.
Students crave the opportunity to walk out from behind their televisions and do something.
Students create a balanced lunch using some common lunch items.
Students create a battery from their skin and two different metals.
Students create a body of work that examines the role photography serves in their own daily lives.
Students create a book about zero for second-graders.
Students create a book detailing each month with creative pictures and short accurate sentences.
Students create a booklet on favorite sports figures, movie stars, etc.
Students create a business plan as part of the course.
Students create a business to be located along the Nile River.
Students create a candidate, run in a virtual election, and participate in an online election poll.
Students create a career exploration portfolio, a written report and an oral presentation.
Students create a cartoon on a current news topic.
Students create a celebration that imitates the characteristics of frontier celebrations.
Students create a childhood for a primary character.
Students create a circle map for each season to brainstorm characteristics of each season.
Students create a classroom dictionary of election terms.
Students create a clay brain demonstrating the four parts and labeling their functions.
Students create a collage of human land-use activities around an image of a pond.
Students create a collage to represent a poem, using photos, drawings and recycled magazine pages.
Students create a color code for salinity values.
Students create a complex drawing with multiple figures.
Students create a conflict management plan for their classrooms.
Students create a data table and plot the data on the graph.
Students create a database about sharks of the world.
Students create a decision grid on a spreadsheet.
Students create a design on their eggs by gluing the shells to the egg.
Students create a detailed plan for applying and advancing through the program.
Students create a diagram of the characteristics.
Students create a diagram to compare things done to combat boredom today and during Civil War times.
Students create a display of images that show California's natural resources.
Students create a document template as the basis for the form.
Students create a drawing of a lightbulb before and after examining a real bulb.
Students create a fact book on a country.
Students create a fact file to share with other groups.
Students create a factory, ship lots, and determine if their sample is representative of the whole.
Students create a fictional story about themselves as a learner in the course.
Students create a flip chart book and illustrate each category.
Students create a food web with a trophic cascade.
Students create a forest habitat to see plant succession take place.
Students create a fur trade game.
Students create a geometry notebook throughout their study of geometry.
Students create a graph comparing the two measurements.
Students create a graph depicting their numeric data or statistics on a theme of interest.
Students create a graph to determine the two or three favorite activities of the grade level.
Students create a graph using computer software.
Students create a graphic organizer to use during their research.
Students create a graphical representation of the matrix data.
Students create a greenhouse, complete with seeds for planting.
Students create a health portfolios.
Students create a hydroponic garden to observe the life cycle of a bean plant.
Students create a hypermedia design statement as well as a prototype product.
Students create a hypermedia design statement as well as prototype product.
Students create a individual philosophy and shield.
Students create a journal entry with an illustration of their class butterfly garden.
Students create a journal in which they reflect upon the search process.
Students create a list of questions about which parts of a plant are used for food.
Students create a list of questions they have about electricity.
Students create a marketing plan and learn how to implement it.
Students create a matrix about the plants to be displayed.
Students create a melody for a poem.
Students create a memorial for the dogs that gave their lives to help soldiers during wars.
Students create a metaphor that is presented to the class.
Students create a mobile of symbols for each position and explanation of the duties.
Students create a mock crime scene, become criminalist experts and perform DNA fingerprinting.
Students create a model base on a sphere made of cubes, following a set of orthographic projections.
Students create a movement pattern by writing a program on a PC and downloading it to the robot.
Students create a multi-cultural calendar.
Students create a multimedia design statement as well as a prototype product.
Students create a multimedia presentation of their individual poems.
Students create a multimedia project.
Students create a multimedia report recommending a planet for an orbiting space hotel.
Students create a multi-tabled business database project.
Students create a new word as a class.
Students create a newsletter including articles written by students.
Students create a newspaper in the comprehensive program that highlights school events.
Students create a newspaper, conduct an interview and perform a reader's theater play.
Students create a notebook for future reference in their own teaching careers.
Students create a number of portfolios, with varying requirements depending upon the purpose.
Students create a one page flow-chart or graphic organizer to serve as a visualization of the book.
Students create a painting of a city scene.
Students create a painting, drawing, or mixed media on wood panel.
Students create a patchwork quilt using digital photography.
Students create a pattern using various rubber stamp blocks or picture designs.
Students create a performance demonstrating the motion of the solar system.
Students create a picture of a Chumash village.
Students create a picture, according to the teacher's instructions.
Students create a poll for the school community.
Students create a portfolio of the best examples of their work.
Students create a portfolio of their projects.
Students create a positioning strategy for a product.
Students create a postcard.
Students create a poster about Australia using fact sheets and a map.
Students create a poster as a small group.
Students create a poster based on information gathered from state travel guide.
Students create a poster representing their research.
Students create a poster to recruit habitants for New France.
Students create a poster using a computer graphics program.
Students create a poster, detailing their program and any steps for implementation.
Students create a presentation board comparing ads.
Students create a presentation on Africa which is shared with parents.
Students create a profile consisting of their interests, skills and background.
Students create a program length and dramatic script.
Students create a program of study from a list of offerings that is constantly updated.
Students create a project that reflects the new skills learned during the semester.
Students create a question to ask the astronaut and send it via the teacher's E-mail account.
Students create a questionnaire about music preferences.
Students create a relief map of the United States and simulate what happens when ice caps melt.
Students create a report on an explorer.
Students create a report that analyzes the process used and the data gathered.
Students create a report to be given in class.
Students create a scatterplot and historically analyze the trends in the data.
Students create a scavenger hunt question for their classmates about that president.
Students create a schedule for one day as president.
Students create a self-directed project and develop a portfolio of images.
Students create a sequenced list describing the major actions making up the myth.
Students create a series of questions that can be answered using their model food chains.
Students create a series of work that reflects a clear sense of personal expression.
Students create a set of directions leading to their relative's house.
Students create a shape, divide it into equal parts.
Students create a short sequence and apply it to a scale.
Students create a short skit using the shapes to describe objects or people.
Students create a short storyboard from a script.
Students create a silhouette of a friend in the classroom.
Students create a simple scattergraph to see the correlation between two variables.
Students create a slide show of an animal they research.
Students create a slide show with computer software.
Students create a snowglobe by using baby food jars, decorations, and water.
Students create a social life for themselves by doing the kinds of things they enjoy.
Students create a speech to be given in a public community setting.
Students create a story wheel that illustrates the characters, setting, and conflict in the book.
Students create a story.
Students create a storyboard for display.
Students create a strategic plan for on-going or new organization.
Students create a student publication on health.
Students create a survey and speak out at their schools.
Students create a system of falling weights to pull the vehicle.
Students create a term marketing plan.
Students create a timeline based upon gathered stories.
Students create a timeline of eruptions in order to predict the future behavior of Mt. Vesuvius.
Students create a timeline of political events and their effects on the Summer Olympic Games.
Students create a timeline of the events and learn about the causes and effects of each event.
Students create a timeline of the important events of the story.
Students create a timeline showing immigrant numbers during selected time periods.
Students create a traffic light with a red light, a road and cars.
Students create a travel brochure for five differnet locations.
Students create a two-card stack explaining actions and reactions or causes and effects.
Students create a unique ornament for all countries visited.
Students create a video production.
Students create a video public service announcement.
Students create a virtual museum to exhibit historic tribal relics.
Students create a visual aid to help present the project.
Students create a visual aid, give an oral presentation to the class and take a test.
Students create a visual representation of their pilgrim.
Students create a vocabulary concept map for the words fact and opinion.
Students create a wanted poster of their disease-causing organism.
Students create a web page.
Students create a Web site during the first hour of class.
Students create a Web site for a proposed business.
Students create a Web site for their university.
Students create a web site that advertises their evention.
Students create a Web-site for their university.
Students create a wide variety of garments form children's wear to sports wear to prom gowns.
Students create a work of interactive art so that the viewer makes the art happen.
Students create accounting applications using various software programs.
Students create activity charts.
Students create activity journals.
Students create actual print advertisements and radio commercials.
Students create advanced multiple-form applications and reports with various formats and styles.
Students create affective products using their talents and collaborating as necessary.
Students create an African mask.
Students create an animation button that automatically flips through a series of cards.
Students create an aquarium book about the sea creatures they saw on their trip.
Students create an award for a family member.
Students create an edible diorama made completely of food.
Students create an edible map of Alaska.
Students Create an environment where students want to excel.
Students create an exhibit and present their CDs to other classes.
Students create an image of the Gulf Stream using the temperature color scale.
Students create an individual project based on the second book they read.
Students create an individualized project and portfolio documenting their work in the course.
Students create an interactive multimedia project.
Students create an operating business web site with a database and secure contact with customers.
Students create an original concept and then plan for it on a production level.
Students create and control pendulums, seeking patterns in the way they swing.
Students create and design their own format for a board game.
Students create and distribute information on the Internet.
Students create and evaluate instructional programs.
Students create and evaluate print materials combining text and graphics.
Students create and evaluate various network systems.
Students create and execute designs in each technique.
Students create and execute PR campaigns in a senior-level campaigns class.
Students create and format worksheets and workbooks utilizing toolbars, menus and commands.
Students create and glaze their art work.
Students create and implement a project of specific interest to the management of an organization.
Students create and implement play programs for infants to children of five years.
Students create and import data into tables, perform calculations, and modify the tables.
Students create and launch rockets.
Students create and maintain database objects and are able to store, retrieve, and manipulate data.
Students create and maintain their sites under the direction of a teacher or coach.
Students create and modify databases, enter and update data, create menus, and design databases.
Students create and nominate an ideal candidate, and then run as that person in a virtual election.
Students create and perform a dramatic work drawing from their course readings and discussions.
Students create and perform compositions using a variety of sound sources.
Students create and plan to implement objectives and strategies for the enterprise.
Students create and present lesson plans to their instructors and peers.
Students create and present orally a short legend to explain why the volcano exists or erupts.
Students create and present persuasive messages and analyze persuasive messages and campaigns.
Students create and produce professional-quality video projects.
Students create and provide presentations for their classmates.
Students create and query a database.
Students create and respond to art in each middle school art course, during all three years.
Students create and retrieve data files, use high resolution graphics, and develop simulations.
Students create and revise concept maps as they gather and synthesize information.
Students create and sell advertising on campus and off campus for organizations and businesses.
Students create and share their own books.
Students create and solve codes based on the numerical value of their spelling list words.
Students create and solve equations that involve addition, subtraction and multiplication.
Students create and solve equations that involve missing addends and unknowns.
Students create and solve problems involving simple number patterns.
Students create and submit additional cases and questions for use throughout the school year.
Students create and take home two pieces of art.
Students create and teach one unit.
Students create and use aerial diagrams to examine the parts of a stream system in their models.
Students create animated movies bound together in book form.
Students create animated portfolios by recording their projects on video tape.
Students create another picture, according to the teacher's directions.
Students create answers to questions or prompts.
Students create art using a crescent shape.
Students create art using recycled trash.
Students create awareness.
Students create balance meals.
Students create basic design with fresh flowers each week.
Students create board games based on materials they have read.
Students create booklets explaining how to recycle and why it is important to do so.
Students create books, publish their work on the Internet, and complete well-developed projects.
Students create books, write stories, explore their own values and more.
Students create bridges and wall curios.
Students create brightly colored flowers to make a classroom garden moral.
Students create brochure with available art materials.
Students create business plans and engage in strategic audits of real organizations.
Students create cardboard stamps to decorate their valentines.
Students create cartoons.
Students create character profiles to people their colony.
Students create chaulk drawings after enjoying the Northern Lights.
Students create class or school projects and establish the desired outcomes.
Students create clues to help partner schools discover their geographic location.
Students create cognitive maps of information based on their experiences.
Students create collages about riding in the back seat.
Students create collages based upon personal journeys of discovery.
Students create color composites and renderings, and learn mechanical preparation.
Students create columns with questions and comments about the model or annotation.
Students create commercial tourism business plans.
Students create commercials to be included during mock broadcast.
Students create compositions where perspective and depth are sought.
Students create compositions, and works are performed in public concerts.
Students create daily schedules.
Students create databases in a process of accumulating and classifying knowledge.
Students create designs for four gardens and participate in project critiques.
Students create designs such as advertisements for pretend clients.
Students create designs using geometric shapes.
Students create detailed story board.
Students create diary entries of people in the ancient civilizations who lived through floods.
Students create dichotomous keys for the animals they've just discussed.
Students create dioramas to demonstrate the features unique to the day and night skies.
Students create documents such as character analyses, journal entries, and performance critiques.
Students create documents such as play analyses, reports and reviews.
Students create documents that contain business graphics, clip art and self-created graphics.
Students create documents, utilize proofing tools, format pages and edit documents.
Students create dynamic multimedia projects that related to their curriculum or coursework.
Students create eat habits.
Students create electronic presentations suitable for business.
Students create entries in visual arts, photography, music, or literature at home.
Students create equations to meet a certain goal using order of operations skills.
Students create every element of the system.
Students create fact sheets reported by a spacecraft lost in the solar system.
Students create figures or other objects in the round or in relief.
Students create final drafts, incorporating comments from their partners and teacher.
Students create final drafts, incorporating comments from their peer and teacher editing.
Students create final drafts, incorporating comments from their peer-editor and teacher.
Students create flip charts that show how clouds look as they change into storms.
Students create floral designs for banquets and weddings.
Students create floral designs using fresh and artificial materials.
Students create fluid representational forms depicting natural sea forms by modeling wire mesh.
Students create folk art in respose to folk music.
Students create food webs for animals in the arctic.
Students create forms with clay to create short animations.
Students create full-scale publicity plans, including strategies and materials.
Students create fun hats to wear or wear their favorite hats.
Students create geometric patterns using potato prints.
Students create graphic images.
Students create graphic organizers to compare and contrast the lives of two Mexican revolutionaries.
Students create graphic plans using frames, tie-lines, and notes.
Students create graphical user environments using nonlinear formats and event driven tasks.
Students create graphs and analyze climatic changes.
Students create graphs of data collected and predictions.
Students create graphs to show the population of their country.
Students create graphs using spreadsheets.
Students create habits.
Students create healthy recipes using traditional plants and foods.
Students create higher quality work when they have observed the set criteria.
Students create hills, build dams, and grow vegetation.
Students create horoscopes, allegories, parodies, acronyms, epitaphs, myths, poems, and more.
Students create HTML pages by hand and post files on a working web server.
Students create hypotheses and use historical thinking skills to satisfy their own curiosity.
Students create illustrations to demonstrate the growth of their plants.
Students create imaginary critter offspring to model patterns of inheritance.
Students create individual book publishing projects and invent a magazine as a group project.
Students create individual solutions to visual problems relating to both visual order and meaning.
Students create individual writing, reading and revision plans.
Students create individualized projects and consult closely with organizations in the real world.
Students create interactive Web sites with graphics, animations and components.
Students create interdisciplinary linkages between psychology and other fields of interest.
Students create jewelry for women in Boston shelters.
Students create job evaluation systems and develop salary surveys.
Students create labels to identify parts of the Pueblo village.
Students create layouts in avariety of contexts.
Students create light pulses with sound waves.
Students create links.
Students create map and develop an understanding of basic elements of map reading.
Students create maps of their own neighborhood using the book's maps as models.
Students create marketing plans to market products to other countries.
Students create marketing research plans for products or services.
Students create mathematics manipulatives to explore powers of ten.
Students create meals.
Students create melodies on the appropriate chords as they hear the harmony shift.
Students create menus from scratch and interpret more refined recipes.
Students create models and drawings of buildings, which are displayed for assessment.
Students create models to explain moon phasing, passage from day to night, and eclipses.
Students create more complete and proficient products when using technological tools.
Students create movement studies through improvisation.
Students create music.
Students create musical compositions using the computer.
Students create new games that conform to specific, pre-set conditions.
Students create news headlines of the Holocaust.
Students create one more and one less patterns.
Students create online projects related to mass communication.
Students create original artwork based on a historical scene.
Students create original characters, story lines, dialogue, and page layout.
Students create original compositions using computer-based sequencing software.
Students create original dance pieces which are performed at the end of each term.
Students create original logos and displays for a small personal entrepreneur business.
Students create original music, dance, and art for the festival.
Students create own electronic portfolio on web and select content.
Students create pamphlets about eating disorders.
Students create pamphlets and distribute to local library.
Students create paper sculptures.
Students create parallel timelines on the same poster.
Students create part of their own curriculum.
Students create paths, manipulate files, redirect output, and create a file using a screen editor.
Students create patterns in a pre-designed grid created in Paintbrush and shared from the server.
Students create patterns that demonstrate continuity and change in movement.
Students create patterns with the calculator.
Students create patterns.
Students create personal images with drawing and painting software.
Students create photographs meeting specific market and media needs.
Students create pictures.
Students create pie charts to display and compare their findings.
Students create placemats that show pictures of things for which they are thankful.
Students create plannispheres from manila file folders and construction paper.
Students create plays, videos and computerized presentations from their original research.
Students create polished evidence of their learning.
Students create polygons with shape pieces.
Students create posters advertising jobs for women to work in factories.
Students create posters showing the effects of different dangerous drugs on the body.
Students create posters telling how to avoid injury during physical activity.
Students create posters to advocate water safety.
Students create posters to make a collective mural to place for display.
Students create posters to teach the skill.
Students create posters utilizing a theme.
Students create presentations they are proud of and enthusiastic about presenting.
Students create prints of fish using a few basic materials including tempera paint and paper.
Students create probability games and write a proposal to have the games posted to the Internet.
Students create professional quality productions in our television studio.
Students create professional text, then draw or scan images of the animals.
Students create programs that animate.
Students create programs using visual programming approaches.
Students create projects for personal and school use.
Students create projects in all subject areas.
Students create projects related to their majors.
Students create projects that represent fine are, commercial art, and craft.
Students create projects using a variety of materials.
Students create projects with a drug-free slogan.
Students create projects with pencil, pastels, crayon, and paint.
Students create props that can be printed and used in a play.
Students create prototype evaluation instrument and plan related activities.
Students create prototype expert systems under close supervision by faculty experts.
Students create provocative and visually imaginative narratives breaking new ground.
Students create puzzles of a map of Mexico.
Students create quilt designs by using geometric transformations to repeat a basic pattern.
Students create real, portfolio-building advertising for actual clients in a typical agency setting.
Students create relational database structures and utilize databases to initiate marketing programs.
Students create repeating patterns with the calculator.
Students create reports using simple authoring programs.
Students create representational natural forms for the viewer to move into and around the form.
Students create resumes and cover letters for job applications.
Students create rough draft, conduct peer and teacher editing, final draft.
Students create sales presentations for class.
Students create sand molds and cast miniature stove plates in plaster.
Students create scatter plot showing correlation between precipitation and sky conditions.
Students create schedules.
Students create scoring guide for the presentations.
Students create scrapbook of project process.
Students create sculpture through both analytic and aesthetic approaches.
Students create short video clips of their teams at work.
Students create simple machines from adjustable strings and pulleys.
Students create simulated on-line shopping environments and order processing scenarios.
Students create single and multiplate prints and produce editions.
Students create skits on violence prevention and how to resolve problems peacefully.
Students create sleds made from popsicle sticks.
Students create slide presentations to teach math skills to each other.
Students create spreadsheets to record the cost of the trip.
Students create spreadsheets using the information gathered about each element.
Students create stack in order to share book review.
Students create stories that require the reader to make choices.
Students create stories.
Students create story maps to share information about books they have read.
Students create story problems using symbols and solve each other s problems.
Students create student publication on health.
Students create students newspapers.
Students create study methods to use.
Students create taxonomic classification systems of each category.
Students create team pages using web authoring software.
Students create technology-enhanced presentations.
Students create television storyboards, radio commercials, and print-media copy and layout.
Students create ten watercolors during regular class sessions.
Students create tennis ball globes and more.
Students create the art and assist in the displays.
Students create the cube and place their research findings onto the appropriate panel.
Students create the new country created by the former New England region.
Students create the packaging for a new product they invent.
Students create the schedule.
Students create their brochures.
Students create their designs elsewhere using computer graphics software.
Students create their final contributions as HTML documents in their personal web accounts.
Students create their own academic programs in close collaboration with faculty advisers.
Students create their own activities as well.
Students create their own African folktale to be shared with the class at a later date.
Students create their own audio recordings incorporating the information found in the newspapers.
Students create their own bibliographic reference list and use it.
Students create their own book writing it from who they are to being part of the world.
Students create their own books using the characters and settings provided.
Students create their own coded maps.
Students create their own comet.
Students create their own compositions, post online and publish their own compact discs.
Students create their own definitions and then look up definitions in dictionary.
Students create their own design using their individual choice of materials.
Students create their own designs by integrating sculpture, stone, water, and ground layering.
Students create their own designs using iteration.
Students create their own dictionaries.
Students create their own elective concentration.
Students create their own focus for study when choosing from a selection of elective classes.
Students create their own game that uses data from the same web site.
Students create their own game that uses data from the same website.
Students create their own home page.
Students create their own learning and use their creativity to research and explain information.
Students create their own living environment using a multitude of interdisciplinary skills.
Students create their own living environments using a multitude of interdisciplinary skills.
Students create their own marketplace by making and bringing in things from home to buy and sell.
Students create their own masterpieces using a variety of media.
Students create their own masterpieces using each artist s style.
Students create their own meaning rather than memorizing and regurgitating information.
Students create their own miniature stream tables with diatomaceous earth and sand.
Students create their own musical instruments that are to be entered in a fictitious radio contest.
Students create their own number book using the dot markers and templates provided.
Students create their own paper using the pulp from scrap paper.
Students create their own personal neighborhood map based on what they have learned.
Students create their own policies and problem solve and learn.
Students create their own pornography as a final class project, including films showing bizarre sex.
Students create their own professional looking resumes.
Students create their own programming, scripts, engineer and announce their own shows.
Students create their own promotional plans.
Students create their own puppets.
Students create their own rainforest terrarium.
Students create their own rap based on their feelings, emotions, or issues they feel strongly about.
Students create their own representation of the life cycle of butterflies.
Students create their own research groups.
Students create their own service trips.
Students create their own service-learning project, putting Jewish values into action.
Students create their own shadow puppets and develop their own story.
Students create their own situations, and develop characters that come from their own experiences.
Students create their own sketch map of the United States with legend.
Students create their own speech.
Students create their own starry night.
Students create their own stories to share.
Students create their own stories, working individually or with a partner.
Students create their own tamale problems using a different number of people to fair share with.
Students create their own tessellations on the computer after creating one by hand in class.
Students create their own tessellations.
Students create their own text or use story starters and templates.
Students create their own unique moving cartoon based on personal experience or response.
Students create their own vanity plate lingo retelling of a fairy tale.
Students create their own video projects.
Students create their own wacky stories.
Students create their own web pages that are showcased on the school web page.
Students create their own web pages to share their interests and their work.
Students create their own web sites as a final project.
Students create their own websites as a final project.
Students create their own works.
Students create their product to present their information to the class.
Students create their report and presentation.
Students create their visual background for a story .
Students create their Web page without using any code or mark-up language.
Students create three slides and then produce a slide show that includes sounds and transitions.
Students create timelines of a famous inventor's life.
Students create trading cards on a dinosaur they are studying.
Students create two new questions for other students to answer.
Students create two overlapping circles.
Students create unique menorahs.
Students create various projects using an array of software.
Students create visual concepts for communication.
Students create visual material to communicate health and wellness to a pre-selected audience.
Students create visual representations of their favorite items.
Students create visual representations of their works, showing the contrast in form.
Students create vocabulary tables in small groups.
Students create water color landscapes in the style of the classical Asian landscapes they viewed.
Students create waves on the vibrating string and learn about resonance.
Students create web pages about their town.
Students create web pages to post information on school home page.
Students create web pages using both HTML and web authoring software.
Students create Web pages using both HTML and Web-authoring software.
Students create web pages.
Students create word lists given word families and patterns.
Students create works of art using a variety of media.
Students create worm bins and begin worm bin activity.
Students create, develop and perform their own musical comedy.
Students create, edit, format, and print various types of documents.
Students create, edit, manipulate and print their own documents.
Students create, illustrate and dramatize their own poetry.
Students create, modify, and present knowledge while organizing their learning using technology.
Students create, research, deconstruct, and evaluate visual images.
Students create, save and retrieve documents.
Students create, shoot, critique and revise personal projects.
Students creates an organizational scheme based on their own criteria.
Students critically analyze and evaluate language.
Students critically analyze current controversial topics about policies and practice issues.
Students critically analyze some of the current changes in gender roles.
Students critically analyze the media.
Students critically appraise the rationale, strengths, and weaknesses of each study.
Students critically assess and practice diverse methods of literary analysis.
Students critically assess issues of aging viewed at their placement site.
Students critically assess their progress and skills acquisitions in the history major.
Students critically consider human problems and strategies for change and transformation.
Students critically consider their own views on diverse topics and compare their views to others.
Students critically discuss the papers and give oral presentations to the class.
Students critically discuss the papers and give oral presentations.
Students critically evaluate and form positions on current issues of national interest.
Students critically evaluate the relationship between instructional design and technology.
Students critically examine a variety of persuasive tests and participate in a compaign simulation.
Students critically examine a variety of persuasive texts and participate in a campaign simulation.
Students critically examine cognitive-behavioral models in depth.
Students critically examine exemplary Web sites where science is presented.
Students critically examine recently published research and evaluate current theory.
Students critically examine relevant texts from a variety of disciplines.
Students critically examine urban environmental issues specific to their city.
Students critically observe oral arguments, which take place only during morning hours .
Students critically read and critique nursing research.
Students critically reflect on experience.
Students critically review data from both human and animal studies.
Students critically review their work, making selections to be placed in their Web portfolios.
Students criticize administration's lack of responsiveness to their concerns.
Students critique a film, event, work of art, or literature.
Students critique a published research study and conduct group research projects.
Students critique actual campaigns and recommend strategic and tactical courses of action.
Students critique and analyze existing works and produce related audio materials in various genres.
Students critique and assist in the research of their colleagues.
Students critique and consider the usefulness of both clinical and systems research in nursing.
Students critique both the artistic and technical merits of the films.
Students critique campus productions in written essays.
Students critique clinical, educational and systems research in nursing.
Students critique current literacy practices and programs within and beyond schools.
Students critique current nursing research and develop a research proposal.
Students critique current radio formats, and create a commercially-viable experimental format.
Students critique drug classification systems.
Students critique each other s work within guidelines established as the course develops.
Students critique each other's presentations and debate contemporary policy issues.
Students critique each other's work and keep journals in which they respond to various images.
Students critique each other's work.
Students critique each peer group s project and provide feedback.
Students critique individual television shows and video programs as works of art and communication.
Students critique on a professor's lecture.
Students critique presentations by other students.
Students critique recordings of jazz greats.
Students critique research and participate in a field research.
Students critique research literature in the communication field.
Students critique the professional literature and write a review.
Students critique the scoring system for Five's a Crowd .
Students critique their classmate s multimedia projects.
Students critique their own methods of supervision.
Students Critique Their Science Practices.
Students critique validity of health information.
Students critique what they have heard.
Students cross a banner-decked bridge, walking back in time to a historical festival atmosphere.
Students cross anywhere they want.
Students cross many academic disciplines in their program of study.
Students cross off things on their list as they hear others mention it.
Students cross out the words on their game board that matches the clue.
Students cross the street several times a day as they move between the east and west buildings.
Students crossing district boundaries to attend school can also create a financial burden.
Students cross-pollinate their own plants using real bees on toothpicks.
Students cross-register for courses at several area universities.
Students crowd around, shouting encouragement, and admiring the slick stylings.
Students crowd the tent to get a better view of the play.
Students crowd together and compete for space and several are squeezed out.
Students cry ripoff in bank machine swap.
Students culminate their exploration experience by designing a final project.
Students cultivate musical perception through a process of repeated and guided listenings.
Students currently attend the course free of charge.
Students currently attending college are eligible.
Students currently benefit from an outdoor wetlands classroom project.
Students currently buy their textbooks almost exclusively from their respective college bookstores.
Students currently feel that enforcement of the current policy is arbitrary and content based.
Students currently following the course are also available for informal conversation.
Students currently graduating from undergraduate and graduate programs also are eligible.
Students currently have a hard time paying tuition at state universities.
Students currently have every right to pray in school now as they choose and when they wish.
Students currently have no email capabilities through our district.
Students currently have seats on two existing committees.
Students currently have to go through banks to receive loans, as well as pay lending service fees.
Students currently live directly across the street from the power plant.
Students currently registered are also eligible.
Students currently sit passively in lecture classes, receiving information.
Students currently take both on an overload basis.
Students currently take four lower-division nursing courses during the freshman and sophomore years.
Students currently use a variety of resources to develop literacy skills.
Students currently use computers for a wide range of educational activities.
Students currently visit the lab every other week for forty-five minutes.
Students currently working in the culinary arts field earn college credit for their work experience.
Students cuss at teachers.
Students customarily obtain positions in public or private universities or community colleges.
Students customarily receive two graduate credits for their coursework.
Students customize schedule with instructor.
Students customize their own meals.
Students cutting into the lunch line are subject to disciplinary action.
Students daily fill out goal sheets for their city and rank their city.
Students daily prepare complete menus emphasizing the current block of study.
Students damage a lot of things in the school, including computers.
Students dance at football and basketball games.
Students dance in ballet shoes, leotard and tights with hair pinned off of face and neck.
Students dance in bare feet and leather-soled shoes.
Students dance performance and art shows are also an important part of campus life.
Students dance primarily with their own partners to develop their own dance style.
Students dance the tango, they talk, and they learn.
Students dance to an English melody.
Students dance to music, using as much of the room as possible.
Students dancing slowly in close proximity represent a solid.
Students dart back and forth without giving the oncoming cars a second thought.
Students deal directly with the owners of the school.
Students deal in depth with concepts, techniques and materials.
Students deal with abstract and realistic approaches in their handling of tools and painting media.
Students deal with authentic texts, recordings, videos, and other images.
Students deal with conflicts at home and on the streets among their friends.
Students deal with disagreement and conflict caused by diversity of opinions and beliefs.
Students deal with every facet of creating a live television show by working in teams.
Students deal with everyday situations that require the use of math.
Students deal with financial planning.
Students deal with international concepts with multinational colleagues.
Students deal with many complicated legal issues, such as leases and financial aid agreements.
Students deal with social relationships which are experienced daily.
Students deal with the practical pastoral and canonical matters involved in marriage preparation.
Students deal with theories as well as actual problem situations.
Students debate abortion as genocide among themselves.
Students debate and justify their estimates verbally and in writing.
Students debate and question the future of family systems in society.
Students debate as two person teams.
Students debate costs versus exploration and environmental concerns, etc.
Students debate different views.
Students debate opposing points of view while developing tolerance of diverse perspectives.
Students debate the affirmative and negative sides of issues.
Students debate the diagnosis of a hypothetical emergency room patient.
Students debate the merits of the legislation presented.
Students debate the place of the family in social policy.
Students debate the pros and cons of different solutions to water management issues.
Students debate the resolutions are awarded prizes.
Students debate whose home country is the best.
Students debate, explore and engage in all aspects of learning.
Students debate, trade jabs, and joke.
Students decide and arrange housing that is suitable to their lifestyle needs and budget.
Students decide as a group how best to graph or display the data.
Students decide during the first year which degree to aim for.
Students decide for themselves which one they like best.
Students decide how many groups to investigate.
Students decide how many levels they wish to take.
Students decide how much mark up and what is a fair price.
Students decide how the work and pay can be fairly shared.
Students decide how to arrange their poems, art, and essays to create the best effect.
Students decide how to design their poster.
Students decide how to do the arranging-there are no right or wrong answers.
Students decide how to present project and assign responsibilities.
Students decide how to present.
Students decide how to test their hypotheses and what materials are needed.
Students decide on a field of concentration by the end of their sophomore year.
Students decide on a problem to solve and sketch a blueprint.
Students decide on a virus to model.
Students decide on and design courses based on interest.
Students decide on best graph for their data.
Students decide on data pertinent for graphing.
Students decide on job assignment for the final product.
Students decide on major related to graduate school, career opportunities, or lifestyle needs.
Students decide on positions, target audience for the magazine, age of the audience.
Students decide on publication style and layout using publishing software.
Students decide on research question that involve the class' two pet mice.
Students decide on the stories that they wish to include in their paper.
Students decide on their own, and many are ill-prepared to do that.
Students decide on their research topics and schedule oral reports on chapters in the textbooks.
Students decide order of shooting.
Students decide the direction of the year-long creek study themselves.
Students decide the prices of the books they sell.
Students decide the start and finish date of their course themselves.
Students decide their own emphases in association with course advisers.
Students decide their own level of readiness to progress deeper.
Students decide their projects.
Students decide to attend law school for a myriad of reasons.
Students decide to create an environmental learning center on campus or in community.
Students decide to seek counseling for many reasons.
Students decide upon a major by the end of the second year of study.
Students decide upon a way to display the data in order to be able to answer the question.
Students decide upon and launch careers from college that influence the remainder of their lives.
Students decide upon the topic with the professor and develop the essay during the fall semester.
Students decide what number on the dice corresponds to what length and then roll the dice.
Students decide what question to write from the material.
Students decide when and where they interact with the course material and each other.
Students decide when to enroll in courses, how to pace their study, and when to take exams.
Students decide whether substances are healthful or harmful for the body.
Students decide whether they want to cooperate or cheat to win gold coins.
Students decide whether to accept or reject an offer.
Students decide whether to be democracies, oligarchies, monarchies, republics, etc.
Students decide which degree they wish to follow during their second year.
Students decide which instructor they wish to fly with.
Students decide which projects to undertake and devise action plans for project completion.
Students decide which roles to play to reach goals.
Students decide which session best meets their schedules.
Students decide which stocks or mutual funds they wish to trade, based on their research and ideas.
Students decide which substances are healthful and harmful for their bodies.
Students decide which test date scores they want reported to colleges.
Students decide which way their positives and negatives are most easily seen together.
Students decide, at all times, what they want to do and what they want to learn.
Students deciding on careers often benefit from speaking with someone in the field.
Students decipher a message written in braille.
Students declare a major during admission and each term during registration.
Students declare a major in the sophomore year.
Students declare a minor by completing the appropriate form available in the dean's office.
Students declare an area of focus when they apply to the program.
Students declare interest in the Aquinas programme at the time of registration.
Students declare minors in the Dean's office of the minor.
Students declare the minor with their major department adviser.
Students declare their majors during the spring semester of their Freshmen year.
Students declare their majors during their third or fourth semesters.
Students decompose larger shapes into simple shapes such as right triangles.
Students decorate a minimum of three cakes.
Students decorate a shoe box into a mini-float showing their research.
Students decorate paper grocery bags for a local food store to share their Earth Day messages.
Students decorate the bags with environmental messages about reuse, recycling, wildlife, etc.
Students decorate the bags with pictures of the Earth, wildlife and environmental issues.
Students decorate the tower during holidays.
Students decorate the walls of the individual houses with Indian symbols.
Students decorate their classroom for the winter holidays using geometric shapes.
Students decorate their own Valentine mailboxes.
Students decorate their page.
Students decorate tin cans, washtubs, etc.
Students decorate T-shirts with favorite poems and accompanying illustrations.
Students decorate T-shirts with quotations and designs.
Students dedicate ten weeks to their project.
Students deduct the total invested from the portfolio's cash value and add to the stock value.
Students deepen their experience of music, creative expression and the role of the arts.
Students deepen their knowledge of more abstract and challenging material.
Students deepen their understanding of concepts and vocabulary words by expanding on definitions.
Students deepen their understanding of numbers and number relationships.
Students deepen their understanding of numbers over a period of many years.
Students deepen their understanding of the gospel and commitment to the kingdom while they are here.
Students defeat themselves ahead of time by stressing out on the workload.
Students defend a base against missile attacks by solving addition or subtraction problems.
Students defend proposals based on analytical and design criteria.
Students defend their dissertation at a final examination.
Students defend their thesis before a committee made up from faculty members of the department.
Students defend their thesis before a thesis defense committee.
Students defend their thesis on campus at the end of the program.
Students defend their thesis or dissertation in a final oral examination.
Students defend their thesis work in a public departmental seminar.
Students deferring all or part of their contribution make repayments through the tax system.
Students define a concentration area in consultation with their advisor.
Students define a potential dissertation topic, survey the literature, and present it in class.
Students define a problem from a different perspective.
Students define affirmative action and discuss an effective affirmative action plan.
Students define and develop a particular area of pastoral interest and expertise.
Students define and implement an organization's vision, mission, goals, objectives, and values.
Students define and understand imports and exports .
Students define binge drinking based on how much they drink themselves.
Students define community and look at their own school as an example.
Students define conservation, then split into groups and list conservation measures and benefits.
Students define control system objectives for a hardware system.
Students define criteria for selecting and evaluating folk tales and fairy tales for performance.
Students define dissertation topics and subsequent research and writing.
Students define elements of a research database and create codebooks.
Students define it and talk about what happens to it.
Students define objectives, plan programmes and keep reflective logs.
Students define processes with both graphic and narrative elements.
Students define stereotype.
Students define the project and utilize appropriate methodology.
Students define the structure of a Web page using tables, and create an interactive form.
Students define the term colony.
Students define the values in their own words.
Students define the what, where, and how of resolving the problem situation.
Students define the word inauguration.
Students define their career goals, and are exposed to professionals in the field of computing.
Students define their individual values and purpose.
Students define their own field concentrations in consultation with their faculty advisors.
Students define their own objectives, in consultation with the faculty.
Students define their own topic areas with the advice and approval of the director of the program.
Students define what is right for themselves.
Students define what word or phrase is causing difficulty with comprehension.
Students define, measure, and work with the properties of one, two, and three dimensional objects.
Students define, research and articulate their work through an accompanying research paper.
Students definitely go through a change in awareness here.
Students definitely leave our classes more skilled and comfortable with presentation technology.
Students definitely notice when their classmates are involved in research.
Students deform a triangle, rectangle or hexagon to form a polygon that tiles the plane.
Students delegate tasks by organizing the group with duties for each member.
Students delight in finding each letter of the alphabet.
Students delight in seeing their hard work recognized and acknowledged.
Students deliver a variety of persuasive speeches.
Students deliver child-centered and parent education programs in community housing.
Students deliver dialogues and read scripts.
Students deliver informative and persuasive speeches that are individually reviewed.
Students deliver local newscasts regularly. .
Students deliver oral presentations and write academic papers in A rabic.
Students deliver oral presentations and write academic papers in Arabic.
Students deliver research presentations that convey clear and accurate perspectives on the subject.
Students deliver short talks on subjects they have chosen and read about.
Students deliver speeches in class for evaluation.
Students deliver their own prepared speeches as the culmination of their work.
Students deliver their products and share with members of their community.
Students delve into issues of revisitionist history.
Students delve more deeply into the structure of the real number system.
Students demand band's removal from concert line-up.
Students demand more hands-on learning, and image processing is always fresh, never stale.
Students demand quick access to the calendar, assignments, and activities.
Students demand supportive supervision with regular, constructive feedback.
Students demand technical help beyond the scope of the course.
Students demand the latest technology.
Students demand to earn course credit by challenge testing out of massive numbers of courses.
Students demonstate a sound understanding of the nature and operation of technology.
Students demonstrably profit from exposure to a diverse faculty.
Students demonstrate a basic knowledge of Roman philosophy, literature, and religion.
Students demonstrate a certain understanding of the operation of technology systems.
Students demonstrate a command of basic writing skills in all written work.
Students demonstrate a comprehensive understanding of materials and technologies.
Students demonstrate a high degree of respect for authority and for one another.
Students demonstrate a high level of confidence that engineering is the right major.
Students demonstrate a knowledge of earth's structure and history.
Students demonstrate a partial understanding of subject matters and solve some simple problems.
Students demonstrate a sense of responsibility to the community.
Students demonstrate a set of marketable skills which enhance career options.
Students demonstrate a set of marketable skills, which enhance career options.
Students demonstrate a sound understanding of the nature and operation of technology system.
Students demonstrate a sound understanding of the nature and operation of technology systems.
Students demonstrate a successful career in chemistry whether In post-graduate careers or Industry.
Students demonstrate a wide variety of learning styles.
Students demonstrate abilities to write short biographies.
Students demonstrate ability in following directions.
Students demonstrate ability to follow directions.
Students demonstrate ability to read a table.
Students demonstrate achievements in a variety of ways.
Students demonstrate activity.
Students demonstrate advanced multimedia production skills through assigned projects and exams.
Students demonstrate an ability to make aesthetic judgments.
Students demonstrate an ability to organize musical ideas and sounds creatively.
Students demonstrate an appreciation for the environment.
Students demonstrate an interest in a particular job or business.
Students demonstrate an understanding of and a proficiency with calculations.
Students demonstrate an understanding of and proficiency with calculations.
Students demonstrate an understanding of and responsibility for global and environmental issues.
Students demonstrate an understanding of arithmetic and geometric sequences and series.
Students demonstrate an understanding of axiomatic, transformational and projective geometry.
Students demonstrate an understanding of decimals and simple fractions.
Students demonstrate an understanding of numerical relationships and quantitative concepts.
Students demonstrate an understanding of quantity and measurement by comparing size.
Students demonstrate an understanding of the aesthetics of language.
Students demonstrate an understanding of the emotional effects of the Holocaust.
Students demonstrate an understanding of the music's historical and cultural contexts.
Students demonstrate an understanding of words in context.
Students demonstrate appropriate shot-making abilities.
Students demonstrate assertiveness, advocacy and stress management techniques and skills.
Students demonstrate awareness of renewable and non-renewable resources used in agriculture.
Students demonstrate basic techniques of couple therapy with actual clients.
Students demonstrate basic water safety and survival skills.
Students demonstrate career-planning skills.
Students demonstrate cleanliness activities.
Students demonstrate combative skills at the advanced and intermediate level.
Students demonstrate comfort and confidence in the ability to move in space and engage in games.
Students demonstrate commitment to group goals.
Students demonstrate competence in general skills and strategies for reading literature.
Students demonstrate competence in speaking and listening as tools for learning and communicating .
Students demonstrate competence in speaking and listening as tools for learning and communicating.
Students demonstrate competence in speaking and listening as tools for learning and communication.
Students demonstrate competence in standard English.
Students demonstrate competence in the general skills and strategies of the reading process.
Students demonstrate competence in the general skills and strategies of the writing process.
Students demonstrate competence in the general skills and uses of word processing.
Students demonstrate competencies identified by the mentoring committee.
Students demonstrate competency and obtain professional job experience during a one-year internship.
Students demonstrate competency in many movement forms and proficiency in a few movement forms.
Students demonstrate competency in physical fitness.
Students demonstrate competency in using communication and information networks and software.
Students demonstrate competent skills in a variety of physical activities and sports.
Students demonstrate consensus decision making.
Students demonstrate constructive ways to resolve conflict.
Students demonstrate continuous academic progress in English without special instruction in English.
Students demonstrate creative thinking skills in creating a poster.
Students demonstrate creative-thinking and speaking skills.
Students demonstrate critical and creative thinking skills in writing letters.
Students demonstrate critical thinking and creative thinking skills in developing a new amendment.
Students demonstrate critical thinking skills by interpreting information at a deeper level.
Students demonstrate diffusion of iodine through a plastic bag 'membrane'.
Students demonstrate effective use of computer-mediated learning software designed for their age.
Students demonstrate effective use of skills on input devices.
Students demonstrate effectiveness.
Students demonstrate effects of osteoporosis.
Students demonstrate effects of tobacco use.
Students demonstrate employability skills.
Students demonstrate equivalent fractions using pattern blocks.
Students demonstrate ethical professional behavior.
Students demonstrate exceptional skills in listening, speaking , reading and writing.
Students demonstrate exceptional talent.
Students demonstrate facility with the language, always aware of audience, purpose, and occasion.
Students demonstrate general apathy, absence of practical work ethic, and lack of confidence.
Students demonstrate glass blowing, casting and coldworking procedures.
Students demonstrate good work habits in and out or the classroom.
Students demonstrate health-related knowledge, attitudes, and practices.
Students demonstrate how physical activity affects the heart.
Students demonstrate how they use energy.
Students demonstrate in Tirana, Albania.
Students demonstrate increased independence when using technological tools.
Students demonstrate increased motivation toward work when using technological tools.
Students demonstrate interpersonal skills related to the workplace.
Students demonstrate keyboarding proficiency in technique and posture while building speed.
Students demonstrate knowledge about lightning.
Students demonstrate knowledge and skill in dance.
Students demonstrate knowledge and skill in drama.
Students demonstrate knowledge and skill in movement.
Students demonstrate knowledge and skills appropriate to the activity.
Students demonstrate knowledge and skills necessary to perform scientific inquiry.
Students demonstrate knowledge gained in a hands on demonstration.
Students demonstrate knowledge of selected facts of the history and geography of the ancient world.
Students demonstrate knowledge of the historical periods and cultural diversity of music.
Students demonstrate knowledge of the legal and ethical uses of computers as tools in our society.
Students demonstrate knowledge of the newspaper by creating their own.
Students demonstrate learning in videotaped role playing.
Students demonstrate mastery of knowledge in a variety of degree assessment areas.
Students demonstrate mastery of the content area as presented.
Students demonstrate minimum levels of proficiency.
Students demonstrate movement along fault lines using plasticine or other common materials.
Students demonstrate nonverbal messages.
Students demonstrate opinions.
Students demonstrate our high code of conduct and standards for learning daily.
Students demonstrate peer pressure.
Students demonstrate positive growth in self-concept through appropriate tasks or projects.
Students demonstrate proficiency by completing laboratory assignments.
Students demonstrate proficiency by completing programming assignments for business applications.
Students demonstrate proficiency in business computing and problem solving skills.
Students demonstrate proficiency in physical fitness.
Students demonstrate proficiency in the use of the English language.
Students demonstrate reading comprehension by interpreting the meaning of passages they read.
Students demonstrate refusal strategies.
Students demonstrate relationships between music, the other arts, and disciplines outside the arts.
Students demonstrate research skills using the Internet and library sources.
Students demonstrate responsibility and enhance student safety.
Students demonstrate responsibility for their own actions and behaviour.
Students demonstrate role-play.
Students demonstrate safe behavior with unknown objects.
Students demonstrate self-directed applications of creativity tools through independent projects.
Students demonstrate self-discipline in providing a good presentation.
Students demonstrate skills and work habits that lead to success in future schooling and work.
Students demonstrate skills at a higher level of performance.
Students demonstrate skills by actual driving under simulated conditions.
Students demonstrate skills for developing successful relationships.
Students demonstrate skills they have learned at the internship site in the classroom.
Students demonstrate some understanding that caring for a dog is a big responsibility.
Students demonstrate sophisticated understanding of one area of study.
Students demonstrate specific knowledge and basic skills competencies in a real-life setting.
Students demonstrate strategies for becoming and remaining mentally and emotionally healthy.
Students demonstrate success in reading.
Students demonstrate supervision and teaching competencies.
Students demonstrate synthesis of course content and research skills through a research project.
Students demonstrate system's techniques with actual clients.
Students demonstrate talent.
Students demonstrate teaching strategies under supervision.
Students demonstrate technological literacy for productivity in the workplace.
Students demonstrate the ability to access health care services.
Students demonstrate the ability to administer and interpret selected psychological tests.
Students demonstrate the ability to advocate for personal, family, and community health.
Students demonstrate the ability to analyze problems and issues at a deeper and more complex level.
Students demonstrate the ability to follow directions.
Students demonstrate the ability to manipulate a variety of objects in personal space.
Students demonstrate the ability to perceive, perform, and respond to music.
Students demonstrate the ability to practice health-enhancing behaviors and reduce health risks.
Students demonstrate the ability to properly identify, organize, plan, and allocate resources.
Students demonstrate the ability to properly identify,organize, plan, and allocate resources.
Students demonstrate the ability to solve problems within the context of everyday experience.
Students demonstrate the ability to use interpersonal communication skills to enhance health.
Students demonstrate the ability to use the dictionary and thesaurus in the editing process.
Students demonstrate the ability to work safely with a variety of technologies.
Students demonstrate the above concepts and laboratory techniques in the laboratory.
Students demonstrate the above concepts and laboratory techniques.
Students demonstrate the application of the microcomputer through laboratory projects.
Students demonstrate the appropriate and safe use of a variety of art materials and technologies.
Students demonstrate the competence in basic comprehension, vocabulary, and critical reading skills.
Students demonstrate the correct technique for fundamental locomotor, and nonlocomotor skills.
Students demonstrate the effective use of the scientific method in solving research problems.
Students demonstrate the knowledge necessary to participate in physical activity.
Students demonstrate the knowledge of factors important to participation in physical activity.
Students demonstrate the knowledge, skills and competencies of an informatics nurse specialist.
Students demonstrate the legal and ethical issues related to mass communications in our society.
Students demonstrate the proper methods of processing animals or their products for human food.
Students demonstrate the skill to families.
Students demonstrate the skills necessary to engage in scientific inquiry.
Students demonstrate the skills of track and field activities.
Students demonstrate the skills to be responsible consumers.
Students demonstrate the stages that individuals pass through to become proficient at a motor skill.
Students demonstrate the system s viability in class.
Students demonstrate the technology they've learned to use and show off projects they've completed.
Students demonstrate the use of a variety of tools to show the power of the presentation media.
Students demonstrate the use of generalities and a limited vocabulary.
Students demonstrate the work which was done during that quarter.
Students demonstrate their ability to apply what they know by performing it.
Students demonstrate their ability to communicate by writing essays.
Students demonstrate their ability to develop unit plans, block calendars, and lesson plans.
Students demonstrate their ability to support their opinions using a variety of published material.
Students demonstrate their ability to work in groups.
Students demonstrate their achievement in recitals at the end of each semester.
Students demonstrate their competence primarily by writing and revising short papers.
Students demonstrate their completed web pages to the class from the instructor's computer.
Students demonstrate their comprehension skills on tests over books they have read.
Students demonstrate their current knowledge of and interest in stock markets.
Students demonstrate their expertise in various jobs around the community.
Students demonstrate their grasp of economic theory, and their writing abilities.
Students demonstrate their knowledge by analysing and simulating network configurations.
Students demonstrate their knowledge of Latin terminology in the social sciences and history.
Students demonstrate their knowledge of theory in both written and oral forms.
Students demonstrate their knowledge through classroom and public exhibitions of their work.
Students demonstrate their learning in a scholarly paper submitted to faculty for approval.
Students demonstrate their learning through the use of technology.
Students demonstrate their skills and receive continued coaching on their stance and swing.
Students demonstrate their sociological knowledge by writing answers to four questions.
Students demonstrate their understanding by making the same type of clothing for their dolls.
Students demonstrate their understanding by recording the vet's advice as an annotated drawing.
Students demonstrate their understanding by servicing and repairing vehicles.
Students demonstrate their understanding of computers and software by hands-on activities.
Students demonstrate their understanding of the role of family and community in child education.
Students demonstrate their understanding of their proposals with final oral and written reports.
Students demonstrate their yearly progress in a recital performance or a recording.
Students demonstrate to teacher a working version of project in both browsers and on both platforms.
Students demonstrate typing proficiency using a computer keyboard.
Students demonstrate understanding by explaining the procedures they use to reach their solutions.
Students demonstrate understanding of an axiomatic system, and the nature of proof.
Students demonstrate understanding of and facility working with sequences, series, and matrices.
Students demonstrate understanding of basic map concepts.
Students demonstrate understanding of change concepts on patterns and functions.
Students demonstrate understanding of change over time.
Students demonstrate understanding of Earth's diversity.
Students demonstrate understanding of form and meaning in dance.
Students demonstrate understanding of how to apply their knowledge of design to a real life problem.
Students demonstrate understanding of organisms and their environments.
Students demonstrate understanding of physical positions on Earth.
Students demonstrate understanding of plane and solid geometric objects.
Students demonstrate understanding of syllabication by counting syllables with blocks.
Students demonstrate understanding of the economic roles of government in a market-oriented economy.
Students demonstrate using local health care system.
Students demonstrate well-developed ensemble skills and perform in small ensembles.
Students demonstrate what they have learned by building a computer network in the laboratory.
Students demonstrates acceptable understanding of content.
Students demonstrating a high level of competence can work through the curriculum at a faster pace.
Students demonstrating an interest in nutrition are preferred.
Students demonstrating radical or abnormal behavior often require professional help.
Students depart after evening exhibition and reception.
Students depart during spring break to take part in a pre-semester orientation session.
Students depart Excursion dates and places are tentative and subject to change.
Students depend on consistent scheduling practices so they can complete assignments on time.
Students depend on context and personal connections to help the research skills stick.
Students depend on each other to make on-time statements so that they can complete their own work.
Students depend on paper too much.
Students depend on parents and the community to contribute to their learning.
Students depend on scholarships as well as loans to meet the cost of education.
Students depend on the internet to check email and surf for information.
Students depend on the resident hall labs because they are open longer.
Students depend on their teachers for more than just schoolwork.
Students depend on timely responses to their mail.
Students depend on volunteers to show up as scheduled for each of the planned activities.
Students depend too much on ink.
Students depend too much on store bought ink.
Students depend too much upon ink.
Students depend upon faculty recommendations when applying for jobs or graduate school.
Students depend upon paper too much.
Students depict information and relationships by constructing diagrams, charts, and graphs.
Students deploy the model to solve real-world problems, often by a lab practicum .
Students deposit funds into the account or are billed quarterly.
Students deposit homestay fees with the school district.
Students derive a decision-making model.
Students derive benefits from cooperative purchasing of supplies.
Students derive equations, create graphs, and make predictions about future trends.
Students derive implications, form conclusions, or draw generalizations based on their inquiry.
Students derive meaning from artworks through analysis, interpretation and judgement.
Students derive satisfaction from achievement.
Students derive the relationship between force, mass, and acceleration.
Students derive the summation formulas for arithmetic series, finite and infinite geometric series.
Students derive the unique benefits of learning in a yeshiva environment.
Students derive their code from state machines they develop in one of the lecture sessions.
Students derive updated calibration factors for their school instruments.
Students descend the rocks to examine a fault.
Students describe a balanced diet.
Students describe a day in their own life.
Students describe a new outfit bought for a special occasion.
Students describe a principal who is dedicated, passionate and fun.
Students describe and compare real-world phenomena using either direct or indirect measurement.
Students describe and interpret the data.
Students describe and represent relations using tables, graphs, equations, and word statements.
Students describe and tell time using major units on clocks and calendars.
Students describe basic differences.
Students describe California's four regions by looking for movie locations.
Students describe cell structure and function.
Students describe characters.
Students describe differences.
Students describe each image and the feelings it elicits.
Students describe factors that affect the use of various methods of communication.
Students describe functions.
Students describe how art skills can be applied to a variety of careers.
Students describe how it felt to be pressured or to be persuasive.
Students describe how plants use water to grow.
Students describe how they use natural resources in their everyday lives.
Students describe individual, cultural, and historical styles in art.
Students describe interesting findings and ask questions of the student who submitted the article.
Students describe investigations.
Students describe minerals in terms of properties such as luster, hardness, and streak color.
Students describe necessary steps.
Students describe objects by their physical properties such as color, size, shape and weight.
Students describe other situations where size order occurs.
Students describe potential energy diagrams and contrast classical and quantum phenomena.
Students describe Reis in almost mantra-like terms as a compassionate and committed teacher.
Students describe results from the product evaluation stage of the technological design process.
Students describe situations using mathematical models.
Students describe specific types of stress which affect their lives.
Students describe steps.
Students describe the American Indian nations in their local region long ago and in the recent past.
Students describe the characteristics of and variations between living and nonliving things.
Students Describe the criteria and procedures for admission to the proposed program.
Students describe the differences and similarities between the two stories.
Students describe the differences between the two groups in the story.
Students describe the experience as some of the most demanding, and best days of their life.
Students describe the function of the cardiorespiratory system as it relates to exercise.
Students describe the influence of geography on events of the past and present.
Students describe the life processes common to all living things.
Students describe the main events in that scene.
Students describe the major stages in the life cycles of selected plants and animals.
Students describe the material as clear and organized, delivered with a dose of good humor.
Students describe the pattern.
Students describe the positive effects of self-esteem on their everyday lives.
Students describe the problem by collecting facts.
Students describe the purposes for which sandpaintings are made.
Students describe the relationship between distance and time correctly.
Students describe the rights and individual responsibilities of citizenship.
Students describe the role of the environment in shaping Aboriginal cultures.
Students describe the setting in the story.
Students describe the sounds produced and explain how each material affected how the sound traveled.
Students describe the stages of the life cycle by writing a paragraph for each one.
Students describe the textures they feel without looking.
Students describe the ways art makers have been influenced by their contemporaries.
Students describe their favorite teacher using correct adjectives.
Students describe their findings in a written report.
Students describe their own town or city.
Students describe their own villages.
Students describe their personal perceptions of aquatic ecosystems in their journals.
Students describe their prints, especially where the bubbles meet.
Students describe their project in a report and present a seminar.
Students describe their reasoning process in developing solutions to problems.
Students describe their research in a report.
Students describe their school day to the members of their group.
Students describe their thinking and share their strategies.
Students describe their work using proper art vocabulary.
Students describe themselves, their families, and their present and future activities.
Students describe thoughts.
Students describe to their partner the attribute which they used for sorting.
Students describe topographic features associated with earth movements.
Students describe trade-offs and create a graphic.
Students describe trends.
Students describe two difficulties in obtaining information about the universe.
Students describe uses of natural resources.
Students describe ways to participate in the art-related activities of their community.
Students describe ways viruses causing diseases and conditions.
Students describe Western as a friendly, welcoming community with an engaging academic environment.
Students describe Western as an engaging academic environment and a friendly, welcoming community.
Students describe what is happening in a sequence of pictures such as cartoons.
Students describe what life is really like on a variety of campus types.
Students describe what seems to be typical for a set of data and are introduced to the median.
Students describe what they do when they go outside for physical education.
Students describe what they observe to the radio audience.
Students describe what they see.
Students describe where coyotes live and describe the coyote's diet.
Students describe who they think they are.
Students describe, analyze, interpret and evaluate works of art.
Students describe, analyze, interpret, and derive meaning from works in theatre.
Students describe, draw, or identify the insects, using hand lenses and field guides as appropriate.
Students describe, extend and explain how to get to the next element in simple repeating patterns.
Students describe, extend, analyze, and create a wide variety of patterns.
Students describe, predict, investigate, analyze, and explain phenomena.
Students describe, summarize, explain, and discuss practicable subjects.
Students describe, summarize, explain, and discuss practical subjects.
Students deserve a comfortable learning environment.
Students deserve a consistent, universal grading system.
Students deserve a first-class public university.
Students deserve a fresh approach.
Students deserve a friendly system when they seek information about financial aid and apply for it.
Students deserve a precinct of their own.
Students deserve a quality educational that promotes lifelong learning.
Students deserve a quiet, professional work environment and providing such a place is our goal.
Students deserve a safe environment in which to learn.
Students deserve a safe, positive, nurturing environment.
Students deserve an orderly environment Students deserve a positive classrooms.
Students deserve better opportunities in a world that changes too often, too quickly.
Students deserve better.
Students deserve encouragement for their achievements.
Students deserve more attention and enthusiasm than that.
Students deserve more than a band-aid solution.
Students deserve nothing less.
Students deserve opportunities to succeed.
Students deserve respect, acceptance and encouragement.
Students deserve some variety to spice up each long day at school.
Students deserve special recognition for their hard work and dedication.
Students deserve teachers who possess both.
Students deserve the best from their teachers.
Students deserve the best in arts materials and instruction.
Students deserve the best technology exposure possible.
Students deserve the best.
Students deserve the opportunity to attend charter schools that are innovative and visionary.
Students deserve the opportunity to explore the relationship in the context of a science class.
Students deserve the opportunity to learn that they have worked so hard to get.
Students deserve the right to voice their perspectives before spending money on a luxury product.
Students deserve the very best.
Students deserve to be assessed on their range of demonstrated abilities.
Students deserve to be free from fear of harassment or physical abuse.
Students deserve to be taught the most current and accurate information available.
Students deserve to be taught using the technologies widely available outside the university.
Students deserve to be treated fairly and equally.
Students deserve to be treated fairly, and fairness earns respect.
Students deserve to be treated with respect.
Students deserve to get the most out of their money and their time.
Students deserve to have credible role models to emulate and trust.
Students deserve to know about the faked illustrations in their textbooks.
Students deserve to know all the aspects of farm life.
Students deserve to know what exactly what they are going to get in return for their money.
Students deserve to know what is really going on and why.
Students deserve to know where their money is going before they start emptying their pockets.
Students design a basic power generator.
Students design a bulletin board to show the interactions of a grassland ecosystem.
Students design a cartouche using hieroglyphics.
Students design a classroom flounder adapted to their specific classroom.
Students design a compiler for a subset of a high-level programming language.
Students design a complete workable mechanism or component parts of a machine.
Students design a concentration that focuses on an Arabic or Hebrew language and culture.
Students design a data table and record respective heights.
Students design a draft of their degree proposals.
Students design a DSS as a semester project.
Students design a family-oriented application area in consultation with their adviser.
Students design a field study that meets their personal goals.
Students design a fitness program for teens, young adults, middle age, and active retirement.
Students design a flip book listing the setting, characters, and plot and illustrate each category.
Students design a food service facility and hotel guest room using interior design concepts.
Students design a foodservice facility and hotel guest room using interior design concepts.
Students design a home for an animal after determining the elements it needs for survival.
Students design a landscape irrigation system.
Students design a major research study for a product or a company.
Students design a mission to fulfill their own research goal for Mars.
Students design a model car using an assortment of craft supplies.
Students design a model city from a comprehensive plan.
Students design a new network architecture, protocol or algorithm.
Students design a personal program of study in consultation with a faculty advisor.
Students design a poster supporting or opposing an event in history.
Students design a poster that tells one way the sun is useful and one way the sun is harmful.
Students design a practice plan for each stage of learning a motor skill.
Students design a practice plan for learning a skill they have never done before.
Students design a printed circuit board and manufacture and test the final model.
Students design a program tailored to their career goals in consultation with faculty advisors.
Students design a program that suits their specific interests, talents, and career aspirations.
Students design a project to work with government officials on over the course of the summer.
Students design a project using real data from work or fabricated data.
Students design a project with input from faculty.
Students design a prototype program that addresses a particular family issue.
Students design a qualitative study for their area of clinical specialization.
Students design a reading project with input from faculty.
Students design a response sheet to gather market research information about the designs.
Students design a rubric, based on teacher guidance.
Students design a sequence of springs in forward, backward and sideways directions.
Students design a sign using a hexagon.
Students design a skit or play that illustrates various cultural beliefs about eclipses.
Students design a small study.
Students design a specific research project for application.
Students design a structure or device that they can actually build.
Students design a survey on how natural resource are used in the classroom.
Students design a three-week project to be completed after the end of classes.
Students design a tower that holds as great a load as possible.
Students design a truss for the structure as part of a design competition.
Students design a vehicle to travel around the world.
Students design a water-quality lab investigation.
Students design a weekly schedule to visit the lab and complete lessons on the computer.
Students design algorithms to obtain programming solutions.
Students design all flexural members in the roof framing system.
Students design an accordion book of historic events.
Students design an application area in consultation with their adviser.
Students design an aquatic food chain and food web.
Students design an educational internet site that can be used an a teaching or learning tool.
Students design an eight session group for use in their area of specialization.
Students design an experiment to investigate the effect of the environment on seedling color.
Students design an experiment to study the effects of one or more variables on an object.
Students design an independent research project in consultation with a faculty mentor.
Students design an individual museum project tailored to their interests.
Students design an individual museum project that is tailored to their interests.
Students design an integrated control system to solve an industrial problem.
Students design an interrelationship map that shows the connections of some niches.
Students design an invention that uses more than one simple machine.
Students design an overall stress management strategy.
Students design and apply screen form files for data entry.
Students design and apply their own makeup.
Students design and begin to carry out their own research projects.
Students design and build a model of a future city.
Students design and build a structure for the indigenous community.
Students design and build an electronic game.
Students design and build bright red decorative miniature wooden wagons for the holiday season.
Students design and build circuits which are found in many common laboratory instruments.
Students design and build database solutions to common business problems.
Students design and build miniature computer controlled chemical plants.
Students design and build model structures that can reduce the risks associated with earthquakes.
Students design and build new canoes every year.
Students design and build small storage sheds in contextual learning environment.
Students design and build the cabinets for the houses that the carpentry students construct.
Students design and build their own experiments using a modular type of optical research kit.
Students design and build their own instruments from raw materials.
Students design and build their own portfolio.
Students design and build their own rockets to take home.
Students design and build their own totem poles.
Students design and carry out a field research project, generally as part of their practicum.
Students design and carry out a research project and prepare a final research report.
Students design and carry out a small-scale, locally based fieldwork project.
Students design and carry out activities and experiences for children.
Students design and carry out actual research projects and produce final client reports.
Students design and carry out experiments to answer questions raised in class.
Students design and carry out experiments to answer the questions raised in class.
Students design and carry out investigations to answer questions and solve problems.
Students design and carry out original research on a topic of their choice.
Students design and carry out research in the setting of the placement.
Students design and carry out research projects in consultation with the instructor.
Students design and carry out research projects requiring linguistic field work.
Students design and carry out the investigation.
Students design and carry out their own research project for their portfolio.
Students design and carve a basic sculpture.
Students design and code the computer algorithms discussed in class.
Students design and complete a research project proposal using critical methods.
Students design and complete practical exercises.
Students design and complete programming projects based on algorithms discussed in class.
Students design and completetheir own experiments to answer questions which arise in the course.
Students design and conduct a media effects research project.
Students design and conduct a network study.
Students design and conduct a pilot study analyzing human movement utilizing biomechanical analysis.
Students design and conduct a reading project or a research project in an area of biology.
Students design and conduct a reading project or research project in an area of biology.
Students design and conduct a research project.
Students design and conduct a study using a computer database of child speech.
Students design and conduct an actual network study.
Students design and conduct an empirical project.
Students design and conduct an experiment on human memory as the major course project.
Students design and conduct experiments and write reports.
Students design and conduct experiments both within their courses and outside of the classroom.
Students design and conduct experiments individually or in groups.
Students design and conduct experiments.
Students design and conduct independent investigations in their first biology laboratory course.
Students design and conduct independent projects under faculty supervision.
Students design and conduct investigations as they pursue a line of questioning.
Students design and conduct research projects under the supervision of academic advisors.
Students design and conduct research under instructor supervision.
Students design and conduct several different types of research projects is included.
Students design and construct a bird feeding station they can view from a classroom window.
Students design and construct a gliding aircraft.
Students design and construct a large digital system.
Students design and construct a small compiler.
Students design and construct a solar cooker.
Students design and construct a translator for a language of their own choosing.
Students design and construct measurement systems and perform tests.
Students design and construct mobile robots as a final project.
Students design and construct original garments by draping fabric on the dress form.
Students design and construct original musical instruments, as well as adapt existing ones.
Students design and construct race cars from materials that are usually discarded.
Students design and construct the polling site for the optional vote.
Students design and create a map-mural that tracks community waste from beginning to end.
Students design and create a round tile installation.
Students design and create a soup pot, discussing issues of size and volume.
Students design and create an interactive multimedia product.
Students design and create artworks in plaster, cardboard, and clay.
Students design and create ceramic plates, cups, bowls and other forms of functional pottery.
Students design and create containers for their personal art supplies and artwork.
Students design and create documents in word processing, spreadsheets, and database.
Students design and create earrings, pendants, rings, boxes, perfume bottles, etc.
Students design and create interactive computer entertainment devices.
Students design and create math and science related board games for museum visitors to play.
Students design and create multimedia documents using computer-based authoring tools.
Students design and create the basic structures in their planned city.
Students design and create their posters, focussing on their 'angle'.
Students design and create working applications using a popular business data base program.
Students design and decorate their doll pins to depict a main character for their story.
Students design and develop a professional resume which shows their experiences and training.
Students design and develop applications.
Students design and develop patterns and test fit garments for a basic wardrobe.
Students design and develop solutions to more challenging situations and problems.
Students design and develop their own module of online communication.
Students design and develop their own module of online information.
Students design and draw a set of house plans and develop a presentation plan.
Students design and draw the complete plans for a house.
Students design and evaluate a simple experiment.
Students design and evaluate a training module using principles taught in the course.
Students design and evaluate an educational program.
Students design and execute a large group programming project.
Students design and execute an exit research project.
Students design and execute maps of publishable quality.
Students design and execute research projects under supervision.
Students design and execute their own projects.
Students design and formulate a research project related to a health issue.
Students design and implement a database using current technology.
Students design and implement a distributed database application.
Students design and implement a monitoring and surveillance program.
Students design and implement a project using a traditional approach.
Students design and implement a project.
Students design and implement a qualitative research project.
Students design and implement a research project in an area of media studies.
Students design and implement a research project.
Students design and implement a simple compiler.
Students design and implement a water-related project in their community.
Students design and implement advertising campaigns for selected organizations.
Students design and implement an actual compiler during a two-term course sequence.
Students design and implement an instructional leadership plan.
Students design and implement circuit designs and assembly language programs.
Students design and implement curriculum plans and assess individual child and group progress.
Students design and implement educational programs for elementary school children.
Students design and implement interactive graphical models.
Students design and implement investigations to address and attempt to answer their questions.
Students design and implement numerous types of digital filters in the lab.
Students design and implement portions of a three-dimensional graphics package.
Students design and implement programs.
Students design and implement prototype interfaces to applications provided by the instructor.
Students design and implement research projects relevant to nursing knowledge and practice.
Students design and implement several programs.
Students design and implement their own research projects and report the results.
Students design and implement their own self-improvement projects.
Students design and improve technology through problem solving activities.
Students design and make individual projects in jewelry, hollowware and utilitarian objects.
Students design and make the blade, handle and sheath of a carving knife.
Students design and operate automated systems.
Students design and participate in producing a formal dance production.
Students design and populate a database using a relational database program.
Students design and produce a project involving operations on basic machines.
Students design and produce a school-based currency and operate a banking system.
Students design and produce business cards, memo pads, and custom stationery.
Students design and produce CAI programs using authoring systems for computers.
Students design and produce digital print documents ready for the press.
Students design and produce listening tests which they later administer and score.
Students design and produce one significant program or element, individually or in pairs.
Students design and produce radio announcing and talk show projects.
Students design and produce short television programs.
Students design and produce their own work and work in teams for group productions.
Students design and set up an outdoor solar system model using just one scale.
Students design and teach a module that includes class discussion and hands-on learning.
Students design and test a neuroprosthesis.
Students design and use group initiative games.
Students design and write a software prototype as a group design project.
Students design and write complex programs.
Students design and write intermediate sized programs.
Students design both generic and story-specific stills.
Students design campaign posters and speeches to support their election.
Students design complex nursing systems to assist adults to attain and maintain maximum health.
Students design creative or scholarly research projects, often in their majors.
Students design different-colored patterns to give texture and color to the dinosaurs.
Students design educational programs for their specific backgrounds, learning styles and goals.
Students design experiments to test.
Students design for both print and screen media.
Students design geographical aspects of island.
Students design hypothesis.
Students design individual plans of study in consultation with appropriate faculty.
Students design individual programs in a range of fields.
Students design individual programs, combining coursework in two chosen fields.
Students design individual writing projects with instructor approval.
Students design infant intervention programs.
Students design lot and building arrangements and streets.
Students design many projects derived from cultures of other countries.
Students design on campus and off campus both locally and beyond.
Students design one of more self-directed learning experiences.
Students design or assess a sustainable development program in a selected local-regional setting.
Students design or create their own narrative of the trip they took.
Students design original scripted multimedia projects.
Students design personal physical fitness programs to meet individual needs.
Students design posters to advocate keeping water safe and clean.
Students design research project focusing on African and African American experiences and issues.
Students design several clothing and accessory articles as well as a fashion illustration portfolio.
Students design several transportation facilities individually, and as a member of a design team.
Students design small systems.
Students design spaces to meet the physical and psychological needs of future clients.
Students design studies to address important health problems.
Students design the content of the second part of the course.
Students design the delivery of culturally appropriate nursing care.
Students design the drive systems by choosing the motor and battery components.
Students design the next generation of South Pole Stations.
Students design the process for reaching a solution.
Students design the project according to their interests and the organizations needs.
Students design the project in teams and the implementation is done in the semester.
Students design the specifications and documentation for a complete system.
Students design the survey and create all questions to gather pertinent information.
Students design the text and graphics for district schools and Utah Valley businesses.
Students design the traditional shaped portrait mask with pencil on poster board.
Students design the units to be produced using plaster molds.
Students design the webpages, with thematic and technical guidance from the teacher.
Students design theatrical costumes appropriate to various periods.
Students design their Databases on paper and then using drawing tools.
Students design their dream homes.
Students design their flexible clusters of expertise in consultation with their tutors.
Students design their game for a particular audience or age level.
Students design their habitats and carefully label all necessary parts and materials.
Students design their individual programs in consultation with their advisor and doctoral committee.
Students design their major individually around a specific focus.
Students design their major programs in consultation with a faculty adviser in the department.
Students design their news page and cut the mock up paper to fit their created news page.
Students design their own academic programs with the assistance of a faculty adviser.
Students design their own academic programs with the assistance of a faculty advisor.
Students design their own area of specialization.
Students design their own buttons and use a graphing grid to organize data.
Students design their own course of study in collaboration with a faculty advisor.
Students design their own courses in conjunction with their Oxford faculty tutors.
Students design their own crossword puzzle.
Students design their own curricula or follow creative outlines designed by our staff.
Students design their own curricula.
Students design their own curriculum in keeping with their specific goals and interests.
Students design their own degree plans with an academic advisor to meet program requirements.
Students design their own experimental procedures and they justify their interpretations of data.
Students design their own focus of study within a broader context of flexible program requirements.
Students design their own houses, and even build their own model houses.
Students design their own major in consultation with the undergraduate advisor and a faculty mentor.
Students design their own program of study under the guidance of experienced faculty advisors.
Students design their own program of study with guidance from a faculty mentor.
Students design their own program of study, in consultation with their advisory committee.
Students design their own programs in consultation with the departmental representative.
Students design their own programs in very close consultation with their individual tutors.
Students design their own programs of study to best suit their educational goals.
Students design their own programs of study, with a few distribution requirements.
Students design their own programs within the broad area of any of the majors offered.
Students design their own projects and have always found funding for travel and supplies.
Students design their own projects and work under the guidance of the professor.
Students design their own projects to enter in the competition.
Students design their own research projects.
Students design their own salons.
Students design their own senior project based on their specialty in theatre.
Students design their own spacecraft and science objectives.
Students design their own talent search.
Students design their own web site that tells the story they want to tell.
Students design their package before the contest.
Students design their placements with their individual career goals and interests in mind.
Students design their program of study in consultation with their adviser.
Students design their program of study individually with a faculty advisor.
Students design their programs.
Students design their projects in consultation with their IDIM and faculty advisers.
Students design their resume, stationery, a business card and a self-promotion piece.
Students design their sabbatical studies to suit their own needs.
Students design their thesis projects, begin their literature review, and do a small pilot project.
Students design three-dimensional timelines of aviation history.
Students design two half-cells so that electron transfer occurs through an external circuit.
Students design ways of changing the sound of their voices.
Students design with fresh, dried, and silk flowers.
Students design, construct and test software structures for effective information management.
Students design, construct, and optimize a tracking servomechanism as a final project.
Students design, operate and evaluate a small-scale manufacturing system.
Students designate either a cognate in organizational leadership or individualized leadership.
Students designate one of the six Regental universities as their primary university.
Students designate the area of the country in which they wish to travel.
Students designate their choice of concentration by the end of their first year.
Students desire good grades.
Students desire practical advice in preparing themselves for professional careers after graduation.
Students desire the familiar or lectures that assist in developing summaries for exams.
Students desire to be part of a caring and accepting environment.
Students desire to change their villages.
Students desiring additional tutoring have the option of paying for the extra hours.
Students desiring to improve their skills can also make use of many study skills resources.
Students desiring to join the math learn.
Students desiring to sit for the CPA exam have three options.
Students despise sitting and reading out of textbooks or completing worksheets day after day.
Students determine and compare the surface areas of two leaves.
Students determine basic measurements of geometric shapes.
Students determine behavior.
Students determine chloroplast numbers using a haemocytometer.
Students determine class survey questions and answer options to send to buddy class.
Students determine each function.
Students determine each participant's role.
Students determine how author create and communicate meaning.
Students determine how many wire wraps on an iron bar pick up how many paper clips.
Students determine how much it costs to make their bake sale items and they set a price.
Students determine how much money is earned hourly for a job mowing lawns or babysitting.
Students determine how they can make a difference in their world today.
Students determine how to solve problems.
Students determine if dictation statements are true or false.
Students determine if induced magnetism can be increased.
Students determine if more information is needed.
Students determine in which groups a student gets the most and the least to eat.
Students determine instructional accommodations for a classmate with intensive challenges.
Students determine job availability and develop skills to enter specific areas of work.
Students determine multidimensional measurements of geometric shapes.
Students determine own objectives in collaboration with faculty and identified preceptors.
Students determine position of an object given various lens-image configurations.
Students determine problems they have with math and use strategies to overcome the problems.
Students determine problems.
Students determine properties of structural steel members.
Students determine reliable sources of health information about tobacco.
Students determine some needs people have.
Students determine sources.
Students determine stretch of spring with an unknown object.
Students determine the acceleration of a marble on different inclines.
Students determine the area of a triangle given one angle and the two adjacent sides.
Students determine the area of a triangle, given one angle and the two adjacent sides.
Students determine the calculations required for the solution of spreadsheets and database problems.
Students determine the calculations required for the solutions the systems they create.
Students determine the center of their town, using population and physical geography.
Students determine the circuit diagram of four bulbs and two switches.
Students determine the content and nature of the project, subject to instructor approval.
Students determine the differences in average highs and lows for four months.
Students determine the different orders in which the caps can be stacked.
Students determine the focal length of a convex lens.
Students determine the framework, audience and process to solve the problem.
Students determine the friction of string, fishing line, and wire using a baloon jet .
Students determine the function that describes the line of best fit.
Students determine the implications of their results for future research, education and practice.
Students determine the importance of bats in an echosystem.
Students determine the importance of content by the way the material is organized and presented.
Students determine the importance of the role of production in the creation of media texts.
Students determine the instrument's type.
Students determine the mean and standard deviation of a normally distributed random variable.
Students determine the meaning from several paragraphs by referring to what is stated.
Students determine the meaning of, and use accurately.
Students determine the missing fractional parts.
Students determine the molecular weight of two unknown acids, one monoprotic and the other diprotic.
Students determine the most important issue of the current campaign.
Students determine the number of courses they wish to complete each term.
Students determine the number of equal groups of students possible in their classroom.
Students determine the number of groups and the number of children in each group.
Students determine the number of squares on a checkerboard.
Students determine the pace and focus of the material covered.
Students determine the pH and dissolved oxygen concentration of the water.
Students determine the placement of brine shrimp in a food chain.
Students determine the probabilities of independent and mutually exclusive events.
Students determine the scale of the relative masses of nails as an analogy to the atomic mass scale.
Students determine the specific three-hour time block to be spent in public schools.
Students determine the stretch of a spring vs. weight.
Students Determine the target age level.
Students determine the team and find a coach at the beginning of each year.
Students determine the type of data needed to test their inferences from lesson one.
Students determine the types of speech appropriate to various situations.
Students determine their area of specialization in collaboration with the developmental faculty.
Students determine their current level of activity.
Students determine their fields of study by choosing among ten different option areas.
Students determine their fitness goals for the coming year.
Students determine their job preparedness.
Students determine their own concentration in consultation with their academic advisors.
Students determine their own goal for pages to be read in a week's time.
Students determine their own grade for the activity.
Students determine their own pace and workload.
Students determine their own pace to complete the program.
Students determine their own study schedule according to the demands of their work or personal life.
Students determine their protocols.
Students determine their smell threshold using different concentrations of mint extract.
Students determine transformations on a coordinate plane.
Students determine type of business and the products or services rendered.
Students determine units of measurement and tape up the timeline and index cards.
Students determine where to attach the arms and paste in place.
Students determine whether site have similarities and differences.
Students determine whether they can use an aluminum support rod in a design for an airplane.
Students determine which end of an earthworm is more sensitive to odours, sound and light.
Students determine which factor effects the period of a pendulum.
Students determine which food samples contain glucose.
Students determine which gum container presents the better deal.
Students determine which items can be electrical conductors or insulators.
Students determine which planets are most favorable for human habitation.
Students determine, with the use of the map scale, how many miles one cube equals.
Students develop a background in engineering economics, geology, chemistry, physics and math.
Students develop a basic knowledge of brain anatomy, physiology, and pharmacology.
Students develop a basic usable command of the French language.
Students develop a beginning proficiency in critiquing nursing research studies.
Students develop a beginning proficiency in designing nursing research studies.
Students develop a broad range of college and career writing skills.
Students develop a broad range of knowledge, skills and attitudes necessary to practice medicine.
Students develop a broad range of writing skills.
Students develop a broader understanding of teaching as a profession.
Students develop a budget for a college student, using a spreadsheet.
Students develop a budget for a weeklong snowboarding trip.
Students develop a business idea that results in a business plan.
Students develop a business plan for a new venture or acquisition of an existing business.
Students develop a career model for professional development.
Students develop a case study of their own institutional setting.
Students develop a certain fluency in expressing themselves in everyday situations.
Students develop a chart of the chain of command.
Students develop a classification system for their shoes.
Students develop a clear, concise prose style.
Students develop a clinical case study drawn from their internship placement.
Students develop a close relationship with faculty, with small class sizes.
Students develop a close working relationship with their graduate advisors.
Students develop a coherent program and a plan of study in consultation with their major advisers.
Students develop a coherent program of study in consultation with their major adviser.
Students develop a coherent program of study in consultation with their minor advisers.
Students develop a coherent program with their advisor.
Students develop a collection of individual Websites.
Students develop a command of composition, line, color, and shape.
Students develop a complete grant proposal for a local non-profit agency.
Students develop a comprehensive marketing plan and present it to a panel of judges.
Students develop a concentration by taking several elective courses in that area.
Students develop a concentration plan in consultation with a program advisor.
Students develop a concentration plan in consultation with their advisor.
Students develop a concept of design to stress visual form as tools for conveying meaning.
Students develop a conceptual basis for analysis and examine recent experience and current issues.
Students develop a connection to our community, our nation, and our world.
Students develop a conservation plan for a rare, threatened or endangered species.
Students develop a contract with an instructor that is approved by the department s dean.
Students develop a craft workbook that focuses on contemporary forms and strategies.
Students develop a critical awareness of television news.
Students develop a critical literacy in respect of character development and subject matter.
Students develop a deeper understanding of how to assure samples are representative.
Students develop a deeper understanding of rational number concepts and problem solving strategies.
Students develop a deeper understanding of what the mean and median say about a distribution.
Students develop a degree completion plan in collaboration with a core faculty.
Students develop a dissertation based on independent research within their major field of study.
Students develop a familiarity with primary documents as well as major histriographical debates.
Students develop a feeling of pride in being Jewish.
Students develop a final professional portfolio as a result of their teaching experience.
Students develop a forest management plan based on current, professional forester's practices.
Students develop a formal vocabulary, visual sensitivity, and manipulative skills.
Students develop a frequency table based upon the possible responses.
Students develop a freshman-year plan during their first academic quarter.
Students develop a full business proposal for a new business.
Students develop a full- featured commercial web site.
Students develop a functioning multimedia package.
Students develop a game around the trip of Lewis and Clark.
Students develop a general method with justifications for each step.
Students develop a greater sense of and sensitivity to audience.
Students develop a greater understanding of Japanese culture as they learn the language.
Students develop a handbook by completing activities for specific classes.
Students develop a handout encouraging monument visitors to help preserve fragile resources.
Students develop a high standard of scientific analysis and good public presentation skills.
Students develop a historical perspective and conceptual, creative and critical abilities.
Students develop a hypothesis about who the student is from contents of the backpack.
Students develop a knowledge and skill base in a broad range of areas underpinning businesses.
Students develop a knowledge base about their biological and physical environment.
Students develop a language for observation, analysis, and expression.
Students develop a learning proposal and evaluation mechanism.
Students develop a life-history project, conduct interviews, and analyze data.
Students develop a lifelong appreciation for the benefits of physical activity.
Students develop a lifelong appreciation through viewing and participating in the arts.
Students develop a list of actions that can be taken to help species survive.
Students develop a list of components and services of a human community.
Students develop a list of criteria for free and fair elections.
Students develop a list of questions concerning solid waste's disposal in their community.
Students develop a love of learning and a feeling of self confidence as they grow and develop.
Students develop a major research project directly related to the practicum.
Students develop a major research project which is monitored by a faculty advisor.
Students develop a marketing plan and identify at least three publishers for their story.
Students develop a marketing plan for a client from the Baltimore corporate community.
Students develop a mental map of their neighborhood or community.
Students develop a mix of skills which is highly attractive to a large range of employers.
Students develop a model for effective relationships.
Students develop a model of management designed to achieve the goals of the sport organization.
Students develop a much greater appreciation of the intimate interaction between people and animals.
Students develop a narrative which integrates research, analysis, concept and design proposals.
Students develop a network and contacts for future employment opportunities.
Students develop a network of peers from other schools and communities.
Students develop a new food item.
Students develop a new program containing sports updates, commercials, and current events.
Students develop a new system of knowledge that enhances valuable skills.
Students develop a number of practical skills during the fieldtrips.
Students develop a nursing curriculum in small work groups.
Students develop a particular concentration of studies in consultation with their academic advisor.
Students develop a personal and a group list of amendment preferences.
Students develop a personal appreciation for, and lifelong interest in literature and language.
Students develop a personal body of photographic prints, professional in quality and concept.
Students develop a personal commitment to leadership.
Students develop a personal model for effective supervision.
Students develop a personal model for more effective supervision.
Students develop a personal philosophy of education.
Students develop a personal portfolio and practice writing competitive essays.
Students develop a personal wellness plan.
Students develop a pesticide-free plan for dealing with a millipede invasion.
Students develop a plan for a specific project.
Students develop a plan for a summer business.
Students develop a plan for their next steps beyond the diploma employment, further education, etc.
Students develop a plan of study in consultation with a major advisor and advisory committee.
Students develop a plan of study in consultation with their faculty advisory committees.
Students develop a plan to correct the most serious problem of human impact at the monument.
Students develop a plan to organize visual elements for expressive purposes as they make art.
Students develop a plan with their faculty advisor.
Students develop a planned program with their adviser.
Students develop a policy network.
Students develop a portfolio and can extend the experience to independent study.
Students develop a portfolio and participate in seminars.
Students develop a portfolio for transfer or employment.
Students develop a portfolio for transfer to a college, university or art institute.
Students develop a portfolio of marketing tools.
Students develop a portfolio of their written work., incorporating themes, comments, learning diary.
Students develop a portfolio of writings typical in their disciplines.
Students develop a portfolio to document their progress as they master the course competencies.
Students develop a position on a specific issue.
Students develop a positive attitude toward the human element in business.
Students develop a proactive approach to learning.
Students develop a problem-solving strategy for discriminating between fact and opinion.
Students develop a professional portfolio throughout the duration of their program.
Students develop a professional portfolio to highlight their expertise.
Students develop a professional portfolio.
Students develop a professional r sum s and prepare for job interviews.
Students develop a professional resume and cover letter skills.
Students develop a professionalism towards the automotive industry.
Students develop a program of studies through the bachelor of health sciences degree.
Students develop a program of study in consultation with a faculty advisor.
Students develop a program of study in consultation with a major advisor from the department.
Students develop a programme of study consisting of core and specialist modules.
Students develop a project proposal as a part of course requirements.
Students develop a project within the framework of either research, education or community health.
Students develop a proposal for a field project.
Students develop a proposal for a study of their own design.
Students develop a prototype database application of their own.
Students develop a prototype user interface and use one or more of the techniques to evaluate it.
Students develop a questionnaire or inventory of art preferences.
Students develop a real sense of belonging and pride when wearing it.
Students develop a relationship with a positive role model.
Students develop a repertoire of methods to use in student teaching and in future teaching.
Students develop a research paper through an interactive process with faculty and peers.
Students develop a research project of their own choosing and present the results.
Students develop a research project which they carry out during a four-day field trip.
Students develop a research proposal and present a seminar on the proposal.
Students develop a research proposal and write a major research paper.
Students develop a research proposal for a problem of their choice.
Students develop a research proposal for the study of a selected nursing phenomena.
Students develop a research proposal to investigate an applied research question.
Students develop a research proposal with the guidance of the professor.
Students develop a research proposal.
Students develop a research protocol including an application to an ethics committee.
Students develop a research question based on the analysis of weather data over time.
Students develop a rubric for the multimedia presentations.
Students develop a schedule which is based on their availability for instruction.
Students develop a schematic design program for a final project.
Students develop a school reform plan and explore their own roles as agents of change.
Students develop a sense of agency as creators and arbiters of knowledge.
Students develop a sense of belonging within a community based upon trust and mutual respect.
Students develop a sense of concern for solidarity with individuals, groups, cultures and nations.
Students develop a sense of cost when exploring tourism.
Students develop a sense of pride, responsibility, commitment, and self-confidence ands performers.
Students develop a sense of professional identity and responsibility.
Students develop a sense of responsibility for their learning and their success.
Students develop a sense of responsibility, self-discipline, and pride in their accomplishments.
Students develop a sense of worth and dignity within our community.
Students develop a simulated flight on the computer, videotape the flight and make comparisons.
Students develop a simulated venture, with oral and written report.
Students develop a sloper, fit it to a human body, create a researched and completed period costume.
Students develop a small Web site as a final project.
Students develop a solid foundation in the natural, physical and social sciences.
Students develop a solid understanding of electronics, quantum optics and lasers.
Students develop a solution to a real life problem.
Students develop a specialization by selecting one of five majors.
Students develop a specialized area of study based on their career goals.
Students develop a strategic plan for the success of the business.
Students develop a strategy list for problem solving by working with different types of problems.
Students develop a stronger relationship with their peers.
Students develop a study design for course project.
Students develop a study system that facilitates review without re-reading entire passages.
Students develop a survey or questionnaire to study a local issue.
Students develop a systematic approach to estimating projects.
Students develop a team-based organization, which is organized around their individual competencies.
Students develop a thorough knowledge and refine skills using various application software.
Students develop a thorough understanding of physiological processes.
Students develop a training curriculum based on an organizational needs assessment.
Students develop a travel plan for a space mission to an imaginary planet.
Students develop a variety of skills as they explore the basics of chemical analysis.
Students develop a very solid understanding of electronics, quantum optics and lasers.
Students develop a very solid understanding of electronics, quantum optics, and lasers.
Students develop a viable prototype business.
Students develop a visual and ideological understanding of film.
Students develop a vocabulary base appropriate for everyday conversations and classroom situations.
Students develop a vocabulary for discussing and writing about fiction.
Students develop a Web site in class using HTML code, graphics, and text editors.
Students develop a web site with information they have gained through their studies.
Students develop a work plan for their project.
Students develop a working knowledge of first aid methods and techniques and accident prevention.
Students develop a working knowledge of non-linear systems.
Students develop a working knowledge-based system in a realistic application domain.
Students develop a working prototype to solve a real-world information systems problem.
Students develop a working vocabulary of conceptually based signs.
Students develop a written business plan for a new venture.
Students develop a written proposal for the service-learning project.
Students develop a written research proposal.
Students develop abilities in analysis, experimentation, and design.
Students develop ability to apply concepts to understand and intervene in family systems.
Students develop ability to think visually, critically, and creatively.
Students develop ability.
Students develop academic language skills in research, reading, speaking, listening, and writing.
Students develop accuracy by responding initially in words and phrases, then in sentences.
Students develop activities and write manuals for both learners and trainers.
Students develop activities through their planning board.
Students develop actual marketing campaign for a hospitality business.
Students develop additional resources for health career exploration.
Students develop advanced knowledge of freshwater ecosystems and ecological analysis.
Students develop advanced skill levels using word processing concepts to develop business documents.
Students develop advanced skills in clinical case formulation and therapeutic technique.
Students develop advanced skills used in creating and using database applications.
Students develop advanced techniques.
Students develop affection.
Students develop algorithms for computer solutions to problems.
Students develop alternative points of view and defend their conclusions orally and in writing.
Students develop amortization tables using various interest rates and time periods.
Students develop an ability to explain foreign policy decisions of the United States.
Students develop an ability to work cooperatively with all others.
Students develop an action plan for a school-based project, keep a log, and do reflective analysis.
Students develop an actual set of lesson plans integrating the Internet into a curriculum.
Students develop an actual set of lessons plans integrating the Internet into a curriculum.
Students develop an administrative portfolio skills assessment, required for entry level course.
Students develop an agreed dissertation topic in the second part of the year.
Students develop an air emissions inventory using mass balance and emission factors methodologies.
Students develop an appreciation and understanding of the process of statistical investigation.
Students develop an appreciation for and an understanding of music's historical role as an art form.
Students develop an appreciation for diversity within and among cultures, including their own.
Students develop an appreciation for life long learning.
Students develop an appreciation for the importance of horticulture in human affairs.
Students develop an appreciation for the rationale and utility of psychometric methods.
Students develop an appreciation for the role of art in society and civilization.
Students develop an appreciation for the values and belief systems of traditional Indian people.
Students develop an appreciation of diversity.
Students develop an appreciation of drama as theatrical performance rather than literature.
Students develop an appreciation of geometry as a means of describing the physical world.
Students develop an appreciation of how one set of surveying data relates to another.
Students develop an appreciation of the sound of radio news.
Students develop an approach to character through scene work.
Students develop an area of concentration in both clinical practice and research.
Students develop an attitude of liking science.
Students develop an audition tape to assist in their employment search.
Students develop an awareness of diversity issues in the early childhood classroom.
Students develop an awareness of environmental issues.
Students develop an awareness of length and how to estimate using nonstandard units of measure.
Students develop an awareness of personal, social, and civic responsibility.
Students develop an awareness of the assumptions they are making.
Students develop an awareness of the beauty of music and art and their meanings.
Students develop an awareness of the environment and how to act responsibly to preserve it.
Students develop an awareness of the social, psychological and medical needs of patients.
Students develop an awareness of trends, issues, and public policy affecting diverse families.
Students develop an electronic commerce business application that utilizes a virtual shopping cart.
Students develop an excellent understand of general computer structure and programming.
Students develop an hourly chart of their daily activities.
Students develop an in-depth analysis of a domestic destination.
Students develop an in-depth analysis of an international destination.
Students develop an in-depth knowledge of both management and marketing theory.
Students develop an individual graduation plan during the assessment and orientation process.
Students develop an individual learning plan designed to acquire certain skills and knowledge.
Students develop an individualized plan through discussions with an advisor.
Students develop an informed, unified view of our increasingly interconnected planet.
Students develop an intellectual and aesthetic understanding and appreciation of fiction.
Students develop an intellectually coherent program in consultation with an adviser.
Students develop an intrinsic motivation to learn.
Students develop an involved scientific research project.
Students develop an Olympic timeline .
Students develop an orientation to thinking mathematically through several investigations.
Students develop an original analysis of some body of archaeological material.
Students develop an original experimental research project.
Students develop an understanding and ability in the principles and practices of forest management.
Students develop an understanding and an appreciation of another culture.
Students develop an understanding and appreciation of Aboriginal creative expression.
Students develop an understanding and appreciation of our legal system.
Students develop an understanding of a multicultural perspective.
Students develop an understanding of adult development and learning theory.
Students develop an understanding of advanced vocabulary and structures.
Students develop an understanding of American humor.
Students develop an understanding of color theory through application in painting.
Students develop an understanding of computer hardware, manipulating windows, and file management.
Students develop an understanding of how humans affect and are affected by their environment.
Students develop an understanding of how the components relate to each other.
Students develop an understanding of human needs, self-concept, perception, and emotions.
Students develop an understanding of measurement by feeling and comparing objects directly.
Students develop an understanding of personal learning strengths and weaknesses.
Students develop an understanding of problems posed by stereotyping and censorship.
Students develop an understanding of qualitative testing.
Students develop an understanding of technology that is essential to success.
Students develop an understanding of the basic concepts and tools of programming.
Students develop an understanding of the basic elements of oral communication.
Students develop an understanding of the basic elements of radio station operation.
Students develop an understanding of the dynamics of complex organizations.
Students develop an understanding of the Earth by experiencing geology in the field.
Students develop an understanding of the engineering design process.
Students develop an understanding of the Internet, the Web, and how to organize Web sites.
Students develop an understanding of the interrelationships among organic molecules.
Students develop an understanding of the origin of present day tectonic features of California.
Students develop an understanding of the pharmacist s role as part of the health care team.
Students develop an understanding of the philosophical and historical background of curriculum.
Students develop an understanding of their best learning style.
Students develop an understanding of themselves as writers.
Students develop an understanding of withdrawal symptoms and detox protocols.
Students develop an understanding of women's experiences and place in history and in modern society.
Students develop analytic methods necessary to create a well-considered thesis proposal.
Students develop analytical reading skills and fundamental writing skills.
Students develop analytical skills and examine the ethical impact of economic decisions.
Students develop analytical skills and general skills in data collection and analysis.
Students develop analytical skills in order to remedy diverse intergalactic situations.
Students develop analytical skills in small seminar-like discussion classes.
Students develop analytical skills including use of the microcomputer and appropriate software.
Students develop analytical skills using cases and persuasive media.
Students develop analytical skills using cses and research projects.
Students develop analytical skills, a holistic view and a sense of responsibility.
Students develop analytical, critical and creative skills in movement science.
Students develop analyze and explain procedures for computation.
Students develop and analyze marketing strategies through case analysis and computer simulations.
Students develop and articulate their current images of anthropology.
Students develop and conduct a mass media research project.
Students develop and conduct pilot research projects.
Students develop and defend their personal theories of practice.
Students develop and deliver a completed end product.
Students develop and deliver sample lectures that include use of audiovisual materials.
Students develop and demonstrate the ability to think critically, analytically, and creatively.
Students develop and design primarily at the system rather than the component level.
Students develop and document a technology transfer model.
Students develop and evaluate a marketing plan for a product or service.
Students develop and evaluate fractal models.
Students develop and evaluate inferences, predictions, and arguments that are based on data.
Students develop and evaluate logic for business programs.
Students develop and evaluate market plans.
Students develop and execute a project of high utility and become an asset to the firm.
Students develop and execute an oral history project.
Students develop and expand their skills and clinical judgment in selected domains of practice.
Students develop and explore several computer- based forecasting models.
Students develop and follow individualized study plans.
Students develop and implement a basic community dental health project.
Students develop and implement a learning contract which is supported through a mentoring process.
Students develop and implement action plans to combat racism.
Students develop and implement an action plan, engaging adults from the community as they do.
Students develop and implement audit approaches for information systems.
Students develop and implement Internet research skills in a laboratory setting.
Students develop and implement teaching plans for the various age groups in the clinical experience.
Students develop and lead all workshops.
Students develop and litigate cases under the Clean Water Act and other environmental laws.
Students develop and maintain a stock market portfolio.
Students develop and offer a sales presentation for a selected product, service or concept.
Students develop and participate in a fitness program during arranged time with the instructor.
Students develop and participate in the structure afforded by a meaningful program.
Students develop and pilot research projects.
Students develop and practice language through collaborative activities with teachers and peers.
Students develop and practice skills in communicating and interacting with others.
Students develop and practice skills of social policy analysis.
Students develop and present a unit of instruction.
Students develop and present an in-service program.
Students develop and present an oral communication competency assessment program.
Students develop and present persuasive messages and study persuasive campaigns.
Students develop and present plans and policies.
Students develop and present proposal to department faculty.
Students develop and present questionnaires related to their individual interests.
Students develop and present small individual research projects.
Students develop and present their own inventions and solutions to current problems.
Students develop and present two term products, which are graded based on an appropriate rubric.
Students develop and present well-reasoned arguments on a variety of topics.
Students develop and produce video projects of limited scope.
Students develop and publish a science or technology related web site.
Students develop and refine leadership skills in positions of responsibility.
Students develop and refine thesis topics under faculty supervision.
Students develop and refine translation and composition skills.
Students develop and set professional goals for advanced practice nursing.
Students develop and submit an experiential learning portfolio for the granting of academic credit.
Students develop and sustain a commitment to community service.
Students develop and teach lessons related to social and environmental problems of their concern.
Students develop and test graphics algorithms.
Students develop and test groundwater filtration models.
Students develop and test ideas for activities.
Students develop and use computer applications in making business decisions.
Students develop and use professional communication skills to support marketing functions.
Students develop and write radio script, including programming and commercials.
Students develop and write short essays Provides laboratory and individualized instruction.
Students develop and, through simulated exercises, manage a program.
Students develop answers to policy issues on two take-home exams.
Students develop answers.
Students develop applications in multimedia authoring environments.
Students develop applied, hands-on skills in laboratory experiences.
Students develop appreciation for and skill in building bridges between theory and practice.
Students develop appropriate diet recommendations for specific disease states.
Students develop aptitudes required for specific apprenticeship training.
Students develop architectural construction documents for multi-level framed construction.
Students develop area of transregional bibliographies.
Students develop areas of particular interest, expand their skills in the area of computer graphics.
Students develop artistic talents, critical thinking, and communication skills.
Students develop as individual readers while being involved in a supported activity.
Students develop assessment tools, and collect and analyze data in an actual field project.
Students develop assessment, planning, intervention, and evaluation skills at the macro level.
Students develop assessments of themselves and their peers during briefings and group work sessions.
Students develop at least two approaches to researching a specific topic.
Students develop at their own pace, gradually increasing their level of training over time.
Students develop audio-visual projects under guidance to practice the skills introduced.
Students develop aural, speaking and conversational skills in social and academic settings.
Students develop awareness of artistic choices necessary for good television production.
Students develop awareness of context clues and of stems and affixes.
Students develop balanced skills in handbuilding and throwing clay on the wheel.
Students develop basic and advanced writing techniques.
Students develop basic counseling skills.
Students develop basic forecasting skills, as well as basic observational skills.
Students develop basic hand-building skills including pinch, coil, slab and mold techniques.
Students develop basic jumping skills.
Students develop basic keyboard skills to use at home, in school, and at work.
Students develop basic office skills and perform a variety of computer-oriented tasks.
Students develop basic reading and writing skills.
Students develop basic skills and knowledge applicable to many health care fields.
Students develop basic skills in welding on mild steel.
Students develop basic woodworking skills using subtractive, additive and constructive processes.
Students develop beginning communicative competence in speaking, listening, reading and writing.
Students develop beginning skills with one physiologic measure.
Students develop best in safe, comfortable and attractive housing.
Students develop better communication skills and decision-making skills.
Students develop better relationships with their classmates and their teacher.
Students develop both basic skills and higher ordering thinking through problem-solving activities.
Students develop both listening and reporting skills.
Students develop both professional and personal relationships which last a lifetime.
Students develop business plans for a new enterprise.
Students develop campaigns incorporating all advertising, events planning, project implementation.
Students develop capabilities in design within studio courses.
Students develop career-relevant skills through participation in supervised work experience.
Students develop cartoon strips and posters that demonstrate refusal skills.
Students develop case studies, simulations, and graphics applications.
Students develop cash flow and marketing plans and do feasibility studies for the organizations.
Students develop childcare experience and employable skills.
Students develop citizenship skills by participating in sociopolitical activities.
Students develop civic responsibility and plan for future involvement.
Students develop classroom assignments for their own use.
Students develop clinical skills while providing a service to an underserved population.
Students develop close and lasting friendships.
Students develop close, lasting relationships with classmates and faculty in field group.
Students develop college level academic skills in writing.
Students develop common understanding of mathematical ideas, including the role of definitions.
Students develop communication skills by reporting data in a variety of ways.
Students develop communication skills for more effective agribusiness management.
Students develop communication skills to function in everyday situations.
Students develop communications skills and use basic writing principles in creating correspondence.
Students develop communicative skills which reinforce their knowledge of structure and vocabulary.
Students develop compassion and a knowledge of the functions of the mind.
Students develop competence in a variety of administrative office tasks.
Students develop competence in Mandarin while achieving provincial curriculum objectives.
Students develop competence in programming in an object-oriented language.
Students develop competence in sewing by selecting, using and caring for supplies and equipment.
Students develop competencies in applying media and technologies to instruction.
Students develop competencies in breads, desserts, cake decoration, and buffet centerpieces.
Students develop competencies in the areas of safety, sanitation, equipment, and food production.
Students develop competency in both quantitative and qualitative research methods.
Students develop competition-worthy speech with faculty guidance.
Students develop competition-worthy speeches with faculty guidance.
Students develop complex cooperative learning strategies.
Students develop compositional projects utilizing both musical and sound effect materials.
Students develop computer based structure for sorting information.
Students develop computer expertise in using word processing, database, and spreadsheet programs.
Students develop computer programs in a high-level programming language to solve specific problems.
Students develop computer skills at their own pace in a stress-free environment.
Students develop computer skills in word processing, database, and spreadsheet applications.
Students develop computer skills in word processing, image digitizing, and e-mail.
Students develop computer skills such as word processing, image digitizing, and e-mail.
Students develop computer-generated presentations and develop technical communication skills.
Students develop concepts.
Students develop conceptual and professional skills related to their practice at a field site.
Students develop concise and analytical writing skills.
Students develop confidence and a better understanding of coping with life.
Students develop confidence and a better understanding of coping with the family structure.
Students develop confidence and competency in solving math problems with business applications.
Students develop confidence and learning strategies that they can apply to their future education.
Students develop confidence and pride in their work.
Students develop confidence as they study the problems of merchandising and manufacturing.
Students develop confidence that they have the skills to solve important problems.
Students develop confidence, good work habits, and make valuable contacts.
Students develop confidence, peace of mind, strength and flexibility.
Students develop confidence, professionalism, and a sense of purpose.
Students develop confidence, self esteem and excel both in or out of school.
Students develop conflict resolution skills through class discussion and role-playing.
Students develop conversational skills and learn idioms.
Students develop conversational skills by participating in discussions and role-playing.
Students develop cooperative attitudes to adjust to the constantly changing demands of life.
Students develop coordination, grace, musicality, flexibility, and balance.
Students develop counseling and communication skills in lab and in class discussion and exercises.
Students develop creative decision-making in working with a group.
Students develop creative thinking and problem-solving skills.
Students develop creative-writing skills through observation and descriptive writing.
Students develop critical analysis and hands-on skills for creating social change.
Students develop critical and professional skills.
Students develop critical listening and begin to think creatively through musical expression.
Students develop critical strategies as well as explore concepts and site.
Students develop critical thinking and geography skills.
Students develop critical thinking and problem solving skills.
Students develop critical thinking and research skills to solve problems responsibly.
Students develop critical thinking skills in analyzing data and determining individual needs.
Students develop critical thinking skills while improving their ability to communicate in English.
Students develop critical thinking skills while investigating the environmental movement.
Students develop critical thinking skills.
Students develop critique expertise.
Students develop curricula for children with disabilities using research validated methods.
Students develop curricular solutions to professional and situational needs.
Students develop curriculum guides, including plans and daily lesson plans.
Students develop data analysis skills and techniques necessary for proper decision making.
Students develop data collection plans for their applied research projects.
Students develop decision-making skills as they relate to general computer applications.
Students develop decision-making skills that enhance their interactions with peers.
Students develop degree programs tailored to their interests and talents.
Students develop desire for knowledge.
Students develop details to support their conceptual ideas formulated in the design studio.
Students develop dexterity and accuracy while learning data entry procedures.
Students develop diagnostic and repair skills on late model vehicles in a well-equipped shop.
Students develop different strategies for finding the volume of water in a puddle.
Students develop different strengths and combinations of intelligences throughout the academic year.
Students develop directions for particular shapes, such as squares, triangles, hexagons.
Students develop drawing and design expertise along with basic typography skills.
Students develop drawing and observational skills through basic exercises.
Students develop drawing ideas based on observation and interpretation of natural phenomena.
Students develop drawing, drafting and model building skills.
Students develop dynamic pages and interactive web pages for specific applications.
Students develop ear training and sight singing skills.
Students develop eating disorders and they have no idea they already have a problem.
Students develop editing skills by working on varied writing samples.
Students develop educational or training materials using commercially available products.
Students develop effective communication skills and learn to use basic business software.
Students develop effective communication skills in both English and French.
Students develop effective experimental and effective communication skills.
Students develop effective methods for analyzing and preparing cases for presentation in trial.
Students develop effective research, communication, analytical, and public speaking skills.
Students develop embedded systems by interfacing transducers to microcomputers.
Students develop emotional health, compassion, empathy and respect for self and others.
Students develop emotional health, compassion, empathy, and respect for self and others.
Students develop empathy for others as they make connections to learning through photographs.
Students develop endurance swimming using all the key strokes.
Students develop English proficiency to communicate in work and social situations.
Students develop entry level proficiency in intravenous therapy utilizing the nursing process.
Students develop essential skills needed for visual literacy.
Students develop excellence in achievement by requiring quality assignments.
Students develop expertise in at least one discipline or area.
Students develop expertise in both a clinical and a functional area for practice.
Students develop expertise in both oral and written communication.
Students develop expertise in one or more substantive areas and research methodologies.
Students develop expertise, knowledge, and skill in assessment, counseling, and consultation.
Students develop explanations using evidence from their investigation.
Students develop extensive knowledge about health policy and empirical research methods as well.
Students develop extensive research papers on chosen topics.
Students develop eye hand coordination improved balance and self confidence.
Students develop familiarity with how systems operate and perpetuate themselves.
Students develop final versions of their position papers.
Students develop flexible thinking skills and apply learning to their daily lives.
Students develop fluency and correctness and are introduced to academic writing.
Students develop formative approaches to wood cuts, linocuts, collage and experimental relief media.
Students develop formulas to compute unit price.
Students develop foundational skills in evangelism and discipleship.
Students develop friendships and work styles according to their mutual choices.
Students develop friendships that continue throughout their college careers.
Students develop fundamental programming skills, write simple procedures and do basic modeling.
Students develop fundamental research and portfolio management skills.
Students develop further expertise in vocabulary and grammatical structures.
Students develop further pedagogical skills through teaching practice.
Students develop further pedagogical skills through teaching.
Students develop garden activities for children and take a field trip to visit area school gardens.
Students develop general computer literacy and skills for using several application programs.
Students develop general problem solving skills and specific electronic design techniques.
Students develop geographic and cultural understanding.
Students develop geographical knowledge and analytical, organizational and research skills.
Students develop global friendships with children from all races, creeds and color.
Students develop greater flexibility and body awareness.
Students develop hands-on experience to pests.
Students develop hands-on skills in both piloting and celestial navigation.
Students develop hearing tests and investigate the connection between sight and hearing.
Students develop high level oral, written, argumentation, debate, and critical thinking skills.
Students develop historical and contemporary understanding of the African diaspora.
Students develop hospital type skills while in school.
Students develop hypotheses about how to assure samples are representative.
Students develop hypotheses and theories based on the data.
Students develop ideas about their own new artist.
Students develop image and text projects, and participate in individual and group critiques.
Students develop images and algorithms for display on various devices.
Students develop imagination and inventive skills.
Students develop imagination, perception, and technical skills.
Students develop implementation skills through community practice.
Students develop improved self-esteem and the ability to lead and work cooperatively with others.
Students develop independence under the direct guidance of a selected agency preceptor.
Students develop independent word attack skills and effective vocabularies.
Students develop individual and collaborative performances.
Students develop individual career plans beginning in sixth grade.
Students develop individual case studies.
Students develop individual learning plans.
Students develop individual products to represent their understandings.
Students develop individual projects and present it during class.
Students develop individual promotional packages.
Students develop individual study plans and receive personalized instruction.
Students develop individual Web sites.
Students develop individual work and the class takes on a large-scale project on or off campus.
Students develop industry and case analyses.
Students develop innovative ways to exploit the potential of materials and technologies.
Students develop innovative ways to explore the potential of materials.
Students develop insight into process and application of research in nursing practice.
Students develop insight into process and applications of research in nursing practice.
Students develop insight into speaker, audience, and ethical responsibilities.
Students develop instructional software as part of the course.
Students develop integrated activities that involve listening, speaking, reading, and writing.
Students develop intellectual independence.
Students develop intellectual skills.
Students develop intermediate skills used in creating and using database applications.
Students develop internet navigation skills.
Students develop Internet skills and learn the tools needed to publish on the Web.
Students develop internships to extend their studies beyond campus and to clarify career goals.
Students develop interpersonal skills and strategies for therapeutic intervention.
Students develop interpersonal skills through theoretical and practical application.
Students develop interviewing and other reporting skills, including research using the Internet.
Students develop Japanese language skills necessary for professional as well as social settings.
Students develop job hunting, resume and self marketing skills.
Students develop journalistic and technical skills.
Students develop judicious thinking through the study of society, politics, history and geography.
Students develop key skills alongside specific subject expertise.
Students develop knowledge and skills in research methods, statistics, and measurement.
Students develop knowledge and skills in safety and operation techniques.
Students develop knowledge and skills through application of levers and pulley ratios.
Students develop knowledge and skills with drawing revisions, tolerances and concept of schematics.
Students develop knowledge and skills with drawing revisions, tolerances, and concept of schematics.
Students develop knowledge and understanding of the relationship of music to history and culture.
Students develop knowledge, interests in and attitudes toward people of the world.
Students develop knowledge, skills, abilities, and values needed to practice nursing.
Students develop language skills and knowledge of Italian culture, literature and cinema.
Students develop language skills necessary to question, describe, and explain.
Students develop language skills with emphasis on oral competency.
Students develop leadership abilities through hands-on practical experiences.
Students develop leadership by theory and practice.
Students develop leadership skills by becoming officers in the organization.
Students develop leadership skills that they then apply to service projects.
Students develop leadership skills through use of group process with clients and health-care team.
Students develop leading edge high tech skills.
Students develop leading edge software reliability and testing methods.
Students develop learning goals, objectives, and evaluation measures to validate their own learning.
Students develop learning objectives with instructor and work site supervisor.
Students develop learning styles that they expect to yield good grades.
Students develop lesson plans for a piece of literature.
Students develop letterheads, business cards, flyers, brochures, tables and charts.
Students develop life-long interests.
Students develop lifeskills through a personal relationship with a mentor.
Students develop lighting plans for small residential and commercial projects.
Students develop likes or distastes for one or the other, unaware one is part of the other.
Students develop listening comprehension, speaking, reading and writing skills.
Students develop management ability in analysis and preparation of complete advertising campaign.
Students develop management and policy analysis skills necessary for personal success.
Students develop management plans designed to improve the quality of life of themselves and clients.
Students develop manicuring skills through practical application.
Students develop map skills and use maps and globes throughout the year.
Students develop mapping, observational, and analytic techniques in the field.
Students develop materials for the training module they designed in the design course.
Students develop mathematical and algebraic concepts through manipulative and hands-on experiences.
Students develop mathematical and algebraic concepts through manipulatives and hands-on experiences.
Students develop mathematical models for real-world situations using functions.
Students develop menus with prices for specific market segments.
Students develop methodological skills appropriate to their research interests.
Students develop methodology for environmental analysis applicable for clinical practice.
Students develop models for use in validating and comparing with experimental results.
Students develop models to investigate the inheritance of a trait in imaginary creatures.
Students develop models to predict performance and compare predictions to measurements.
Students develop monologues and ensemble pieces.
Students develop more advanced techniques using a variety of media and techniques.
Students develop more understanding or organism morphology, animal physiology, and animal behavior.
Students develop most effectively when they accept responsibility for their own lives.
Students develop muscle power as well as friendships.
Students develop musicianship through application of applied skills.
Students develop nail technician skills in the classroom and clinical laboratory.
Students develop negotiation skills through extensive case analyses, role-playing, and simulations.
Students develop networking and team building opportunities.
Students develop new skills, greater self-esteem, and more enthusiasm for school.
Students develop new understanding through a process of active construction of knowledge.
Students develop new ways of relating that are helpful in everyday life.
Students develop number sense and explore a variety of possible strategies to solve problems.
Students develop objective documentation skills.
Students develop one presentation each quarter.
Students develop ontologies to characterize interesting features of images.
Students develop or reinforce computer word processing skills.
Students develop or revise, field test, and evaluate training materials.
Students develop oral advocacy skills through oral argument in the first-year moot court program.
Students develop oral language prowess and skill in making presentations.
Students develop oral skills through comprehension exercises, role-playing, diction and elocution.
Students develop organizational and leadership skills.
Students develop organizational and oral communication skills.
Students develop outlines, single and multiparagraph essays, poems, and a research paper.
Students develop own business plans.
Students develop perceptual skills and attention to texture, pattern, composition, style and color.
Students develop performance skills through practice and study of classical repertoire.
Students develop performing and technical skills in a more specific direction.
Students develop personal and business web pages.
Students develop personal growth plans to enhance professional functioning.
Students develop personal leadership skills relating to team ministry.
Students develop personal pride and self esteem and a stronger sense of belonging.
Students develop personal responsibility for reaching their goals.
Students develop personal theory of landscape design.
Students develop personal views and abilities in illustration.
Students develop personalized fitness programs for a healthy lifestyle.
Students develop personally and professionally while addressing significant community problems.
Students develop personally meaningful, culturally relevant images.
Students develop perspective on changing industry standards.
Students develop philosophy positions and resarch a philosopher of their choice.
Students develop philosophy positions and research a philosopher of their choice.
Students develop physically when they complete hands on activities, science labs, or role plays.
Students develop planning, decision-making, analytical and leadership skills.
Students develop plans and analyze specific waterfront sites in the New York metropolitan region.
Students develop plans for individual research projects.
Students develop plans for simple meetings and major conventions.
Students develop plans, design the project, and implement the phases of the project to completion.
Students develop poise and confidence by pursuing interests and seeking support from mentors.
Students develop political awareness, hone research skills and polish communications skills.
Students develop political literacy about the principles and practices of law and the judiciary.
Students develop portfolios demonstrating their abilities in a variety of media.
Students develop portfolios designed to demonstrate their skills to prospective employers.
Students develop portfolios for individuals in a very diversified settings.
Students develop positive attitudes toward self and others.
Students develop positive attitudes toward self, others, school, and education.
Students develop positive attitudes toward technology.
Students develop powerful geometric reasoning as they progress through the unit.
Students develop powerful strategies.
Students develop practical and theoretical knowledge using real business problems.
Students develop practical experience, through undergraduate research projects.
Students develop practical learning materials for use in the mathematics program.
Students develop practical networking knowledge and skills in a hands-on environment.
Students develop practical skills in both piloting and celestial navigation.
Students develop practical skills in piloting, celestial navigation, and relative motion analysis.
Students develop practical skills in the use of charts, visual and electronic aids.
Students develop practical skills through hands-on work.
Students develop practical skills working on actual jobs for customers.
Students develop prediction and intuition skills through reading exercises.
Students develop preliminary bibliographies for their projects.
Students develop pre-production scripts, storyboards, and sets.
Students develop presentations to be given in a classroom setting.
Students develop pride and confidence in themselves and as a team.
Students develop problem solving skills and develop critical thinking through a hands-on approach.
Students develop problem solving skills through application.
Students develop problem solving strategies.
Students develop problem solving, critical thinking, and effective communication skills.
Students develop problem-solving skills by working in cooperative groups.
Students develop problem-solving skills dealing with practical issues in budgeting and management.
Students develop procedures for determining measures to solve problems.
Students develop process skills as they ask questions and investigate to discover the answers.
Students develop production assignments in consultation with instructor.
Students develop professional-quality design pieces and ancillary documentation of their work.
Students develop proficiency in audio techniques for both studio and field productions.
Students develop proficiency in creating spreadsheets, graphs, and databases.
Students develop proficiency in creative lighting for both studio and field productions.
Students develop proficiency in designing, building and dressing sets.
Students develop proficiency in listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Students develop proficiency in portable camera operation and field production.
Students develop proficiency in producing rough draft and usable legal copy from voice transcribers.
Students develop proficiency in reading and writing.
Students develop proficiency in working with raw data.
Students develop proficiency on stringed, brass, woodwind, and percussion instruments.
Students develop program and research skills in their area of interest.
Students develop program descriptions, and workshop materials.
Students develop program of independent study in conjunction with instructor.
Students develop programming logic to solve basic business problems.
Students develop programming models which relate to their areas of interest.
Students develop programs and perform control, tuning and calibration.
Students develop programs and utilize the computer for problem solving.
Students develop programs that support each other and tackle difficult issues.
Students develop projects and presentations in special areas of interest and expertise.
Students develop projects based on the skills and knowledge they have gained in Tech Prep.
Students develop projects based on their own interests and course materials.
Students develop projects for cross-platform delivery on various media.
Students develop projects in collaboration with a faculty mentor to conduct experiments.
Students develop projects of their own design resulting in a fully edited videotape of their work.
Students develop projects of their own, which are academically sound.
Students develop projects outside normal class time in the computer laboratory.
Students develop projects that express their understanding of the material learned.
Students develop projects that require direct involvement with students in their own classrooms.
Students develop proposals for change in collaboration with the project constituencies.
Students develop proposals for projects carried out the following semester.
Students develop proposals for resolving local leadership problems.
Students develop qualities basic to success in any career.
Students develop quality circle facilitation skills.
Students develop reading and writing skills with the aim of attaining literacy in Spanish.
Students develop real and lasting self-confidence.
Students develop real world skills.
Students develop reasoning strategies to cope with their knowledge.
Students develop relaxation, coordination, and naturally efficient, effective self-defense skills.
Students develop representations based on their observations of the videos.
Students develop research designs and initiate studies on criminal justice topics.
Students develop research objectives, procedures, and collect data.
Students develop research papers based on their service.
Students develop research projects within the context of ongoing faculty research or independently.
Students develop research questions with a special focus on the prairie plant population.
Students develop research skills and conduct research in at least one specialty area.
Students develop research skills through an interdisciplinary comprehensive biography project.
Students develop research skills through the reading and critiquing of literary works.
Students develop research thesis proposal.
Students develop research, critical thinking and interpersonal skills.
Students develop respect for other cultures.
Students develop responsibility for themselves and become lifelong learners.
Students develop rules for each other.
Students develop rules for the teacher.
Students develop sample problem statements and review related literature.
Students develop scene interpretation skills.
Students develop scientific reasoning and process skills concerning the physical world.
Students develop sea life questions to ask a marine scientist.
Students develop self-assessments and individualized fitness programs.
Students develop self-assessments, goal statements, resumes and interviewing techniques.
Students develop self-confidence about learning.
Students develop self-confidence and improve their oral language skills.
Students develop self-confidence by creating solutions.
Students develop self-critique abilities.
Students develop self-directed work habits.
Students develop self-expression by keeping their own summer journals.
Students develop senses.
Students develop several promotional projects.
Students develop short dramatic and documentary screenplays.
Students develop short-term goals for improving their health or reducing their risk for disease.
Students develop simple classifications of land use.
Students develop simple floor plans, schematic drawings, and use software as a design planning tool.
Students develop simulation projects.
Students develop skill competency during a mock night river rescue scenario.
Students develop skill competency during a night river rescue simulation.
Students develop skill in fact finding, analysis, and written and oral communication.
Students develop skill in reading Latin and in handling increasingly complex grammatical concepts.
Students develop skill in writing business letters, memorandums, and employment communications.
Students develop skills and discuss theory and awareness concerning personal safety.
Students develop skills and gain understanding through demonstration and creation of their works.
Students develop skills and processes of historical inquiry.
Students develop skills and strategies for achieving organizational goals.
Students develop skills and strategies for interpreting museum collections and exhibitions.
Students develop skills and techniques in human relations, employability, and career development.
Students develop skills and techniques necessary to design and build business oriented Web sites.
Students develop skills and techniques through exploratory experiences in the media of clay.
Students develop skills applicable to a variety of office settings.
Students develop skills both in policy analysis and substantive policy issues.
Students develop skills for lifetime activity including social, cognitive and physical skills.
Students develop skills for problem solving and modelling.
Students develop skills for providing wholistic nursing care for children and adults.
Students develop skills for surviving in the outdoors.
Students develop skills in analysis and prediction using a variety of financial reports.
Students develop skills in analyzing regulatory policy and in communicating the results.
Students develop skills in applying the scientific method through a laboratory or field component.
Students develop skills in applying tools and analyses for business process improvements.
Students develop skills in areas of cold food presentation, garnishing and off-site catering.
Students develop skills in artistic analysis.
Students develop skills in assessing community needs.
Students develop skills in careful reading, effective writing and critical thinking.
Students develop skills in collaborative thinking and working.
Students develop skills in computer layout design, photography, journalism, and advertising.
Students develop skills in counseling, crisis intervention, group work and case management.
Students develop skills in creating, editing, and producing.
Students develop skills in drawing and design as they create functional and non-functional pieces.
Students develop skills in drawing, painting, silk screening, potting and weaving.
Students develop skills in economics, mathematics, statistics, and communication.
Students develop skills in editing public relations, advertising, and news oriented web sites.
Students develop skills in effective decision making, problem solving, organizing and planning.
Students develop skills in financial and management problem solving.
Students develop skills in forming, firing, and glazing pottery of their own design.
Students develop skills in leadership, communication, team building, and decision making.
Students develop skills in listening, speaking, reading, and writing.
Students develop skills in manipulation and delivery of restorative materials.
Students develop skills in organizing an instructional delivery system.
Students develop skills in piano accompaniment of vocal or instrumental performance.
Students develop skills in planning, constructing and organizing one to one marketing activities.
Students develop skills in practice interviews and small-group experiences.
Students develop skills in presentation drawing and portfolio design.
Students develop skills in producing educational materials and teaching.
Students develop skills in research and journal writing while following the writing process.
Students develop skills in sanitation, storage, preparation and handling of food.
Students develop skills in scientific methods by designing and carrying out their own experiments.
Students develop skills in scientific reasoning, organization, and logical presentation of ideas.
Students develop skills in shading and color blending while creating unique, life-like portraits.
Students develop skills in social studies, math, science, art and language.
Students develop skills in solving genetics problems.
Students develop skills in television, cable and non-broadcast video occupations.
Students develop skills in the use of a professional word processing system.
Students develop skills in the use of salinity-monitoring equipment.
Students develop skills in their chosen areas of specialization through practical experience.
Students develop skills in touch typewriting and correct manipulation of the typewriter.
Students develop skills in understanding and appreciating genres such as fiction, poetry, and drama.
Students develop skills in various techniques used by field biologists.
Students develop skills in working in teams and analytic thinking.
Students develop skills involved in writing the traditional essay.
Students develop skills needed in the information age.
Students develop skills needed to read texts critically and to write successfully.
Students develop skills on power equipment and learn how to operate safely in the work environment.
Students develop skills related to architecture by designing their own frame construction home.
Students develop skills related to techniques in the management of different surgical specialties.
Students develop skills that they are able to use throughout their lives.
Students develop skills they can use upon graduation.
Students develop skills through pre- writing drafting, revising, and editing.
Students develop skills through pre-writing, drafting, revising, and editing.
Students develop skills to assess the challenges facing communities today.
Students develop skills to compete globally by transacting international business.
Students develop skills to define, plan, fund, conduct, and evaluate research.
Students develop skills to design and conduct an individual investigation at the end of the term.
Students develop skills to do computer computation and interpret the statistics.
Students develop skills to make presentations, prepare reports, and work in teams.
Students develop skills to work with individuals with mild disabilities at all age levels.
Students develop skills which assist in the clear and critical analysis of economic questions.
Students develop skills, attitudes, values, and goals appropriate for a sci- entist.
Students develop skills.
Students develop social interaction skills in small group activities and simulations.
Students develop social skills.
Students develop software systems in a group structure that simulates an industrial setting.
Students develop solutions to problems in the Work Book.
Students develop solutions to the litter problem.
Students develop sophisticate strategies.
Students develop sound strategies that they can use in choosing future investments.
Students develop space settlement designs and related materials.
Students develop spatial sense as they fill the large shape forms with pattern blocks.
Students develop speaking and listening skills needed for success in work and education.
Students develop specialist skills within their areas of interest.
Students develop specialization in one of three concentration areas.
Students develop specialization in one of three concentrations.
Students develop specialized research skills during work on the thesis.
Students develop specific skills in camera use, film processing and general darkroom technique.
Students develop specific skins while delivering actual programs to selected populations.
Students develop speeches for a variety of purposes and audiences.
Students develop speeches for variety of purposes and audiences.
Students develop speed and accuracy.
Students develop sporting and artistic skills as part of a sound and balanced education.
Students develop steps for spelling improvement using their individual learning style.
Students develop strategies and projects for a small city.
Students develop strategies and skills to work with clients of all ages and disabilities.
Students develop strategies conducive to academic success.
Students develop strategies for assisting people in living jointly in our pluralistic society.
Students develop strategies for continuing personal and professional development.
Students develop strategies for disseminating research findings.
Students develop strategies for efficient and productive group and individual management.
Students develop strategies for implementing placement in various work settings.
Students develop strategies for word attack and for building vocabulary.
Students develop strategies for writing in a variety of forms for a variety of audiences.
Students develop strategies in supervisory practice, including observation, analysis and evaluation.
Students develop strategies to develop, design and implement an effective personal fitness program.
Students develop strategies.
Students develop strength, flexibility, stamina and mental clarity.
Students develop strong communication skills and learn to work in teams.
Students develop structural knowledge and compositional skills.
Students develop study skills, set new and better goals, and build a positive self image.
Students develop subject specific curriculum appropriate to secondary disciplines.
Students develop subject-specific curriculums appropriate to secondary disciplines.
Students develop system designs and participate in lab exercises.
Students develop system designs.
Students develop teaching skills by designing lesson plans for teaching English.
Students develop teaching skills by designing lesson plans for teaching Spanish.
Students develop teaching skills through a three-pronged approach.
Students develop team and leadership skills by working together to complete the volunteer projects.
Students develop technical aptitudes and performance skills.
Students develop technical, academic and personal skills.
Students develop technique, independence of part, and sensitivity.
Students develop techniques through class participation, testing practice, and skill building.
Students develop techniques to build knowledge, organize information,and think clearly.
Students develop test questions for an assigned book.
Students develop the ability to analyze and evaluate facts and law.
Students develop the ability to build Web-based, distributed, and commerce applications.
Students develop the ability to communicate comfortably in French.
Students develop the ability to describe events in the past and future.
Students develop the ability to describe events in the present, past and future.
Students develop the ability to make comparisons of quantitative information.
Students develop the ability to negotiate competently and successfully on behalf of the client.
Students develop the ability to recognize common health problems and implement standards of care.
Students develop the ability to select and apply appropriate methods.
Students develop the ability to work cooperatively within the context of cultural diversity.
Students develop the ability to work in a team to solve a problem.
Students develop the basic ability to write, execute and debug programs.
Students develop the basic skills required for interpreting industrial prints.
Students develop the basic techniques of writing creative commercials that reach a target audience.
Students develop the beginning elements of grammar and word recognition.
Students develop the beginning skills needed to be a consumer of research.
Students develop the capacity for critical analysis of social problems, policies, and programs.
Students develop the concept of strong and weak acids and bases from the experimental data.
Students develop the conceptual and technical skills needed to produce original prints.
Students develop the confidence through their skills to blend concrete thoughts with the abstract.
Students develop the discipline of reflective practice in multiple ways.
Students develop the dissertation research design with guidance of faculty.
Students develop the essential skills needed to communicate appropriate perspective towards color.
Students develop the foundation required for advanced study in international politics.
Students develop the fundamental knowledge necessary to start and operate a business.
Students develop the fundamentals of pattern-making using basic slopers.
Students develop the judgment and decision-making skills needed to function as auditors.
Students develop the Laws of Refection by use of their own experimentation and observation.
Students develop the necessary skills and perspectives for successful marketing decision making.
Students develop the necessary skills for independent learning.
Students develop the necessary skills for reading in the target language.
Students develop the plan of study in consultation with the program advisor.
Students develop the scripts themselves.
Students develop the skill and confidence needed to facilitate effective learning experiences.
Students develop the skills and principles of design for the Web.
Students develop the skills necessary to continue learning in the domain.
Students develop the skills necessary to work in small and large group situations.
Students develop the skills needed to analyze problems and algorithms.
Students develop the skills of general management through working in multi-functional groups.
Students develop the skills of self-education.
Students develop the thinking and reasoning skills which characterize intellectual maturity.
Students develop their ability to propose hypotheses and conduct scientific experiments.
Students develop their ability to work with others by frequent practice.
Students develop their academic programs with a faculty advisor.
Students develop their analytical skills by examining the facts and the evidence in greater detail.
Students develop their communication skills in all psychology courses.
Students develop their communication skills in all Psychology courses.
Students develop their contracts in collaboration with the department chair.
Students develop their courses of study in consultation with a graduate advisory committee.
Students develop their critical-thinking skills in application problems throughout the course.
Students develop their dissertation topics from a funded research project.
Students develop their dissertation topics from funded research projects.
Students develop their dissertation topics in consultation with the staff.
Students develop their fluency through extensive reading and writing assignments.
Students develop their individual creative vision, as well as their ability to work collaboratively.
Students develop their keyboard skills through original musical compositions.
Students develop their knowledge and skills over time and progress at different rates.
Students develop their learning skill through lecture and small group problem solving.
Students develop their listening skills through lecture and group problem solving.
Students develop their listening skills through lecture and small group problem solving.
Students develop their major programs in consultation with a faculty advisor.
Students develop their observation skills.
Students develop their own academic plans of study, consisting of a combination of academic fields.
Students develop their own black and white film and learn the basic steps of photo printmaking.
Students develop their own business plan for a new enterprise.
Students develop their own business plans for venture concepts.
Students develop their own compositions at the level of their own ability and music knowledge.
Students develop their own computer programs, as well as working with established computer codes.
Students develop their own critical framework for intelligent consumption of mass mediated fare.
Students develop their own curricula in visual arts.
Students develop their own data base.
Students develop their own glaze testing methodology while pursuing their own glaze pallet.
Students develop their own hypotheses and conduct independent statistical analyses of survey data.
Students develop their own independent research topics and conduct field investigations.
Students develop their own island.
Students develop their own learning agenda, making learning purposeful and enjoyable.
Students develop their own learning contract.
Students develop their own learning plans with faculty advisors.
Students develop their own methods of image making and add text to produce finished books.
Students develop their own model of a real-world biological process.
Students develop their own personal counseling theory.
Students develop their own personal formularies during the course.
Students develop their own philosophy of education in the course.
Students develop their own philosophy of education.
Students develop their own program with the assistance of a staff member.
Students develop their own projects and videotape the final production.
Students develop their own research problem and devise and critique a method to study that problem.
Students develop their own schedules for study.
Students develop their own spending plan, based on current income and obligations.
Students develop their own strategies for solving practical problems.
Students develop their own strategies in aiding the younger students with their reading problems.
Students develop their own study plan and work schedule to further prepare for the actual test.
Students develop their own tactical approaches to understanding.
Students develop their own timelines and include pictures.
Students develop their own topic and work closely with a faculty member.
Students develop their own unique plan as part of the application process.
Students develop their own Web pages for potential business use.
Students develop their personal electronic design style.
Students develop their personal weaving style, including their own statement of the art of weaving.
Students develop their placement file and become acquainted with the job search process.
Students develop their proficiency in technical German.
Students develop their program of study in conjunction with their advisor.
Students develop their program of study with their faculty advisers in biology.
Students develop their programs in consultation with a faculty advisor.
Students develop their programs in cooperation with an economics faculty adviser.
Students develop their programs with the advice of departmental faculty.
Students develop their reading and writing skills first.
Students develop their reading comprehension skills by reading the text and handout materials.
Students develop their reading comprehension skills by reading the text handout materials.
Students develop their reading comprehension skills by reading the textbook and handout materials.
Students develop their reports into web pages for publication on the Internet.
Students develop their research skills and write a substantial research paper.
Students develop their riding skills through preparing for competitions.
Students develop their riding skills through preparing for hunter type competitions.
Students develop their scenario, in a short story format.
Students develop their selections through close consultation with a major advisor.
Students develop their sight vocabulary as they match the word cards to the chart.
Students develop their skills as they learn how to plan every aspect of a gallery exhibit.
Students develop their skills as writers and learn how to teach writing.
Students develop their skills in a variety of types of animated film production.
Students develop their skills in analysis, negotiation, writing and counseling.
Students develop their skills in completing simple sentences.
Students develop their skills in invention, organization, revision, and proofreading.
Students develop their skills in negotiations involving corporate, environmental and family issues.
Students develop their skills in oral and written expression.
Students develop their skills in pattern cutting and in the techniques for garment construction.
Students develop their skills through hands-on exercises and projects.
Students develop their skills while preparing a comprehensive portfolio.
Students develop their specific plan of study in consultation with their graduate advisor.
Students develop their technical skills in the laboratory.
Students develop their techniques through acting exercises and explore scenework from texts.
Students develop their understanding of how experimental knowledge is fitted with theory.
Students develop their writing skills through a variety of homework assignments, tests, and quizzes.
Students develop theoretical models from data presented in the text.
Students develop thinking, inquiry and investigation strategies are tools to synthesize information.
Students develop three programs and a final project.
Students develop time economies that are resistant to change.
Students develop time management and organizational skills.
Students develop tools for the job search and interview process.
Students develop touch keyboarding skills and learn proper use and care of hardware and software.
Students develop training modules for communication skills training.
Students develop training skills.
Students develop tremendous leadership experience on the two student senates.
Students develop trial skills through role playing exercises.
Students develop trigonometric concepts through hands-on measurement activities.
Students develop troubleshooting skill using voltmeters, ohmmeters and digital logic probes.
Students develop trust in themselves and others.
Students develop typing and data entry speed and accuracy on the keyboard and ten-key pad.
Students develop understanding of dance in historical, cultural, and aesthetic perspectives.
Students develop understandings from a variety of sources.
Students develop units that can be taught in elementary and secondary schools.
Students develop useful behavior classroom management resources.
Students develop valuable social and communication skills when working with teachers and peers.
Students develop visual literacy and research skills.
Students develop visual thinking and problem solving.
Students develop vocabulary and, at higher levels, practise proper word order by forming sentences.
Students develop ways of responding to problems identification and resolution.
Students develop Web pages and use the Internet for research.
Students develop web-pages for local business.
Students develop writing portfolios of their work.
Students develop writing skills through the study of varied formats focused on the arts.
Students develop writing, comprehension, and language skills through whole language instruction.
Students develop written and visual concepts, and write and rewrite advertising copy.
Students develop written goals and submit a final report concerning the experience.
Students develop written objectives and are assigned a supervising preceptor in the facility.
Students develop written objectives and are assigned a supervising preceptor within the facility.
Students develop written procedures which are used in simulated threat situations.
Students develop x-rays, learn computer applications and physicians office management.
Students develop, administer, and analyze their own rating scale.
Students develop, build, and present original work.
Students develop, conduct, and evaluate a public safety service project for their school community.
Students develop, conduct, and write reports on experiments in selected areas of perception.
Students develop, demonstrate, and document a range of competencies in school counseling.
Students develop, design and invent a contest, and program a commercial radio station.
Students develop, display, and justify non-standard ways of solving some problems.
Students develop, implement and report on their individual research investigations.
Students develop, lead, and evaluate short-term retreats for a variety of groups.
Students develop, manage, and maintain a personal web site.
Students develop, present and analyze persuasive messages.
Students develop, present and teach several short lessons at a local elementary school.
Students develop, select and use a range of strategies to solve problems.
Students develop, test, and market a commercial-quality piece of software.
Students develop, upload, and evaluate their web pages.
Students develope a viable prototype business.
Students developing lesson plans on particular topics can search the Web for examples.
Students develops communication skills through working with adults to create the web site.
Students deviating from the norm, take resources away from other students.
Students devise a compass rose and legends for their maps.
Students devise an experimental procedure to separate the compounds of a given mixture.
Students devise innovative ways of using available information technology resources.
Students devise methods of measuring themselves and other objects.
Students devise personal checklists and plans for maintaining their voice s or instruments.
Students devise separate collection systems and locate a suitable site for a composting facility.
Students devise solutions to litter prevention barriers.
Students devise strategies and test theories of managing internal and external communication.
Students devise, implement and evaluate a program for their internship placement in school.
Students devote an average of fifteen to twenty hours a week to their studies.
Students devote fulll days to working in the laboratory.
Students devote much time to writing and editing their own work.
Students devote one afternoon each week to volunteer work with disadvantaged children and adults.
Students devote the majority of their time to individual studio work.
Students devote two years of full-time study to complete the degree requirements.
Students devote Wednesdays to community service work for non-profit organizations of their choice.
Students diagnose and give remedial reading treatments to disabled individuals and small groups.
Students diagnose and remediate language inference in the first and second language.
Students diagnose and report a number of cases.
Students diagnose and treat disability cases under supervision.
Students diagnose learning needs and develop and implement learning activities.
Students diagram and write out in prose the procedures they follow in solving a problem.
Students dial into the university's Web site using a bank of hundreds of modems.
Students dialing into the SDSU modem pool only have access to SDSU specific information.
Students dialog with orbiting astronauts about space flight and on-board experiments.
Students dictate a story about being inside their favorite three-dimensional figure.
Students dictate captions for pictures or photographs of interest.
Students dictate our menu.
Students dictate stories to the teacher or share orally a common experience.
Students dictate to a person who writes what the students say.
Students die every year from alcohol poisoning.
Students differ a lot, whether they are alternate or traditional learners.
Students differ along many important dimensions.
Students differ in appearance, attitude, religion, age, lifestyle and ethnic background.
Students differ in cultural background, and in cultural literacy.
Students differ in prior knowledge, level of skills and have different specific learning speeds.
Students differ in the ways that they most effectively learn and show what they know.
Students differ in their ability to learn from lectures, readings, seminars, etc.
Students differ in their preferred styles of learning.
Students differentiate between freshwater and saltwater fishes.
Students differentiate between incremental budgeting and zero based budgeting.
Students differentiate between primary and secondary sources.
Students differentiate between the formal and informal organization.
Students differentiate between types of protists and compare types of eukaryotic cells.
Students differentiate causes of stress.
Students dig around the tooth, exposing it and the earthen pedestal it rests on.
Students dig snowpits, identify weak and strong layers, and practice routefinding.
Students dig up weeds, sprout seeds, and explore the ways plants are alike and different.
Students digest and rebuild.
Students dilute and wash live agents from a training table.
Students dine in a centrally located cafeteria.
Students dine in either of two recently renovated dining halls.
Students dine together for a total immersion experience.
Students dine together, often joined by faculty.
Students dip their buckets into the water to retrieve water samples.
Students direct a one-act play as the final project for the course.
Students direct a one-act play.
Students direct a workshop production.
Students direct at least four required productions, with opportunity for additional experience.
Students direct each other in scenes or short play projects.
Students direct one-act plays.
Students direct their own presidential campaign, and form opinions on their own presidential picks.
Students direct their own projects and perform in their classmates' work.
Students direct, act and mount one-act and experimental plays.
Students directly apply knowledge and skills acquired earlier to a new and challenging experience.
Students directly enroll in classes of all disciplines.
Students directly enroll in courses at their host university.
Students disagree on whether the charge is too high.
Students disappear when their last exam is done.
Students disassemble and assemble engines, checking, servicing and repairing components and systems.
Students disassemble the equipment to learn how it functions.
Students discern the emotional, psychological, historical, and social contexts of fiction.
Students discern the interaction of the target language with target culture.
Students discern very quickly if the teacher is displaying a negative attitude.
Students discipline themselves so they can learn and graduate.
Students discount negotiable.
Students discover . . .
Students discover a variety of ways potential energy can be stored and released as kinetic energy.
Students discover and apply mathematics, thereby engaging in reading and problem solving every day.
Students discover and apply thought processes utilized by composers.
Students discover and connect mathematical ideas through interactive explorations.
Students discover and describe new applications for technology tools beyond their original purposes.
Students discover and evaluate their personal intelligences.
Students discover and explore the natural environment through hands-on activities in small groups.
Students discover and share facts using a variety of books, magazines, videos, etc.
Students discover and share knowledge and instructors guide and advise.
Students discover and understand the characteristics of organisms.
Students discover applications for the materials in the real world.
Students discover at the same time that the staff is positive, enthusiastic, and deeply caring.
Students discover basic principles.
Students discover by doing real work oriented to real outcomes.
Students discover compassion and learn about forgiveness.
Students discover differences.
Students discover different aspects of creating a sculptural composition.
Students discover diversity on a tree, compare it to their community.
Students discover exactly which day it is for several different calendars.
Students discover facts and concepts while completing their tasks.
Students discover for themselves many of the key ideas of statistics.
Students discover how all sentence parts fit together to make sense and express an idea.
Students discover how animals adapt to their environment and to seasonal cycles.
Students discover how exciting front-line research can be.
Students discover how proper writing gets results.
Students discover how scientists use physical structure to sort and classify animals.
Students discover how similar, yet different, everyone is globally.
Students discover how sound travel though demonstration and a participation.
Students discover how subjects and issues are interrelated.
Students discover how to make dynamic, positive, lasting impressions.
Students discover information.
Students discover Irish music in learning to play the pennywhistle.
Students discover knowledge rather than faculty simply transferring information to students.
Students discover new genes in an investigative undergraduate molecular biology course.
Students discover new ways of trading and managing risk.
Students discover past connections to the present in family names.
Students discover plant parts, their functions and life cycles as they investigate real plants.
Students discover principles, methods, and materials for teaching music in the elementary classroom.
Students discover principles.
Students discover science as a process and discuss the role of science and technology in society.
Students discover science.
Students discover significant properties of polygons using manipulatives.
Students discover that a liquid takes on the shape of the container it is in.
Students discover that all animals depend on plants.
Students discover that all organisms cause changes in the environment in which they live.
Students discover that all rectangles with the same length to width ratio are similar.
Students discover that anyone who is willing to learn can dance.
Students discover that cataloguing a film means more than browsing through reference books.
Students discover that discretionary changes in policy become ineffective.
Students discover that economics can be interesting and engaging.
Students discover that education takes place outside the classroom as well as inside.
Students discover that everything comes from the environment.
Students discover that explaining a concept aides their own understanding.
Students discover that familiar geometric shapes can be found in nature.
Students discover that good citizenship begins with respect, honesty, kindness and more.
Students discover that leadership is an unique life long learning journey.
Students discover that one piece is different from the others.
Students discover that seeds that are grown in moist conditions germinate in greater numbers.
Students discover that the boxes contain different numbers of raisins.
Students discover that the completed homework is the pass to participating in the discussions.
Students discover that the foods in the fruit group help their bodies heal cuts and bruises.
Students discover that the position and motion of objects can be changed by pushing or pulling.
Students discover that the research experience far exceeds their expectations.
Students discover that the waves only happen when certain conditions are met.
Students discover that their enjoyment of the materials builds as their concentration deepens.
Students discover that they already know quite a few physics principles.
Students discover that they are very much at home in school.
Students discover that they can think like scientists.
Students discover that they have more knowledge is effective.
Students discover the ability to seek information and report the information in a tangible format.
Students discover the age of a wood sample by comparing it to a dated chart.
Students discover the ancient roots of herbalism and the history behind modern medicine.
Students discover the answers to questions in cooperative groups with their partners.
Students discover the application of math concepts in the real world.
Students discover the conditions necessary for electrical and magnetic interaction.
Students discover the contributions of national heroes.
Students discover the correlation between experience and ideas.
Students discover the design process and how engineers influence their lives.
Students discover the effect of Martian dust storms on temperatures.
Students discover the fun and adventure of learning about their world and their universe.
Students discover the generalities of the subject on the basis of practice examples.
Students discover the importance of their individual contribution to family, school and community.
Students discover the importance of uniform walls, draft angles, and shaping for good material flow.
Students discover the importance of work habits and teamwork skills at school, home, and on the job.
Students discover the joy of cooking while making a variety of recipes.
Students discover the joy of exploring challenging, non-routine math problems.
Students discover the newspaper is much more than current events.
Students discover the power of imagination captured in performance.
Students discover the properties of sound through exploration and experimentation.
Students discover the properties of sound throughexploration and experimentation.
Students discover the ratio between their heights and the lengths of their intestines.
Students discover the subjectivity of assigning F-scale values.
Students discover the wonders of nature right beneath their feet.
Students discover the world of literature through excerpts and novels, poems, and short stories.
Students discover their own personal learning style .
Students discover their spiritual nature through extending their compassion for learning to others.
Students discover their strong and weak points through co-op employment.
Students discover their strong and weak points through Co-op employment.
Students discover their talents and career interests and career plan accordingly.
Students discover their talents and career interests.
Students discover there s a lot of life in mud.
Students discover they are prepared to take tests without cramming.
Students discover things they hadlittle suspected.
Students discover uses and applications for the materials in the real world.
Students discover ways to achieve textural effects, as well as depth and form, in individual work.
Students discover ways to be more effective time managers.
Students discover what animals live in and around water sources in their area.
Students discover what causes seasons.
Students discover what happens when someone uses a check instead of cash to make a payment.
Students discover what is in a black box through careful observation, hypothesizing and testing.
Students discover what issues concern theorists currently active in the field.
Students discover what it is really like to work in the field of their choice.
Students discover what it means to be coached and what it takes to be a coach.
Students discover what it takes to be a volunteer and come to class prepared for discussion.
Students discover what life was like, on Mount Desert Island, at the turn of the century.
Students discover what specific animals do to survive.
Students discover where a variety of animals live.
Students discover where and how animals live and learn how to classify birds, mammals, and reptiles.
Students discover which colour of heart shaped candy is found most often in a bag.
Students discover with their hands.
Students discover, develop and express their individuality during their college years.
Students discriminate between information that is essential or unnecessary information.
Students discriminate between information that is relevant and eliminates unnecessary information.
Students discriminate effective writing from that which is mediocre.
Students discriminate in the use of logical sources.
Students discuss a list of questions related to human nature.
Students discuss a series of topics drawn from the American experience.
Students discuss about various readings.
Students discuss all categories and items within each category.
Students discuss an assigned reading prior to class.
Students discuss and analyze every play and respond to it in writing.
Students discuss and analyze outside texts and original work from the class.
Students discuss and compare the results.
Students discuss and conduct research with faculty who are trained in their areas of interest.
Students discuss and critique qualitative and quantitative nursing studies.
Students discuss and defend contradicting results.
Students discuss and describe their experiences in journals and interviews.
Students discuss and develop guidelines for web-based information evaluation with the class.
Students discuss and develop individual plans of study together with their concentration adviser.
Students discuss and develop unique and stimulating models of spaces.
Students discuss and evaluate the decision making process.
Students discuss and evaluate the problem solving process.
Students discuss and explore their role and response in specific case studies.
Students discuss and explore topics in their chosen field while forming lasting friendships.
Students discuss and help choose the areas in which major emphasis is placed.
Students discuss and participate in creative visual thinking.
Students discuss and practice the skills taught.
Students discuss and predict the jury's decision.
Students discuss and present problems in applied statistics important for actuaries.
Students discuss and present their information to the class.
Students discuss and teacher rotates to assess what students have learned so far.
Students discuss and try out their ideas and challenge the ideas of others.
Students discuss and work on problems together, which they then turn in individually to be graded.
Students discuss and write a paragraph to describe the relationship between the variables.
Students discuss and write about art as they make their way through Europe.
Students discuss animal characteristics by talking about their pets.
Students discuss animal rights, possible dangers, and other ethical implications.
Students discuss any conflicts in the story and predict the outcome.
Students discuss apathy, fear, and insecurity as inhibitors to effective group dynamics.
Students discuss appropriate verbal text for the speech bubbles.
Students discuss art and how it effects their culture.
Students discuss as a group the rules that they used in sorting the information.
Students discuss as a group, budgeting and deadlines with themselves and the client.
Students discuss assigned readings and complete a term paper.
Students discuss assigned texts in Yiddish.
Students discuss assigned topics in small group discussions.
Students discuss attributes of the target language culture.
Students discuss being empowered and disempowered.
Students discuss bills of national concern written by fellow legislators and themselves.
Students discuss characteristics of good long underwear and examine different types of fabrics.
Students discuss characters as examples of stereotypes such as hero, fair maiden, villain, etc.
Students discuss classifications.
Students discuss classroom management procedure based on field observations.
Students discuss commonalities of aging discovered from interviews and literature.
Students discuss contemporary issues and explore psychological phenomena in the laboratory sessions.
Students discuss current events.
Students discuss current issues and regulations involving ethical standards in all media.
Students discuss current social work issues an d provide peer assistance with projects.
Students discuss current topics and practices in the area of sport medicine.
Students discuss differences between measuring tools.
Students discuss different ideas that they feel are interesting from the video.
Students discuss different leadership styles.
Students discuss different methods of gathering accurate measurements.
Students discuss difficult readings, write essays and take tests.
Students discuss each other's strengths and the successes of each rehearsal.
Students discuss emerging applications and how new approaches can be integrated into classrooms.
Students discuss essay organization, support for points, and the needs of an audience.
Students discuss ethical and legal issues in management.
Students discuss experimental methods and observations as well as theories and generalizations.
Students discuss factors.
Students discuss findings and how they investigated the problem.
Students discuss flowers and their different colours.
Students discuss geographic concepts of location and physical and human characteristics of places.
Students discuss gestures and symbols as forms of communication.
Students discuss graphs and talk about their estimations and comparisons.
Students discuss guidelines for careful logging and compliance monitoring.
Students discuss health promotion and disease prevention.
Students discuss heroes in their lives, such as family members and friends.
Students discuss heroism and make a collaborative black and white mural of a hero.
Students discuss high and low tones in relation to the amount of water in the identical containers.
Students discuss historical as well as contemporary examples.
Students discuss how diversity enriches the world.
Students discuss how humans interact with nature.
Students discuss how ice changes to water as it gets hotter.
Students discuss how ice changes to water as it warms.
Students discuss how illness can be caused by water pollution.
Students discuss how masks are used in rituals and how masks help to understand African culture.
Students discuss how the objects are alike.
Students discuss how the policy making process varies across different issue areas.
Students discuss how their memories and experiences relate to course theme.
Students discuss how they can find the average-sized person.
Students discuss how they decided what was missing.
Students discuss how they determine beginning and ending points.
Students discuss how they made their decisions.
Students discuss how to control and manage voice equipment.
Students discuss how to describe the size of a truck.
Students discuss how to repeat the experiment with a better design.
Students discuss ideas about trees in succession.
Students discuss ideas using brainstorming techniques.
Students discuss if the number of blocks they actually used was more or less than their estimate.
Students discuss importance of sight and hearing.
Students discuss in group - write the outputs of observation to the work sheet.
Students discuss inequalities women face in the workplace as well as in the greater society.
Students discuss initial ideas on project topics.
Students discuss internship and career opportunities with representatives of different companies.
Students discuss issues related to mediation within their specialty area.
Students discuss issues related to the readings for the class.
Students discuss job search techniques and professional issues including advocacy.
Students discuss key points and look for divergent and convergent thinking and ideas.
Students discuss lectures and work together using computer bulletin boards, E-mail, and live chats.
Students discuss legal issues and how attitudes affect the safe operation of a motor vehicle.
Students discuss literary selections with parent volunteers.
Students discuss loneliness of older people.
Students discuss mathematics with each other.
Students discuss microeconomic topics including supply, demand, and markets.
Students discuss notebooks.
Students discuss one another's ideas.
Students discuss or demonstrate various ways to separate mixtures by physical means.
Students discuss other common attributes of each of the groups.
Students discuss own opinions given subject.
Students discuss papers from the recent literature.
Students discuss patterns and create a printed tee shirt.
Students discuss personal growth and critique the program and the placement.
Students discuss plays in terms of theme, historical perspective and relevance.
Students discuss poems in groups and with the class.
Students discuss poems in groups.
Students discuss positive and negative aspects.
Students discuss possible ways to arrange the hands into columns.
Students discuss potential risks associated with use.
Students discuss problem solving with their families.
Students discuss problems they had while creating their home pages.
Students discuss questions related to prejudice.
Students discuss real-life trespassing incidents and the glorification of trespassing in the media.
Students discuss reasons for writing, including writing to persuade the reader.
Students discuss recent developments in educational thinking and practice.
Students discuss regional interdependence and identify goods the U.S. produces and trades.
Students discuss relevant materia medica, therapeutic protocols and pathophysiology.
Students discuss research ideas.
Students discuss results within groups, then groups share with class.
Students discuss results.
Students discuss role of hypotheses and attributes.
Students discuss scenario.
Students discuss scenes from Macbeth.
Students discuss selected topics in educational psychology.
Students discuss serious issues with each other, sometimes for the first time.
Students discuss similarities and differences of the ritual events.
Students discuss social skills, employability skills, and career interests.
Students discuss solutions with others.
Students discuss some assigned readings and share their research experiences and findings.
Students discuss stereotypes and soul and everything in between.
Students discuss strategies for estimating and solving double-digit multiplication problems.
Students discuss such issues as child safety.
Students discuss technical issues affecting animation such as speed and compression.
Students discuss technique before entering the climbing area.
Students discuss terms such as population density, demographics, urban sprawl, etc.
Students discuss the author's purpose for putting the parrot in the story.
Students discuss the benefits and pitfalls of certain everyday connections.
Students discuss the benefits of postponing sexual involvement and some strategies for doing that.
Students discuss the best book among books they have read.
Students discuss the biologic basis for altered health in persons across the lifespan.
Students discuss the cases via e-mail.
Students discuss the certainty or uncertainty of and distinguish between a guess and an estimate.
Students discuss the challenges of cross-cultural learning and living.
Students discuss the characteristics of life in the country, in a suburb, and in a city.
Students discuss the characteristics of the path.
Students discuss the connection between revealed collection and story.
Students discuss the decision making process and people's roles in helping others to make decisions.
Students discuss the depiction of everyday life and society as portrayed in the cinema.
Students discuss the difference between a guess and a prediction.
Students discuss the difference between real and fictional events.
Students discuss the differences between a dump and a sanitary landfill, and design a safe landfill.
Students discuss the differences between force, motion, and mass.
Students discuss the effects of the global economy on themselves and the organization.
Students discuss the errors made in each scene and enjoy seeing their peers in acting roles.
Students discuss the ethical and legal aspects of running a massage and bodywork practice.
Students discuss the expectations and are given many opportunities to work collaboratively.
Students discuss the findings as a class.
Students discuss the folk tales with the whole class.
Students discuss the following questions to clarify their thinking.
Students discuss the following questions.
Students discuss the games and costumes of the Renaissance Festival.
Students discuss the implications of their findings .
Students discuss the implications suggested by similarities and differences.
Students discuss the importance of locomotives.
Students discuss the impressions created by the student skits.
Students discuss the moral and the cultural traditions revealed in the story.
Students discuss the myths surrounding physical fitness and identify the components of fitness.
Students discuss the origins of papermaking and the natural resources needed to make paper.
Students discuss the problem, correct the script, and practice the new version.
Students discuss the promise and paradoxes of German philosophy and culture.
Students discuss the proposal with the dean of the college that offers the course.
Students discuss the question and ask follow-up questions to extend their meaning.
Students discuss the question, making certain that every group member knows the agreed upon answer.
Students discuss the ransom notes and how they can be freed.
Students discuss the rationale and appropriateness of choosing particular strategies.
Students discuss the readings and meet with instructors and guest artists in Live Chat.
Students discuss the reasoning they used in making their estimates.
Students discuss the reasons why their list was different from the actual wedding.
Students discuss the results as a class and analyze why the classifier works as it does.
Students discuss the results recorded on a class graph.
Students discuss the results.
Students discuss the role of proteins in living things.
Students discuss the role reproduction plays in the cycle of life.
Students discuss the series in pairs or small groups.
Students discuss the significance of the Texas Declaration of Independence and Constitution.
Students discuss the significance of the Texas Declaration of Independence and the Constitution.
Students discuss the similarities and differences of their patterns.
Students discuss the status of the magazine and problems they are having.
Students discuss the story and the literary device alliteration found on many pages.
Students discuss the story with teacher prompting when necessary.
Students discuss the structure of a star.
Students discuss the term entrepreneur, and the advantages and disadvantages of being self-employed.
Students discuss the use of oral history projects and the use of folklore in the curriculum.
Students discuss the use of recycling and conservation in preserving non-renewable resources.
Students discuss the use of technology and the environment.
Students discuss the uses of groundwater in their community.
Students discuss the value of eelgrass as habitat for crabs, seahorses, etc.
Students discuss the variety of topiary shapes and garden design found in the pictures.
Students discuss the work in regular meetings with their supervisors.
Students discuss the work they have done and what they have learned.
Students discuss their article in class.
Students discuss their board games and how they represent their lives.
Students discuss their career aspirations and their views on education.
Students discuss their comparisons.
Students discuss their concept of wilderness, write down their perceptions and report to the class.
Students discuss their experience at a weekly seminar.
Students discuss their experience in a seminar format.
Students discuss their experiences from that class.
Students discuss their feelings at certain times.
Students discuss their fieldwork and complete independent research.
Students discuss their findings in class in small groups.
Students discuss their inferences with the class or a small group and justify their inference.
Students discuss their investigations, proposing explanations and conclusions.
Students discuss their observations in a two-page paper about the packaging handled.
Students discuss their own work in class and share with others their process as writers.
Students discuss their papers.
Students discuss their projects, topics, design, access, results to date.
Students discuss their proposal at the beginning of the examination.
Students discuss their reasoning processes with other learners.
Students discuss their results and observations.
Students discuss their results and the relationship to chaos theory.
Students discuss their sculptures of the persons they are becoming.
Students discuss their strategies for making the estimates.
Students discuss their thoughts in groups and write down some of their ideas.
Students discuss their writings with peers.
Students discuss times they have been in conflict.
Students discuss topics specified by the instructors, such as advertising and the environment.
Students discuss training in multicultural sensitivity.
Students discuss trustworthiness in the workplace.
Students discuss type and number of hypotheses.
Students discuss validity and reliability in testing and their importance.
Students discuss various models of ethical decision-making.
Students discuss various technical topics and questions from their reading in fundamental textbooks.
Students discuss various ways of matching distance.
Students discuss victimization and the impact of crime, violence and guns on their community.
Students discuss ways to change the campus environment to make it a more supportive one.
Students discuss ways to stay safe while riding in cars.
Students discuss wearing proper equipment.
Students discuss what a car needs to run.
Students discuss what happens when a whole country allows group exclusion.
Students discuss what it takes for a rule to be effective.
Students discuss what they have learned and share listening examples of their concert pieces.
Students discuss what they have read and are tested on what is remembered.
Students discuss what they have written.
Students discuss what they learned from the whole process of creating their personal home pages.
Students discuss what they now know about measuring.
Students discuss what they read with teachers and other students.
Students discuss what they wrote in pairs, small and large groups.
Students discuss what to observe.
Students discuss whether they like or dislike the celebrity and give reasons.
Students discuss which of the above is the most common-and why.
Students discuss why it is important to use a common starting line when making comparisons.
Students discuss why prices are the way they are.
Students discuss why the poem is a secondary source of information.
Students discuss why the tapes are different lengths.
Students discuss with a partner their favorite CD's.
Students discuss with their peers why they have grouped things in the way they have.
Students discuss with three other students.
Students discuss within corners, then listen to and paraphrase ideas from other corners.
Students discuss women's experiences and perspectives over time and within changing social contexts.
Students discuss writer's block and invention strategies.
Students dislike classroom rules.
Students dislike the long walk to the new English class after their other was destroyed by fire.
Students dislike waste.
Students dismantle and reassemble a variery of heating system components and appliances.
Students dismiss nondocumented information as unreliable and concentrate on supportable issues.
Students display a basic geographical understanding of the world.
Students display an excellent grasp of comet concepts.
Students display artwork and other learning projects in community businesses and service projects.
Students display basic knowledge of major world events and developments during the modern period.
Students display basic knowledge of major world religions and philosophies.
Students display behavior.
Students display both knowledge of and enthusiasm for the project.
Students display chairs and bookshelves they have made in industrial arts classes.
Students display confidence in their strengths and have a positive self image.
Students display data in a graphical form.
Students display data.
Students display demanding, higher order thinking skills .
Students display examples which they find in their own world, or which they create.
Students display excellence in academic, extra-curricular and civic activities.
Students display global awareness and respect for their environment.
Students display home pages.
Students display illustrations for viewing and discussion.
Students display in a Poster an electrical safety rule.
Students display knowledge.
Students display nonjudgmental attitudes towards disparate value systems and beliefs.
Students display posters throughout school.
Students display projects and take the Neighborhood Naturalist Pledge.
Students display projects they've worked on throughout the study.
Students display specialized organizational and administrative skills related to school counseling.
Students display the maps they constructed from play dough.
Students display their annual scrapbook.
Students display their finished projects.
Students display their knowledge and understanding in different ways.
Students display their knowledge by writing a thesis, presenting the results of a special project.
Students display their knowledge by, presenting the results of a special project.
Students display their understanding of one of the economic concepts listed on the entry form .
Students display their work for a curious viewer.
Students display their work in a show given at the end of the semester.
Students display their work.
Students display unity at sporting events, student conventions, and combined opening exercises.
Students display unusual behavior.
Students display web information to teach others.
Students display work for critique.
Students display, analyze and interpret data they have generated or taken from resources.
Students disregard cognitive levels and feelings of others.
Students disruptive in large groups.
Students dissect a cow's eye.
Students dissect a sponge and count and identify the commensal organisms in the animal.
Students dissect and compare conflicting theories.
Students dissect and study cadavers and tissue specimens from common domestic species.
Students dissect lamprey, shark, mud puppy, and cat.
Students dissect selected representative vertebrates.
Students dissect the cat, examine charts, models and selected human and other mammalian materials.
Students dissect the cat, examine charts, models, and selected human and other mammalian materials.
Students dissect the plant parts and observe through the scope.
Students dissect two consecutive versions and identify product improvements.
Students dissect, count and begin constructing a histogram with their data.
Students dissect, reassemble and troubleshoot a lawnmower engine.
Students dissolve a sugar cube and the same mass of sugar crystals in equal amounts of water.
Students distinguish among the major schools and systems of psychology and methods of investigation.
Students distinguish between fact and fiction.
Students distinguish between formula domain and range and problem domain and range.
Students distinguish between leadership and management.
Students distinguish between science and pseudo science through a series of activities and readings.
Students distinguish fact from opinion in historical narratives and stories.
Students distinguish the physical features and human made features in their own neighborhoods.
Students distinguish valid arguments from fallacious arguments in historical interpretations.
Students distribute copies of and read from their work.
Students distribute materials quickly by matching the container symbol to the hanging symbol.
Students distribute ribbons for the vigil.
Students dive everyday, beginning with the horizontal, flat position.
Students divide a paper lengthwise to make two columns for their learning guide.
Students divide a sheet of paper into thirds.
Students divide and organize the information into categories.
Students divide each of the colored drops into three drops.
Students divide food labels according to where they fall on the food pyramid.
Students divide into cooperative groups to investigate the moon.
Students divide into cooperative learning teams to dissect the pellets.
Students divide into endorsement fields to complete the methods and advanced methods.
Students divide into five groups with five to six people in each group.
Students divide into grade specific classrooms where they study Hebrew.
Students divide into groups by habitat.
Students divide into groups of five.
Students divide into groups.
Students divide into preselected groups and walk to three appointed areas in the room.
Students divide into seven groups of two or three members.
Students divide into small groups and select a historic event from the list.
Students divide into teams and tackle the lengthy process of photography, layout and editing.
Students divide into three teams, representing one of the companies.
Students divide project report into parts to write.
Students divide the day between academic instruction and community service work.
Students divide the pieces equally, eat the whole earth and complete the student worksheet.
Students divide the stems into the two categories and make observations.
Students divide the stories among the team members.
Students divide their academic and research efforts between the campuses of the two institutions.
Students divide their goals into weekly sub-goals and chart their weekly progress.
Students divide their school day between the three cluster classrooms.
Students divide their task among the group members.
Students divide their time between academics in school and trades training in a workplace.
Students divide their time between home and school.
Students divide their time between the classroom and the newsroom.
Students divide their time between the classroom, field experiences and work experience activities.
Students divide their time between the hospital and clinics.
Students divide their weekly schedules between classes and a part-time field placement position.
Students divide themselves into groups to write stories for different stanzas.
Students divide themselves into groups.
Students divide up into groups.
Students divide up into small groups and work together to apply what they learned at the web site.
Students divide up the mark themselves according to the amount of work each has done.
Students divide up the study tasks and adjourn the meeting to dig into the literature.
Students do a better job when they know they have to share their information with other students.
Students do a career analysis of the options available within their chosen area of interest.
Students do a career assessment that delineates areas of strength, interest, and ability.
Students do a case study of one moral problem.
Students do a composition using a variety of brush and layering techniques to enrich the design.
Students do a critical examination of the works of a selected author or authors.
Students do a critical review of a scholarly book pertinent to their own research topic.
Students do a fast write of what they have learned.
Students do a filing simulation using all five types of filing systems.
Students do a final proof-read of their own writing.
Students do a good job when on duty.
Students do a great variety of writing which is carefully corrected and discussed.
Students do a group activity where they draw their special cloud formations and make a class graph.
Students do a lot of one to one consulting in media support to faculty and university departments.
Students do a number of exercises to enhance their creative thinking skills.
Students do a peer edit by exchanging workstations.
Students do a peer editing session.
Students do a photo-essay each term in addition to the regular assignments.
Students do a presentation to their classmates.
Students do a project on the simulator, or do a special programming project.
Students do a report on the biography of Victor Hugo.
Students do a research project in a relevant area.
Students do a research project on a topic of their choice.
Students do a rough draft of their resume.
Students do a script breakdown and storyboard for a scene they then videotape.
Students do a seven-month international consulting project.
Students do a similar activity on the class Website.
Students do a storyboard.
Students do a substantial amount of writing.
Students do a team project.
Students do a term project as well as smaller papers on the readings.
Students do a three camera shoot.
Students do a variety of projects in which they produce functioning applets.
Students do a variety of projects pertaining to our units of study.
Students do a variety of service projects to earn points for a grade.
Students do a wide reading in the various genre of children s literature.
Students do activities offline, then reflect online.
Students do activities.
Students do additional research on habitat protection or Endangered Species Act.
Students do additional work beyond the scope of the standard course.
Students do advanced reporting and writing for magazines and newspapers.
Students do all and if any difficulty, student asks instructor for help in class.
Students do all of the framing, install the roof, siding and tile.
Students do all of their own fabrication.
Students do all the necessary activities including contact preparations.
Students do all the performing.
Students do all the planning and management of the restaurant during the school year.
Students do all their core subjects with their homegroup.
Students do all their own calculations.
Students do all their own cooking and cleaning.
Students do all their own laundry including their linen.
Students do all their research for the activities on the Internet.
Students do all work on-line, including electronic submission of answers to their instructor.
Students do also, as long as the bus driver reports the violation to the school system.
Students do an experiment with a bouncing ball.
Students do an in depth study of and apply advanced practice nursing interventions.
Students do an online search for their project.
Students do an oral presentation of their myth to the class.
Students do an outside activity in which they simulate a food web.
Students do and feel something more like the intended applications.
Students do appear to be getting more involved in their sophomore years.
Students do as much as the planning and implementation work as possible.
Students do as well with inexpensive or homemade materials as with costly, commercial versions.
Students do assignments that correlate with the online lessons.
Students do attend a lecture, however, that lecture is extremely large.
Students do best when they attend class regularly.
Students do better in tests and examinations when they drink water through study sessions.
Students do better on exams if they eat a good breakfast before class.
Students do better on exams when tested in the room where they learned.
Students do better on state proficiency tests and college entrance examinations.
Students do better when challenged.
Students do better when dad is actively involved.
Students do better when their parents are involved.
Students do better when they appreciate their own unique learning styles and strengths.
Students do better when they know someone is watching.
Students do better, educators say, when their writing lessons are reinforced at home.
Students do better.
Students do care.
Students DO change their minds, however.
Students do class evaluation.
Students do class projects and small group video projects outside of class.
Students do classroom presentations, discuss the texts, and write several essays.
Students do collaborative project work, help each other learn and assess one another.
Students do community service and outreach projects to learn about civic responsibility.
Students do community service work at a nearby convalescent home as well as tutor younger students.
Students do comparison shopping based on items that are for sale in multiples.
Students do connect through e-mail and have interesting and valuable experiences doing so.
Students do consider their dress a means of personal expression.
Students do cook for themselves.
Students do cooperate, do share skills.
Students do cooperative activities.
Students do current events presentations, read newspapers and prepare book reports.
Students do currently have access to the earlier print edition.
Students do daily journal writing.
Students do daily presentations on assigned topics.
Students do daily silent reading and they are read aloud to daily.
Students do data analysis of laboratory data with cricket.
Students do disagree, sometimes strongly.
Students do dissection on a wide variety of organisms, including working with a cadaver.
Students do drywall and painting.
Students do easy alternate basic or knee lifts.
Students DO eat lunch when there's half a day.
Students do editing, writing, etc.
Students do electrical and plumbing work.
Students do environmental research or service projects.
Students do estuarine, riverine, and ocean sampling of living creatures that inhabit our coastline.
Students do everything from minor adjustments of engines to major rebuilds.
Students do everything, from taking pictures, writing articles, to creating the layout.
Students do exercise five.
Students do exercise one.
Students do exercises and are given feedback.
Students do exercises, develop simulations, and graphics applications.
Students do experiments each week that coordinate with the topics being studied.
Students do experiments.
Students do express concern about safety.
Students do extensive close reading of texts, using their grammatical skills to construct meaning.
Students do fall asleep in class.
Students do far more studying than do pupils.
Students do far more than serve up food, pour coffee, and wash pots.
Students do fieldwork with public and private agencies at the local, state, and federal level.
Students do final revision of story.
Students do find other things to engage their attention.
Students do find ways to fund themselves, meeting both tuition fees and cost of living expenses.
Students do first four lines individually.
Students do follow the parties.
Students do foundational courses in their first year.
Students do funny, absurd and embarrassing things to avoid work.
Students do genuine, collaborative biological research with faculty, usually funded by grants.
Students do get a game report at the end of each session, which they can print.
Students do get busy and are notoriously thoughtless about keeping in touch.
Students do get feedback.
Students do go further in depth when they are searching for information.
Students do great and go on to do great things.
Students do group problem solving.
Students do group work most class days.
Students do group work to better understand and develop skills in group management.
Students do hands-on research with real objects.
Students do hands-on work in caring for animals, as well as a number of other projects.
Students do hard time over spring break and like it.
Students do have a right to receive other news resources.
Students do have a say.
Students do have a tendency to talk during class presentations.
Students do have a voice.
Students do have access to a tutor or special education needs, too.
Students do have alternative choices for selling books.
Students do have Internet access if needed.
Students do have limited use of the middle school library and computer lab.
Students do have major responsibility for being motivated, but faculty can still help a great deal.
Students do have options.
Students do have the opportunity to evaluate their professors.
Students do have the option of making tuition payments for each semester in two payments.
Students do have the option of purchasing senior photos through any photography studio.
Students do have the option to accelerate the program and complete it in less time.
Students do have the option to double major in two of our disciplines.
Students do have the right to and a legal obligation to attend school until a certain age.
Students do have the right to pray on their own.
Students do have the right to withhold their information from the telephone directory.
Students do have their gripes.
Students do have to be able to make up the difference with funds from their own resources.
Students do have to make sacrifices, but the returns in terms of salary are good.
Students do have to pay application, assessment and services fees, however.
Students do have to pay.
Students do homework as directed.
Students do homework, technology projects, and work with tutors if necessary.
Students do however have the option to choose a semester or a full year of study.
Students do however have the option to choose a semester or full year of study.
Students do however receive a statement of results.
Students do however recognize that a cost differential exists.
Students do improve greatly, but when compared to rich schools, the scores still lag behind.
Students do in-class debating.
Students do in-class exercises to generate new work.
Students do individual lab work in a facility with net access.
Students do internships for many reasons.
Students do internships in the elementary schools.
Students do introductory programming for a portion of the course.
Students do it, faculty members do it, administrators do it.
Students do just as well in later courses.
Students do know the rules.
Students do know what's about to come down.
Students do learn from their mistakes if they have to deal with the consequences.
Students do listen better if the instructor is present.
Students do listen when the directions for the Fire Drill are given.
Students do make mistakes.
Students do make the difference in a campus environment.
Students do many design technology projects.
Students do many different sports , exercises and activities using the body .
Students do many different sports, exercises and activities using the body.
Students do microteaching.
Students do more homework.
Students do more independent study.
Students do more than compose and record in a studio setting, however.
Students do more than follow the school curriculum.
Students do more than listen, watch, and mimic isolated procedures.
Students do more than listen.
Students do more than participate in groups on campus.
Students do most of the designing and making of the individual quilt piece at home.
Students do most of the talking, as is customary here.
Students do most of the work and most of the talking.
Students do most of the work themselves with guidance from the instructor.
Students do most of their analysis in the frequncy domain using Bode plots and root locus plots.
Students do most of their counting by ones.
Students do most of their work at tables and on the floor of the classroom.
Students do much better in school if parents show an interest.
Students do much better when they test on the same schedule as their peers.
Students do much more writing and a lot of it centers around social studies and science.
Students do much of the work on their own schedule and submit their papers electronically.
Students do mustache and beard cutting and practice men's hair cutting on models.
Students do no writing.
Students do notneed to log into their courses at the same time as their classmates.
Students do now have to have a specific idea in mind.
Students do now have to show a source of income to qualify.
Students do obtain the lessons on tape and do use that material, though few use it in the Lab.
Students do odd jobs to earn money for holiday gifts for needy children.
Students do on-bike field studies and a final project.
Students do one brief case presentation.
Students do one final-year project in one or both of their major subject areas.
Students do one physics tutorial each week in both semesters.
Students do online selection of the employers to whom they wish their resumes to be sent.
Students do on-site work in producing multimedia materials.
Students do origami, haiku , and a variety of art projects.
Students do original research through weekly guided exercises which are discussed in class.
Students do original research.
Students do outrageous things with make-up, hair and clothing.
Students do paper.
Students do part of the law course locally and transfer to a foreign university for the final part.
Students do part of their academic work with other American students and part with local students.
Students do participant-observation research in an urban classroom.
Students do pay a fee to go towards the purchasing of groceries for the Co-op.
Students do peer editing in their writing groups.
Students do peer responses on the work based on the peer response sheet.
Students do perform better if they attend class regularly.
Students do practical laboratory and fieldwork throughout the course.
Students do practical work in copywriting, ad design, layout, and campaign strategy.
Students do practicals at clinics etc during the degree .
Students do prefer using the computer in writing.
Students do presentation.
Students do presentations of their own research.
Students do presentations on special topics.
Students do problems.
Students do problem-solving.
Students do projects at different levels from design of building details to planning.
Students do projects for real clients as part of the campaigns course.
Students do projects using word processing, spreadsheet, and database software.
Students do radio disc jockeying in the morning before school starts and during the lunch break.
Students do rate different academic fields differently.
Students do reading, role playing, and have outside clinical experiences.
Students do readings in Spanish, prepare compositions and other exercises, and expand vocabulary.
Students do readings in Spanish, prepare translations and other exercises, and expand vocabulary.
Students do rebuttal drills, extemporaneous and interpretive reading practice and more.
Students do receive an annual stipend.
Students do receive some counseling at the time of the visit.
Students do recognize, though, how pervasive media is.
Students do reconsider coming here in part because of the financial situation.
Students do repair and production jobs.
Students do repair and projection jobs.
Students do research and adapt assignments as appropriate to their disciplines.
Students do research and come to their own decisions.
Students do research and develop exhibits.
Students do research and produce an illustrated report on creatures and ecology of the habitat.
Students do research for their presentation.
Students do research in Russian culture.
Students do research on a career.
Students do research on police work and all aspects of criminal procedure.
Students do research on special topics in the honors class.
Students do research on special topics in the Honors class.
Students do research on their topic in the library or by using resources in the room.
Students do research paper.
Students do research, relax, travel, visit home, explore Boston, or get a job to earn some money.
Students do research.
Students do reviewing and feature writing.
Students do revisions on their own.
Students do revisions when prodded.
Students do roofing and siding.
Students do rotations on area ambulances and in the emergency departments of area hospitals.
Students do runups, repair, and restoration to the operational status of the aircraft.
Students do schoolwork on an individualized, competency based, college bound curriculum.
Students do science experiments.
Students do science themselves.
Students do science.
Students do score higher on tests after a good night's sleep and after having had a good breakfast.
Students do see computer controlled instrumentation in the laboratory sessions.
Students do seek advice and counsel from both faculty and staff.
Students do seem to get caught up in the game of finding and making sense of information.
Students do service learning and collaborate with community partners.
Students do service projects for the school, the local community, and the international community.
Students do service work in Hanoi, Vietnam.
Students do several chemical tests to determine the health of various water samples.
Students do shoot for a reduced rate.
Students do simple but important research.
Students do slow clinic work.
Students do so at their own risk.
Students do some data analysis and a case study and take examinations.
Students do some ethics exercises as part of the course lecture.
Students do some observing and also perform some lab work in optics and other areas.
Students do some travel as a group, but are free to travel on their own.
Students do some very big things and they always come up with things that are interesting.
Students do something.
Students do speak Bermudian dialect, and they transfer it to the printed page.
Students do speeches about the old history and make some pictures of old historical places.
Students do spend time learning to tell debits from credits and stocks from bonds.
Students do struggle.
Students do study together and help each other solve problems.
Students do take courses at one or more sites.
Students do tests.
Students do the activity.
Students do the advertised reading in advance of the class, and look through the slides.
Students do the bat story problem worksheet and then review the answers.
Students do the exercise individually, and then in groups of three, they share their five sentences.
Students do the exercises outside class time.
Students do the extra work on their own, according to standards set by the instructor.
Students do the first assignment as individuals, but subsequent assignments are team projects.
Students do the following for each of set of given initial value problems.
Students do the grinding of rock slices to prepare thin sections for their laboratory work .
Students do the installation themselves.
Students do the lab work in the usual way, up to the data collection.
Students do the listed worksheet independently.
Students do the macro dance.
Students do the majority of the work on their projects outside the classroom.
Students do the math mentally in a very relaxed setting.
Students do the practice, marking answers on a card.
Students do the procedures personally, then out of class they select a subject to do so.
Students do the questioning, investigating and analyzing.
Students do the reading and writing components in their Humanities class.
Students do the reading test alone, without assistance.
Students do the reporting, writing and picture taking.
Students do the research then design their own project.
Students do the same amount of reading, but in different blocks.
Students do the same as a skit but they write it out.
Students do the same with a square.
Students do the same work as if on-campus, including exams and term papers.
Students do the same.
Students do the work normally accomplished by an apprentice drafter.
Students do the work on their own time.
Students do the writing, editing, and photography.
Students do their assignments at home while continuing their jobs.
Students do their best work when it matters.
Students do their courses here with an eye toward something they wish to create.
Students do their entire program with the same group and instructors around a common subject matter.
Students do their final draft of their resume using a computer.
Students do their own cooking in the university housing.
Students do their own simulations and learn how to use computational science.
Students do their own stretching.
Students do their work in a varied computer environment.
Students do theoretical analysis, implementation and practical evaluations.
Students do too, of course.
Students do two design projects which require innovative design to meet given requirements.
Students do understate what they owe in loans.
Students do unexpected things.
Students do use Mildred to take notes on activities, evidence, and claims.
Students do use objects created by others.
Students do want to recycle, though.
Students do warm-up as a means of getting ready for the lesson.
Students do weekly programming assignments in the lab and a team project.
Students do weekly vocabulary lists and homework questions linked to textbook subjects.
Students do well if they come sincerely interested in learning something.
Students do well in regular class setting.
Students do well when they have a choice of a topic to research and a choice of presentation.
Students do well when they work with good academic content and good teachers.
Students do well with vocabulary words on individual paper strips, a blank paper, and pencils.
Students do what they are asked to do.
Students do word processing, data base, and spreadsheet exercises.
Students do word searches and make a flying paper songbird.
Students do work of a scoiological nature at an agency or a company.
Students do, however often want to know how to prepare for law school.
Students do, however, benefit from some introduction to the Seneca Falls Declaration of Sentiments.
Students do, however, complete the CD-ROM probes within a window of time the instructor stipulates.
Students do, however, have access to photograpy facilities on the other campuses.
Students do, too.
Students document and explore the rituals, celebrations, and secular shrines in their own lives.
Students document learning and provide support materials that are appropriate.
Students document learning in the science notebooks to reflect their understanding.
Students document the musical instruments of their country.
Students document their achievements through oral and written presentations.
Students document their experience by developing a portfolio.
Students document their research activities in a log.
Students doing assigned biology course work have first priority of access.
Students doing cloning essays for school projects are particularly welcome.
Students doing course work have priority in using the computers.
Students doing dissertation research receive high priority on all telescopes.
Students doing homework have priority using the computers.
Students doing math and science Internet projects is great stuff for everyone.
Students doing push-ups like prisoners do for exercise.
Students doing research assignments put work into their own words.
Students doing research for a thesis each have a panel of supervisors and advisers.
Students doing research in an area of computer engineering are eligible to apply.
Students doing research on the computers have priority over e - mail users.
Students doing research typically have very high morale.
Students doing research work usually do so on a fellowship.
Students doing temporary or part-time work to support themselves continue to be eligible.
Students doing the secondary teaching practicum participate in a weekly seminar.
Students dole out the funds for their education and work to develop skills for the future.
Students don ' t feel the demand.
Students don ceremonial garb during performances.
Students don newly mandated uniforms in crisp khaki with hunter green.
Students don racing suits, get lessons, then take to the stick shift one at a time.
Students don t attend districts, of course.
Students don t care about the age of buses, only the time that they run.
Students don t care what the fee structure is.
Students don t fall through the cracks, and, teachers can coordinate curriculum.
Students don t have to be members of the church to be enrolled in the school.
Students don t have to be strong in math or science.
Students don t have to compete, but they do learn the sport, and practice it during class.
Students don t have to learn the mechanics of mathematical computations.
Students don t have to stop with an AAS, however.
Students don t just study science they DO science.
Students don t know propriety.
Students don t like to see their papers covered in what they regard as criticism.
Students don t seem to be academically prepared or emotionally prepared.
Students don t seem to want to have more control over their environment.
Students don t step foot on campus trying drugs or alcohol for the first time.
Students don t want to feel like they re dancing in the cafeteria.
Students don t want to live in dorms.
Students donate a selected sum of money to the college from which they graduate.
Students donate blood during the school day.
Students doubt their intelligence, their creativity, their motivation, and sometimes their sanity.
Students dove under tables, desks or ran outside.
Students download and read, and ask some questions by e-mail.
Students download class assignments and upon completion transfer files back to the university.
Students download course material and then discuss it in chat rooms or message board forums.
Students download course materials before class and discuss the concepts with their teammates.
Students download it, and run it on their home computers.
Students download registration form here .
Students download the competency sheet.
Students download their data and analyze individual and class results at school.
Students draft a dissertation prospectus and defend it before their dissertation committee.
Students draft a series of maps using pens and india ink.
Students draft all pleadings and make court appearances on behalf of their clients.
Students draft either a complaint or an answer, prepare a discovery plan, and draft interrogatories.
Students draft memoranda of law to the court and present oral arguments.
Students drag a line until it fits a scatterplot to understand least squares regression.
Students drag and drop chemical symbols onto proper place in periodic table.
Students drag letters to assemble words and letter combinations in any number of ways.
Students drag letters to blank squares to form a word which is spoken by the computer.
Students drag slightly as they exit the bus.
Students drag the appropriate word to each sentence to fill in the blank.
Students dramatize scenes to bring movie classics to life.
Students dramatize songs, short anecdotes orpoetry for members of other elementary classes.
Students draw a before and after picture showing how a soil problem can be resolved.
Students draw a box around each proper factor of the number.
Students draw a bubble diagram to show how wild animals and plants use natural resources.
Students draw a card and research the animal on it.
Students draw a chart like the one below to calculate estimated energy use in a given year.
Students draw a color pattern on the strip and re-create it with the pasta.
Students draw a comic strip illustrating a recent conflict and show steps toward resolution.
Students draw a geometrical pattern on a page.
Students draw a large ant.
Students draw a map of an area or place.
Students draw a map of California and where the missions are located.
Students draw a map of the world from memory, labeling it in as much detail as possible.
Students draw a model of neon.
Students draw a model to represent the situation and solve the problem.
Students draw a monster and describe it to a partner who tries to recreate the drawing.
Students draw a new animal on the recycled paper.
Students draw a number from a pool of numbers assigned to their class.
Students draw a number out of the hat or box upon entering the class.
Students draw a picture for each strip and write several details to go with that strip.
Students draw a picture of the bear preparing for hibernation.
Students draw a picture of the earth's layers and label the core, mantle, and crust.
Students draw a picture of their favorite animals.
Students draw a picture of their shape and explain in writing how they solved the problem.
Students draw a picture of themselves making use of the source of light that they select.
Students draw a picture representing one of the events from the history of Mars exploration.
Students draw a preliminary plan for the lander.
Students draw a representation of the chosen objects and label the length of the sides.
Students draw a scale drawing of the school.
Students draw a scale drawing of their classroom.
Students draw a situation on a slip of paper and copy it to the form provided.
Students draw a sketch of their prediction on a coordinate plane.
Students draw a wolf habitat scene illustrating the pack concept.
Students draw an alien.
Students draw an egg from the basket and write their sentence on paper.
Students draw an energy pyramid using the names of plants and animals found in their biome.
Students draw an energy pyramid using the names of plants and animals found in their biomes.
Students draw an environment for the living thing that they represent in their cooperative group.
Students draw and color animals and plants on worksheet.
Students draw and construct simple circuits using the vocabulary associated with electricity.
Students draw and cut a snake head out of construction paper.
Students draw and cut a tree out of the construction paper.
Students draw and cut out a leaf on a fourth sheet of green construction paper.
Students draw and describe the stages of development observed.
Students draw and illustrate a story about a particular spider's life cycle.
Students draw and label a tool or a moose hunting technique.
Students draw and label diagrams of different plant and animal cells.
Students draw and label the different layers of the earth.
Students draw and label the world's oceans on their piece of fruit.
Students draw and note what containers look like before adding water.
Students draw and paint at historical and scenic locations.
Students draw and paint or colour a neighbourhood scene on their puzzle piece.
Students draw and write a comic book version of the story of Newton s discovery.
Students draw and write about the chicks.
Students draw and write about their experiences.
Students draw and write about three of the sea creatures on a record sheet.
Students draw and write or dictate their favorite part of the story.
Students draw any scene with dinosaurs.
Students draw black arrows between characters that have relationships and interactions.
Students draw cards and match with the pictures of community helpers on their board.
Students draw comparisons between Australian and North American cultures throughout the course.
Students draw conclusions about each item by examining and sketching e.g. joystick, anemometer.
Students draw conclusions about worm body systems and worm senses.
Students draw conclusions as to how the graph varies in relation to how the window is changed.
Students draw conclusions from known facts and extend that knowledge to new situations.
Students draw conclusions from their results.
Students draw conclusions, supported by available data.
Students draw conclusions.
Students draw connections between theoretical and practical computer science.
Students draw diagrams that show the mental connections students make among related concepts.
Students draw dragons .
Students draw floor plans of their homes.
Students draw for one of the characters in prologue.
Students draw for order of presentations.
Students draw free-body diagrams to analyze static systems.
Students draw from all they have learned in law school to serve actual clients.
Students draw from extensive laboratory experience to formulate chemical principles.
Students draw from still life and photographs .
Students draw from their various course experiences to answer essay questions on the case.
Students draw from three-dimensional objects, photographs, illustrations, and imagination.
Students draw full scale outlines of dinosaurs with chalk.
Students draw hands on each clock to show certain times of the day teacher has stated.
Students draw in the bar lines to separate notes into measures.
Students draw in their journals the patterns they made with the dinosaur shapes.
Students draw inferences and make connections based on text and prior knowledge.
Students draw inferences and make logical deductions from geometric problem situations.
Students draw inferences from the implications of what they learned.
Students draw initial conclusions.
Students draw inspiration from the landscape as well.
Students draw labs, give immunizations, provide intake, translation services and medical care.
Students draw life-sized prehistoric animals in the classroom and compare their relative sizes.
Students draw light commercial plans.
Students draw lines connecting animals that have a dependence on another animal.
Students draw lines from one name or item to an item in the next column to make a sentence.
Students draw lines of symmetry, complete fill-in items and circle correct answers.
Students draw logical conclusions.
Students draw major project-plan, elevation, sections and isometric pipe runs of depropanizer area.
Students draw many conclusions about leadership from the study of leadership stories.
Students draw map noting surrounding roads and locating observed plants and animals water etc.
Students draw on a range of reading strategies.
Students draw on bunny face and glue a cotton tail to the back.
Students draw on class material to solve problems.
Students draw on clear films with fine point permanent markers made for drawing on film.
Students draw on experiences gained from the first fieldwork placement.
Students draw on folklore and biographies to describe people who make a difference.
Students draw on materials from all previous marketing courses and practical case studies.
Students draw on stick person articles of clothing as clothing is described by teacher.
Students draw on the same sheet of paper that has the list of bird words.
Students draw on the vast array of courses offered throughout the university.
Students draw on their acquired knowledge to show mastery of discipline's complexity.
Students draw on their backgrounds as they work in teams to develop solutions to case studies.
Students draw one animal on a page.
Students draw one body organ .
Students draw one on their piece of paper.
Students draw or cut out pictures showing people using more than one sense.
Students draw or paint individual spiders to place on the bulletin board.
Students draw pictures illustrating common phrases.
Students draw pictures of aspects of Russianculture to show to others.
Students draw pictures of favorite activities.
Students draw pictures of human and wolf homes, comparing basic needs.
Students draw pictures of the animals in the chain.
Students draw pictures of the new president, using current photographs from media sources as models.
Students draw pictures on the opposite pages to illustrate their sentences.
Students draw pictures or write the steps needed in carving a pumpkin.
Students draw pictures that represent what they see.
Students draw pictures to illustrate their creative solutions to math problems.
Students draw pictures.
Students draw polyhedra and rotate their figures.
Students draw related pictures by their name.
Students draw remaining numbers from the bag.
Students draw residential plans.
Students draw soaked bean on their recording sheet.
Students draw symbols of combinations.
Students draw symbols or icons with different colored pencils in the Bible passages.
Students draw the line formed by the string on the object.
Students draw the number in the sand.
Students draw the object as seen in the first box.
Students draw the perimeter of the building to the different scales using the grid paper.
Students draw the plant parts and functions in their journal.
Students draw the structures they imagine.
Students draw their futures.
Students draw their house exactly as it looks from the outside.
Students draw their impression of what a Pueblo home looks like.
Students draw their means of travel to school and record on a graph.
Students draw their monster and evaluate strengths and weakness of the written description.
Students draw their own split beans, labelling the parts shown on the chalk board.
Students draw their pictures and write their descriptions.
Students draw themselves inside an outline map of Kansas.
Students draw themselves on a piece of paper withouth writing their names.
Students draw themselves, in rain gear, in a gray rainy scene.
Students draw to determine their degree level, occupation and years of experience.
Students draw trees on their blue paper starting at the bottom of the tree.
Students draw two connecting circles.
Students draw up a learning contract in dialogue with the supervisor.
Students draw up a personalized course of study in consultation with the graduate advisor.
Students draw up their tree and display.
Students draw upon a variety of experiences as sources for discussion, thinking, and writing.
Students draw upon information from previous art education.
Students draw upon their earlier investigations to make their case.
Students draw vertical lines on a page to make three blank columns.
Students draw what they heard.
Students draw, build and experiment.
Students draw, color and cut out a picture of a toad.
Students draw, fill out a chart, or explain in writing which equivalent fractions they find.
Students draw, paint, sculpt, make pottery, weave and learn the basics of printmaking.
Students drawing for double rooms each fill out an application.
Students draws picture about the story.
Students dress by class.
Students dress casually for classes.
Students dress for physical education and have lockers and showers available for use.
Students dress in a holiday theme.
Students dress in a professional manner.
Students dress in casual work clothes, and environmental studies is the most popular major.
Students dress in colonial garb and give oral presentations to visitors.
Students dress in native garb, prepare native food samples, and perform songs and dances.
Students dress in slacks, shorts and sportswear.
Students dress informally for class.
Students dress informally on campus.
Students dress male and female characters through commands they give.
Students dress out daily in the school uniform.
Students dress up as cowboys and cowgirls, play games and have treats, face painting and prizes.
Students dress up for special occasions.
Students dress up in firefighting clothes.
Students dress up to take their dates to home football games.
Students dribble the ball to a cone and leave the ball, running back to the group.
Students drift in, and soon the class begins.
Students drill individually or in pairs both during class and during open gym.
Students drink an estimated four billion cans of beer a year.
Students drink at a mock birthday party.
Students drink beer at a party.
Students drink beer at a post graduation party.
Students drink for many reasons.
Students drink in first-person stories, and they love to see and handle objects from the country.
Students drink knowledge in through their bones.
Students drink more in the earlier years of college.
Students drink to feel disinhibited and released from different pressures.
Students drink water.
Students drive at their own pace and with other drivers that are driving at the same level.
Students drive in, passively fill up with knowledge and drive away.
Students Drive Now.
Students drive on the same roads, drink the same water, and are subject to the same laws.
Students drive the car on a safe, controlled course.
Students drive the questions.
Students drive the unique benefits of learning in a yeshiva environment.
Students drive their own cars while being evaluated by instructors and their peers.
Students driving their own vehicles can drive directly to the ranch.
Students driving vehicles to school are to observe traffic and safety regulations at all times.
Students drop a rubber ball from two different heights, counting the number of bounces in each case.
Students drop and add in startling numbers.
Students drop by to socialize, or to meet with faculty, or to work on assignments.
Students drop in after school to take computer training courses or to use the Internet.
Students drop in for help at any time during the day.
Students drop off longhand or typed manuscripts or leave tapes of oral material to be transcribed.
Students drop other classes by appeal through their college offices.
Students drop out of high school to get a job and make money or they are pregnant.
Students drop out of school to leave the village and try to find work.
Students drop out or graduate with no goals while businesses complain of an unqualified workforce.
Students drop out, others keep applying, particularly to the prestigious schools.
Students drop the correct answer into the box in the cafeteria.
Students drop their name in a box with their favorite book title listed.
Students dropping a course receive a refund according to the refund schedule.
Students drum together and listen for relationships between the various beats they play.
Students dump the data into campus computers upon their return.
Students eagerly anticipate the next event.
Students eagerly anticipate the opportunity as each new country is featured.
Students eagerly await with nets in the hopes to catch a few slow swimming fish.
Students eagerly come to school for knowledge, nurture, and acceptance.
Students eagerly explore the capabilities of the new computers.
Students eagerly manipulate experiments and test hypotheses.
Students eagerly open their packets and begin.
Students eagerly raise their hands in response.
Students eagerly sign their names to the proclamation.
Students eagerly solve word problems to earn points which they use to s elect or buy letters.
Students eagerly volunteer to be sales people, giving up their lunch breaks.
Students earn a bachelor of science in business administration.
Students earn a bi-weekly paycheck while working on or off campus, in their job of choice.
Students earn a certificate in an area of ethnic concentration.
Students earn a certificate of completion at the end of three quarters of lockstep course work.
Students earn a certificate when the course is completed.
Students earn a clue when they successfully complete an activity.
Students earn a completion certificate based on completing tasks in various welding processes.
Students earn a completion certificate, suitable for framing.
Students earn a culinary arts certificate at the end of the two semesters.
Students earn a diploma after three semesters.
Students earn a full semester's credit upon completing the program.
Students earn a grade based on their successful mastery of course objectives.
Students earn a grade for the class by doing three things.
Students earn a half-credit for the courses.
Students earn a letter grade.
Students earn a master's degree at the end of their yearlong program.
Students earn a master's degree at the end of their year-long program.
Students earn a maximum of four credits.
Students earn a maximum of three credits.
Students earn a monthly pay check to help pay their college expenses.
Students earn a pass with distinction, pass, or failure on the exam.
Students earn a percentage of the funds that are disbursed with each day of class attendance.
Students earn a percentage of the funds they are disbursed with each day of class attendance.
Students earn a point if they have met the daily work expectations.
Students earn a regular diploma.
Students earn a regular high school diploma and a vocational certificate.
Students earn a ribbon for each completed packet.
Students earn a salary and explore career interests within their majors.
Students earn a salary during their work periods and also receive academic credit.
Students earn a salary while learning an occupation with a future.
Students earn a single credit for every course they take.
Students earn a small salary and accrue community service credit.
Students earn a small stipend.
Students earn a social studies elective unit for satisfactory completion of the course.
Students earn a solid animal science degree with good training in equine studies.
Students earn a stipend for attending.
Students earn a stipend in addition to any other scholarship aid they receive.
Students earn a total of eight hours of academic credit for the two experiences.
Students earn a total of four credits allocated over two semesters.
Students earn a total of four credits to be allocated between the semesters.
Students earn a total of seven credits for the program.
Students earn a total of three hours credit.
Students earn a total of three semester hour credits.
Students earn a UMUC bachelor s degree upon successful completion of their studies.
Students earn academic credit along with wages for each co-op job assignment.
Students earn academic credit and a salary while on internship.
Students earn academic credit and often income.
Students earn academic credit and pay tuition.
Students earn academic credit and staff gain research pertinent to their areas of operation.
Students earn academic credit and staff members gain research pertinent to their areas of operation.
Students earn academic credit through the field school.
Students earn academic credit under a supervision Miami faculty and host government supervisor.
Students earn academic credit while exploring career choices.
Students earn academic credit while working at positions related to their degree.
Students earn academic credit while working in a professional setting.
Students earn academic credit, which counts toward graduation.
Students earn academic credits for either undergraduate or graduate courses in the program.
Students earn Academic recognition through a variety of programs.
Students earn an appropriate hourly rate and are paid bi-monthly.
Students earn an education, but form lifelong friendships along the way.
Students earn an educational award and have their name announced at school.
Students earn an hourly salary and are paid twice monthly for work performed.
Students earn an hourly wage as determined by the employing department.
Students earn an income for their work, and spend, save and invest school money in their ventures.
Students earn and learn at the same time.
Students earn at least the minimum wage.
Students earn attendance and transferable academic credit for their class work.
Students earn awards for attendance, grades, effort, sportsmanship and special teacher categories.
Students earn belts, ribbons, certificates, medals and trophies.
Students earn bonuses for reading and listening.
Students earn both high school and college credit for college level classes taken at the college.
Students earn both high school and college credit for successful completion of course work.
Students earn both high school and college credit for successfully completing the course.
Students earn both high school and college credit upon successful completion of a course.
Students earn both high school and college credit.
Students earn C s by completing all the requirements of the course.
Students earn certificates for completing each of six activities per sound.
Students earn certificates upon completion of programs.
Students earn college credit and a grade for work related to their educational and career goals.
Students earn college credit and employers gain self-directed college employees.
Students earn college credit as well as high school credit that counts toward graduation.
Students earn college credit for high school work without additional time or college expense.
Students earn college credit for the course.
Students earn college credit for their work experience as well as typically being paid.
Students earn college credit for what they learn and contribute on the job.
Students earn college credit in traditional and non-traditional ways.
Students earn college credit or can audit courses.
Students earn college credit transferable to any college or university.
Students earn college credit while at the same time satisfying high school requirements.
Students earn college credit while completing high school diplomas.
Students earn college credit while studying a broad range of topics covering most majors.
Students earn college credit while studying a broad range of topics.
Students earn college credit.
Students earn college credits and grades for work related to their educational and career goals.
Students earn college credits while gaining experience in their fields.
Students earn college credits while participating in a real world work environment.
Students earn community service credit and, often, permanent jobs in the local library.
Students earn course credit for field experience in an applied setting.
Students earn course credit for their efforts.
Students earn course credit for writing, editing and production.
Students earn course credits and the opportunity to apply academic skills to engineering problems.
Students earn credit and grade points only if they have both registered for and completed a course.
Students earn credit as independent study or internships.
Students earn credit based on the carnegie unit of credit.
Students earn credit by demonstrating proficiency.
Students earn credit by interning in either high school or community youth athletic programs.
Students earn credit for a part-time experience in marketing communications.
Students earn credit for focus guides completed prior to class as well as for class participation.
Students earn credit for four, and in special cases, five, courses.
Students earn credit for producing television shows in the interest of the campus and the community.
Students earn credit for the experiences participating businesses provide.
Students earn credit for their actual work on the Summit.
Students earn credit for their participation.
Students earn credit for their work experience and for classroom assignments.
Students earn credit for two transferable courses.
Students earn credit for volunteer or paid work experience in journalism.
Students earn credit for volunteer or paid work experience in the communications industry.
Students earn credit for volunteer or paid work experience in the physical sciences.
Students earn credit for working at a part-time job.
Students earn credit for working, and sometimes, a salary.
Students earn credit in advanced design, architectural history, and visual communication.
Students earn credit on their home campuses that apply to their degree programs.
Students earn credit or no credit for each course.
Students earn credit that apply to their selected option in the graduate program.
Students earn credit through departments.
Students earn credit toward their degrees.
Students earn credit toward undergraduate and graduate degrees without attending classes on campus.
Students earn credit, and gain knowledge, outside of school.
Students earn credit.
Students earn credits at their own pace, which is usually accelerated.
Students earn credits for carrying out a research project under the supervision of a faculty member.
Students earn credits for the schoolwork they complete.
Students earn credits in all of their courses.
Students earn credits through training, projects, and internships.
Students earn credits toward certificates and degrees.
Students earn credits towards the minor while pursuing their major.
Students earn eight credits during the six-week program.
Students earn eight credits.
Students earn either three or six credits.
Students earn extra credit points depending on the size of their profits.
Students earn fewer credits per year in the traditional high school setting.
Students earn five credits each semester.
Students earn five points for each activity.
Students earn five points for every fifteen minutes worked.
Students earn five units per quarter for field study.
Students earn flight certificates after they complete a two-year flight training program.
Students earn four credits.
Students earn full academic credit and continue to remain eligible for financial aid.
Students earn full academic credit and remain eligible for financial aid.
Students earn FVTC credit for the courses.
Students earn general studies degrees for both personal enrichment and professional advancement.
Students earn grades and receive class credit.
Students earn graduate credits for their research work.
Students earn half a credit upon successful completion of the program.
Students earn high honors .
Students earn high school credit and applied learning skills in a rigorous, relevant setting.
Students earn higher course grades while they learn effective study skills.
Students earn higher test scores when they read more and watch TV less.
Students earn incomes from doctors and lawyers to fast food workers.
Students earn letter grades in all subjects.
Students earn licenses to work on land or at sea.
Students earn marks which are based on pre-determined and specific criteria.
Students earn minimum wage and are paid bi-monthly.
Students earn minimum wage and are paid for actual hours worked.
Students earn minimum wage and are paid on a bi-weekly basis for actual hours worked.
Students earn minimum wages and are paid monthly for actual hours worked.
Students earn money each month by doing research with a faculty member from a neighboring college.
Students earn money for each right answer on the twenty-question test.
Students earn money for their education and gain valuable work experience.
Students earn money through music in a variety of different ways.
Students earn money through on-campus employment.
Students earn money through pledges for each math problem solved in a grade appropriate booklet.
Students earn money while working either on or off campus.
Students earn New York State local and Regents diplomas.
Students earn nine credit hours of elective courses at the successful completion of the program.
Students earn nine hours of credit.
Students earn no credit by taking the course.
Students earn no credit for tutoring.
Students earn no semester hours for the portfolio.
Students earn on an hourly basis while gaining experience in the workforce.
Students earn one academic credit.
Students earn one bachelor of arts diploma granted by both colleges.
Students earn one course credit per term.
Students earn one credit for classroom activities and two credits for work per semester.
Students earn one credit for completion of the course, which can be repeated up to three times.
Students earn one credit for the internship.
Students earn one day of apportionment attendance for each hour of instruction.
Students earn one half credit per semester enrolled and successfully completed.
Students earn one high school credit for successfully compeleting the course.
Students earn one high school credit for successfully completing the course.
Students earn one semester credit for varsity season.
Students earn one unit of elective credit.
Students earn one university credit for their participation.
Students earn one upper-division credit offered in several subject areas.
Students earn one year of Chinese language credit at the intermediate or advanced level.
Students earn pencils, bookmarks, and paperback books.
Students earn percentage grades when they demonstrate competency.
Students earn points according to the difficulty of the book and their achieved comprehension.
Students earn points based on the accuracy of their answers on the quiz.
Students earn points based on the correctness of their answers and the difficulty of the books.
Students earn points based on the percentage of correctly answered questions.
Students earn points based on their players' performance.
Students earn points based on their scores that are redeemable for books and other prizes.
Students earn points based upon the reading level and difficulty of the books they read.
Students earn points by correctly answering the lesson questions.
Students earn points by participating in numerous activities to stay active each month.
Students earn points calculated by the software according to the comprehension test score.
Students earn points for answering problems quickly and correctly.
Students earn points for correct answers and the score earned is immediately displayed.
Students earn points for correctly answered questions.
Students earn points for each hour in class or lab.
Students earn points for passing the activities in their instructional programs.
Students earn points for performance on each part of the daily lesson.
Students earn points for reading and exchange their points for prizes.
Students earn points for their correct answers.
Students earn points for their team if they submit a complete form each week.
Students earn points when they pass a test.
Students earn points whenever they learn the material.
Students earn positive points for a variety of reasons.
Students earn postgraduate certificates, master's and doctorate degrees.
Students earn promotion points by successfully completing the subject for each grading period.
Students earn punches through various activities and through raises for jobs well-done.
Students earn real money, and are paid by check every two weeks.
Students earn registration seniority based on the number of credit hours they have acquired.
Students earn regular academic credit for all course work.
Students earn regular academic credit for all overseas course work.
Students earn regular university credit for all courses successfully completed.
Students earn resident credit for all overseas course work.
Students earn resident credit in all courses successfully completed in the program.
Students earn rewards for their efforts.
Students earn ribbons for participation, according to the order in which they finish their events.
Students earn RICA money for positive behaviors and are fined for negative behaviors.
Students earn salaries and gain a measure of economic independence.
Students earn scholarships, grants, and loans from a number of government and private sources.
Students earn scores on a research paper, participation in class discussion, and class attendance.
Students earn seven credits during the six-week program.
Students earn sick and annual leave and are generally eligible for retirement coverage.
Students earn six college credits.
Students earn six credits by taking two consecutive courses.
Students earn six credits for the six-week program.
Students earn six credits in five weeks of study including numerous class related fieldtrips.
Students earn six credits in Italian language classes, ranging from elementary to advanced levels.
Students earn six hours of academic credit within a highly structured environment.
Students earn six hours of credit.
Students earn six hours of graduate credit for completing the internship.
Students earn six semester hours of credit for the presession.
Students earn six to twelve credit hours of graduate credit in their senior year.
Students earn sixteen semester hours of credit.
Students earn stars by doing activities in each lesson.
Students earn stickers for positive classroom behavior.
Students earn the certificate by completing six courses.
Students earn the certificate by completing three courses.
Students earn the degree offered by the receiving campus.
Students earn the privilege of driving the car.
Students earn the stamps for correct answers and other good deeds.
Students earn the time they save and can use it for a preferred activity.
Students earn their award by teaching in a Georgia public school after graduation.
Students earn their degrees from the campus to which they are admitted.
Students earn their financial aid by attending classes.
Students earn their financial aid by serving as either teaching or research assistants.
Students earn their grades based on how they perform in the course requirements listed below.
Students earn their grades.
Students earn their work study award by working at selected non-profits.
Students earn three academic credits.
Students earn three credit hours for each internship.
Students earn three credit units per semester for their involvement in the course.
Students earn three credits .
Students earn three credits by studying traditional arts from throughout the region.
Students earn three credits for the internship experience.
Students earn three credits in dance upon successful completion of the program.
Students earn three credits per year toward an occupational sequence.
Students earn three semester credit hours for the combined seminar and work experience.
Students earn three semester credits for each course.
Students earn three units of college credit for each course unless otherwise stated.
Students earn three-credit hours.
Students earn transferable college credit for their journalism coursework.
Students earn two credits for each introductory course.
Students earn two credits in psychology.
Students earn two degrees, one in a technical area and one in the humanities and social sciences.
Students earn two high school science units when successfully completing the curriculum.
Students earn two hours of continuing education for nurses.
Students earn two semester hours toward graduation, and they meet for two hours each week.
Students earn two units if elective credit.
Students earn undergraduate course credit for their internships.
Students earn unit of credit per course per semester.
Students earn university credit while gaining pre-professional experience.
Students earn university credit while gaining research experience.
Students earn up to nine credit hours in Spanish language.
Students earn up to nine credits in French language, civilization, and history.
Students earn up to six units credit.
Students earn up to three credit hours that are applicable in a variety of degree programs.
Students earn wages to help pay for their college expenses while gaining employment experience.
Students earn wages while attending college, and gain valuable job experience.
Students earn weighted grades through their high schools.
Students earn while they learn, and at the same time prepare for their future in the world of work.
Students earn while they learn.
Students earning a BA also take courses in a foreign language and a laboratory science.
Students earning graduate credit do additional course work.
Students earning teacher certification are exempt from the second year of modern foreign language.
Students easily can warn an adult about a potential threat of trouble.
Students easily lose their clothing in school and at camp.
Students easily make classroom models out of foam core and mylar contact paper.
Students easily make the connections and relate to the analogy.
Students easily move about to computers or learning centers without disruption to other students.
Students easily perceive the attendings' interest in teaching and commitment to urban health.
Students eat a typical meal of sausage, bread and fruit while standing up.
Students eat all meals together.
Students eat at on their own at local restaurants.
Students eat at the cafeteria on campus or at one of many reasonably priced restaurants in the area.
Students eat beans.
Students eat breakfast and dinner each day with their host families.
Students eat breakfast and dinner either in the dining hall at the dorm or with their French family.
Students eat breakfast and lunch as a group, using Spanish in all classes and activities.
Students eat breakfasts.
Students eat celery sticks, carrot sticks, and dip.
Students eat food.
Students eat healthful food.
Students eat in a central dining hall and can choose from a variety of foods at every meal.
Students eat in the cafeteria.
Students eat in their respective colleges.
Students eat in university cafeterias or in local resturants.
Students eat lunch at the appropriate time of day.
Students eat lunch at their base schools, or pack a lunch and eat before they come to class.
Students eat lunch in the cafeteria and take their other meals at local restaurants.
Students eat lunch outdoors in good weather and in the cafetorium when it is wet or cold.
Students eat lunch together at the cafeteria on campus.
Students eat lunch with their classmates in the dining room at noon.
Students eat meals with their host families as part of the homestay program.
Students eat meat.
Students eat one or two meals a day and have two smoothies.
Students eat outside except on rainy days.
Students eat prepackaged lunches in the auditorium.
Students eat some snacks and drink beverages stretching their legs.
Students eat their homework at evening meals in the chateau.
Students eat their lunch in the cafeteria.
Students eat their lunches in their classrooms supervised by noon hour supervisors.
Students eat their lunches with adult supervision.
Students eat their meals at the restaurant-style dining room or at nearby eating establishments.
Students eat their meals in the dining rooms located in the main school building.
Students eat their meals together in the student center dining hall.
Students eat their meals, receive daily owl posts , and have certain special events.
Students eat their salad during the banquet.
Students eat treats.
Students eat with members of their own grade in four lunch periods.
Students eating on the cafeteria patio are to exit the cafeteria through the lower door.
Students echo that assessment.
Students echo that feeling.
Students echo the chant.
Students edit a long final project using their choice of editing strategy covered in class.
Students edit a series of exercises in groups.
Students edit and produce news programs in settings replicating professional environments.
Students edit and revise at the classroom publishing station.
Students edit and revise existing documentation.
Students edit and revise their own writing in terms of style, organization, development, and format.
Students edit articles accepted for publication.
Students edit for correct capitalization and punctuation.
Students edit programs to broadcast quality.
Students edit segments, create special effects and mix audio for video.
Students edit sentences for errors in grammar and make appropriate corrections.
Students edit short narrative projects on a digital system.
Students edit simple sentences with correct punctuation.
Students edit the content of their Pages using a simple editing window.
Students edit the journal and publish it four times a year.
Students edit the publication and write approximately half of the articles.
Students edit the stories with the help of their teacher.
Students edit the transcribed story for grammar and decorate it with clip art.
Students edit their own and their colleagues writing as well as works by leading scholars.
Students edit their own magazine with a lot of information from the school and region.
Students edit their own work and each other's.
Students edit their own writing.
Students edit their pieces and submit revised drafts.
Students edit their sheets.
Students edit their videotapes on the computer.
Students edit their writing.
Students edit two major publications on campus.
Students edit work using peer editing techniques.
Students edit writing samples from a variety of technical fields.
Students edit, typeset, design and publicize the magazine.
Students edit, write and design front pages and special theme sections.
Students educating themselves and each other is probably one of the biggest things they can do.
Students effectively express ideas using word processing to compose, create and refine writing.
Students effectively gather and use information for research purposes.
Students effectively use a variety of tools to gather, organize, and analyze information.
Students effectively use logical strategies for problem solving.
Students effectively use logical thinking strategies to evaluate and create new information.
Students effectively use nonviolent conflict-management skills.
Students effectively use written language for a variety of purposes and with a variety of audiences.
Students efficiently use logical strategies for problem solving.
Students either explain their own findings within the groups, or from one group to another.
Students eject Communist union bosses from Rome campus.
Students elaborate and build on their understanding of the concept by applying it to new situations.
Students elaborate and build upon ideas and each others' contributions.
Students elect a board of directors that manages the corporation's finances.
Students elect a CEO and heads of five well-defined bureaucratic departments.
Students elect a concentration in business or a cognate area of study outside of business.
Students elect a major in communication for a variety of reasons.
Students elect a minimum of eight Russian-related courses from the social sciences and humanities.
Students elect a specialty from among fifteen technical programs.
Students elect a state president and two other presidents to one-year terms.
Students elect a teaching major and minor, or three minors.
Students elect additional advanced courses in their particular areas of interest.
Students elect advanced courses examining contemporary problems and the current literature.
Students elect an academic major and minor.
Students elect an option to complete requirements for the major.
Students elect at least two phases for in-depth study.
Students elect either a clinical practice concentration or a management concentration.
Students elect either a comprehensive option or a specialization option.
Students elect either the non-thesis or thesis option.
Students elect four additional courses based on their interest.
Students elect four courses from the following options.
Students elect new leaders.
Students elect officers to lead the association.
Students elect officers yearly.
Students elect one of the categories below as an area of focus.
Students elect one representative from each class and four others from the student body at large.
Students elect seven courses from the following options.
Students elect specific courses consistent with their career objectives.
Students elect the discipline in which they wish to receive credit.
Students elect the officers and half of the senators towards the end of the spring semester.
Students elect the Wichita option for many reasons.
Students elect their own class officers, sponsor events, and participate in social activities.
Students elect their own leaders and stage their own concerts.
Students elect their own officers from their members.
Students elect their own representatives to govern their residence halls.
Students elect three adjunct courses from three different departments.
Students elect to concentrate in either food service management or lodging management.
Students elect to enter the program after their sophomore year.
Students elect to participate in the affinity group of their choice.
Students elect to specialise in either acting for screen and stage or technical theatre production.
Students elect to study French, Latin or Spanish.
Students elect to take physics because they have some curiosity about the physical world.
Students elect to take specialty and comprehensive exams or to write a thesis.
Students elect topic areas to investigate.
Students elect two courses and earn six credits during the six-week program.
Students elect two courses and enroll in two required courses described below.
Students electing the non-thesis option take a written and oral examination.
Students electing to audit a course pay the same tuition and fees as regular students.
Students electing to minor in chemistry can often decide to do so as late as their senior year.
Students electronically submit completed assignments which are then appended to their portfolio.
Students electroplate copper.
Students elicit their own utilities for hypothetical medical conditions.
Students email answers to questions on completion of learning.
Students email each other on a book they are reading.
Students email other teachers to find out favorite activities for colonial days.
Students email the next section of their paper to a partner, who then edits their work.
Students email their progress reports and homework to the instructor.
Students email their questions to the expert.
Students email their responses.
Students email writing to instructors.
Students embark on a mock voyage and list all possible needs and wants.
Students embark on a rigorous curriculum to develop the skills necessary to succeed in college.
Students embark upon a tour of the internet.
Students embellish their own traditional art print with outlines and contrasting colors.
Students embrace a principle of positive social interaction.
Students embrace learning through active engagement , cooperative exploration and inquiry.
Students embrace learning through direct experiences.
Students emerge from their summer studies as field scientists.
Students emerge into an understanding that each language variety is rule governed.
Students emerge well prepared for college and university math instruction.
Students emerge with a powerful sense of entitlement and a large debt to pay off.
Students emerge with a well-rounded education.
Students empathize with patients and respect their rights and privacy.
Students emphasize at least two fields, such as history and economics, or sociology and geography.
Students emphasize either the physical or behavioral science aspects of textiles.
Students emphasize marine studies within the traditional departmental degree programs.
Students emphasize the role of the state in the history of United States.
Students emphasizing history do an in-depth research project on an assigned topic.
Students employ a large variety of media and combinations thereof.
Students employ a model in their investigation of craters.
Students employ any appropriate tools and skills to develop the solution.
Students employ computer spreadsheets to integrate corporate financial theory.
Students employ knowledge of writing and technology to create informative and engaging products.
Students employ many methods to find jobs both on and off campus.
Students employ methods for effective presentation as part of the assigned work.
Students employ numerous strategies to proficiently troubleshoot.
Students employ peer editing as a means of revising.
Students employ simple equipment and tools to gather data and extend the senses.
Students employ technology for real world problem solving.
Students employ technology in the development of strategies for solving problems in the real work.
Students employ technology in the development of strategies for solving problems in the real world .
Students employ technology in the development of strategies for solving problems in the real world.
Students employ technology in the development strategies for solving problems in the real world.
Students employ the same analytical skills as engineers as they improve their designs.
Students employ theory through solving actual problems from the physical world.
Students employed in the college work-study program receive their paychecks here.
Students emulate the world of work, with student teams each handling different aspects of a project.
Students encompass a variety of ethnic, racial, and economic backgrounds.
Students encounter a diverse range of material on the subject and nature of expression.
Students encounter ancient myths through a variety of primary sources.
Students encounter and discuss the problem in small groups.
Students encounter both classic and contemporary writers from a variety of backgrounds.
Students encounter both positive and counter positive examples.
Students encounter concepts of world view, morality, religion, and culture.
Students encounter continental drift, plate tectonics, types of volcanoes, and kinds of eruptions.
Students encounter great works of art.
Students encounter homophobic remarks far less frequently in class than out of class.
Students encounter imaginative, argumentative, and informative literature.
Students encounter in problems.
Students encounter information and select it to be downloaded.
Students encounter many difficulties in electricity and magnetism.
Students encounter many of the same problems in an international team that they do in a local team.
Students encounter many unique problems enroute to their degree.
Students encounter more rigorous strategies for developing large, effective programs.
Students encounter new people and face new expectations.
Students encounter problems that challenge their knowledge of geometric concepts.
Students encounter realistic challenges in designing, setting up, and carrying out experiments.
Students encounter technology more and more in their academic life.
Students encounter the communities, histories, traditions and newer forms of musical expression.
Students encounter theories in many of their college courses.
Students encounter various teaching styles and methods for the teaching of biology.
Students encounter, in portraits and other works, notable people from history and art.
Students encourage and support each other and open and close with prayer.
Students encourage one another through positive examples in appearance and behavior.
Students encourage their peers to try their best in the classrooms.
Students end the day with sustained silent reading.
Students end the semester with a fun activity involving making rockets out of soda bottles.
Students end their day by reading a book of their choice.
Students end their graduate program on an academic term.
Students end up drinking at higher levels because that's what they think their peers are doing.
Students end up ignorant and unskilled.
Students end up knowing virtually nothing about the candidates except for their names.
Students end up learning as much from the managers as they do from the course content.
Students end up missing class because they re sick for days at a time.
Students end up sharing desks or sitting on the floor.
Students endorse the ideas of honor and responsibility expressed in the Honor Code.
Students endure the joys of college life, pregnancy .
Students enforce the policy.
Students engage actively in the preparation process.
Students engage content in a mode suited to their preferred learning style.
Students engage drawing, collage, sculptural relief, and scale models of the landscape.
Students engage in a balance of competition, individual performance, and collaboration and teamwork.
Students engage in a broad range of liberal arts courses that stimulate thinking in action.
Students engage in a community service activity.
Students engage in a conversation to their express feelings and emotions about their fears.
Students engage in a project using some form of electronic media.
Students engage in a rigorous study of grammar, composition, literature, and culture.
Students engage in a series of practical opportunities to lead small groups.
Students engage in a series of role-playing situations designed to develop communication skills.
Students engage in a substantial amount of project work.
Students engage in a team activity.
Students engage in a variety of academic programs to meet individual needs.
Students engage in a variety of activities related to the conduct of a research project.
Students engage in a variety of assessment activities.
Students engage in a variety of classes designed to address attitude alteration and skill building.
Students engage in a wide range of activities.
Students engage in academic and professional studies focused on teaching and leadership.
Students engage in acting exercises, scene work and assigned reading.
Students engage in active learning as they take on the roles of inventors.
Students engage in active learning.
Students engage in active participation in the software process through projects.
Students engage in activities carried out in the operating room related to the anesthesia field.
Students engage in activities.
Students engage in actual interviews in order to apply methods they have learned in class.
Students engage in advanced study of family psychology and family therapy.
Students engage in an experimental approach to painting and creative image-making.
Students engage in an independent research project of their own, carrying it from beginning to end.
Students engage in an inquiry process related to their own teaching practice.
Students engage in an intensive program of courses over a two year period.
Students engage in an intensive review of advanced grammar and vocabulary.
Students engage in an intensive study of a topic, author, period, or genre.
Students engage in an interdisciplinary unit based on the concept of safety.
Students engage in analyses of current media texts based on mass communication theory.
Students engage in analysis and interpretation .
Students engage in and utilize goal-oriented tasks for academic and personal growth.
Students engage in appropriate class discussion for participation grade.
Students engage in as much learning-rich work as possible.
Students engage in aspects of life in the target language community.
Students engage in assessment, planning and support activities.
Students engage in at least three content-based activities during the semester.
Students engage in attentive and critical listening.
Students engage in authentic, real-world business scenarios with defined learning outcomes.
Students engage in basic aerobics and conditioning.
Students engage in both laboratory and field work.
Students engage in both written and verbal peer and self-assessment throughout the course.
Students engage in bridge building competitions, science projects, and math competitions.
Students engage in building, visualizing, conjecturing, solving, and creating.
Students engage in campus activities in a leadership role.
Students engage in carefully monitored and regulated free sparring with emphasis on control.
Students engage in census work, demographic studies based on mist-netting, and disease studies.
Students engage in chess games and tournaments.
Students engage in class discussions, independent background reading, and research.
Students engage in classroom activities which demonstrate styles and methods of group interaction.
Students engage in classroom and production or screenwriting work.
Students engage in client counseling, research, negotiation, and written and oral advocacy.
Students engage in close reading of texts, weekly writing and revision, and individual conferences.
Students engage in collaborative learning in a number of group projects and presentations.
Students engage in consulting activities.
Students engage in conversations about the study of poetry with their peers and the instructor.
Students engage in cost-benfit analysis and are forced to allocate scarce resources.
Students engage in creating and using technology for artistic purposes.
Students engage in critical analysis and interpretation to comprehend the readings.
Students engage in debates over the legality of slavery using documents from the historical era.
Students engage in design projects throughout the term.
Students engage in developing goals for their successes.
Students engage in dialogue with faculty, guest lecturers, activists and community leaders.
Students engage in discussion and group activities that require collaborative skills.
Students engage in discussion, research and writing.
Students engage in discussions about daily activities and topics of their interest.
Students engage in discussions about relevant subject matter.
Students engage in engineering design of communications system components.
Students engage in engineering design of data communications system components.
Students engage in ethnographic field studies.
Students engage in ethnographic research.
Students engage in exciting and beneficial thesis topics.
Students engage in experiential activities and hear presentations from working professionals.
Students engage in experiential and active learning.
Students engage in extensive practical exercises to develop their job readiness skills.
Students engage in field archeological digs and in ethnographic research.
Students engage in formal and informal writing, discussions, and oral presentations.
Students engage in frequent revision and editing.
Students engage in fun, study and recreation after classes.
Students engage in further research of topics they have defined while working with the materials.
Students engage in group presentations and critiques of their work.
Students engage in group problem solving to develop critical thinking skills.
Students engage in guided analysis and structured discussion involving health issues.
Students engage in guided observation of testing procedures.
Students engage in hands-on activities to learn about the properties of glass and fiber cable.
Students engage in hands-on activities, case studies, field trips, etc.
Students engage in hands-on activities, such as setting up a model pond.
Students engage in 'hands-on' case study and model building activities.
Students engage in higher order thinking tasks such as discussion, problem solving and evaluation.
Students engage in historical research and writing.
Students engage in historical research using secondary sources.
Students engage in historical research.
Students engage in illegal wagering.
Students engage in independent learning and critical analysis.
Students engage in independent research and writing of papers.
Students engage in in-depth discussions, and a variety of perspectives are encouraged.
Students engage in in-depth investigations called learning expeditions.
Students engage in in-depth practice with specific types of academic writing.
Students engage in individual and group projects under the direction of a faculty member.
Students engage in individual research on the effect of particular projects on women.
Students engage in individual research similar to that found in graduate thesis courses.
Students engage in informal peer reviews in small groups.
Students engage in inquiry process - ask questions, plan, conduct and share research.
Students engage in inquiry-based learning, exploring, creating, and analyzing scientific data.
Students engage in internships in a variety of settings which match their goals and interests.
Students engage in language processes in their full complexity.
Students engage in learner-learner exchanges of modeled discourse.
Students engage in learning assessment through online quizzes and examinations.
Students engage in literary response and persuasive writing activities.
Students engage in many activities, including drama, music, pub-lications and volunteer programs.
Students engage in mental operations of interpreting.
Students engage in modes of inquiry typical of the discipline.
Students engage in more active and group learning.
Students engage in multidimensional use of the internet for major projects over a period of time.
Students engage in one to three hours of service per week.
Students engage in partner reading and writing activities.
Students engage in physical activities that encourage individual and group growth.
Students engage in planning and carrying out original research.
Students engage in playtime activities in the gym area or in designated playground areas.
Students engage in practical decision-making, planning, preparation and reflecting in action.
Students engage in problem-solving exercises and interpretive approaches to lessons.
Students engage in problem-solving experiences and more interpretive approaches to curricula.
Students engage in problem-solving investigations to construct their own knowledge.
Students engage in programming, design analysis, and space planning relative to interiors.
Students engage in projects where they write, direct, and produce films or television shows.
Students engage in regular collective brainstorming sessions as well as group critiques.
Students engage in required readings, discussion, and reflective writing.
Students engage in research every semester of the graduate program.
Students engage in research for credit as part of their regular academic schedule, or for pay.
Students engage in research in a wide range of biological disciplines.
Students engage in research projects, either as individuals or part of a team.
Students engage in research related to women's issues and women's leadership.
Students engage in reversal activities before writing.
Students engage in role-play of court interrogation.
Students engage in self-assessment, career exploration, and goal setting.
Students engage in seminars, intensive classes and laboratories, and clinical training in hospitals.
Students engage in service work in an African-American inner city neighborhood.
Students engage in several activities beyond the classroom.
Students engage in six to twelve months of nurse-midwifery care.
Students engage in stimulating and intellectual classes throughout the year.
Students engage in story writing and writing about content in math, science and social studies.
Students engage in structures, individualized learning opportunities in a community agency setting.
Students engage in supervised experience with business, industry or government.
Students engage in supervised preparatory research prior to the one-month elective.
Students engage in supervised research on peace and conflict issues.
Students engage in supervised work experience in appropriate legal setting.
Students engage in tasks that replicate several aspects of the case study method used in law school.
Students engage in technology-enhanced course activities.
Students engage in the ancient search for self-knowledge and love for wisdom.
Students engage in the collaborative art of filmmaking by making a video documentary.
Students engage in the creation of television news production.
Students engage in the critical examination of current knowledge regarding American child care.
Students engage in the reading process.
Students engage in the writing process.
Students engage in their research under the guidance and supervision of a faculty member.
Students engage in thought-provoking, fun activities as they learn the curriculum.
Students engage in two weeks of independent study and travel in the middle of the semester.
Students engage in varied forms of writing and in reading and analyzing model essays.
Students engage in video-taped counseling sessions serving as both counselor and client.
Students engage in viewing, listening, speaking, and writing activities.
Students engage in water quality testing to monitor specific parameters in local sources of water.
Students engage in weekly discussions, and receive special instruction in writing and research.
Students engage in writing, drawing, painting, theater and puppetry.
Students engage more than their minds in the education process.
Students engage the texts in reading, discussions, and writing.
Students engage with a variety of film and television practises.
Students engage with and reflect on the material and each other.
Students engage with issues in the case and collaboratively identify questions.
Students engage with the discourse of the discipline.
Students engage with the materials because they are seen as part of the normal scheme of work.
Students engage, singly or in groups, in action projects to confront the hunger problem.
Students engaging in scheduled curricular work have priority over other students.
Students enhance and research social studies and science topics.
Students enhance both inductive and deductive skills through challenges and puzzles.
Students enhance communication abilities through a variety of modes of responding to literature.
Students enhance math skills by solving problems related to the service industry.
Students enhance skills they have spent two scholastic seasons developing.
Students enhance skills they have spent two scholastic seasons devloping.
Students enhance technical skills, communication skills, and team abilities.
Students enhance the skills necessary for technical writing.
Students enhance their ability to manage ideas and information in collaboration with others.
Students enhance their academic foundation through a strong science-based enrichment curriculum.
Students enhance their analytical and communicatin skills through a series of challenging projects.
Students enhance their business management and consulting skills while helping companies grow.
Students enhance their communication and physical examination skills.
Students enhance their employability and interview skills.
Students enhance their individual and group communication skills.
Students enhance their knowledge of art and their ability to communicate that knowledge .
Students enhance their knowledge of art and their ability to communicate that knowledge.
Students enhance their knowledge of wellness concepts through laboratory sessions.
Students enhance their learning by examining the relation of theory and of practice.
Students enhance their managerial skills through extensive investigations of management issues.
Students enhance their observing, interpreting, and experimenting skills.
Students enhance their oral presentation and technology skills by sharing research with the class.
Students enhance their personal relationships as they select activities of their choice.
Students enhance their portfolios.
Students enhance their skills through extensive reading, writing and oral presentations.
Students enhance their understanding and manipulative skills in the arithmetic of rational numbers.
Students enhance their understanding of psychology through independentstudies and internships.
Students enhance their understanding of the discipline and their communication skills.
Students enhance theoretical and practical skills as they progress through their program.
Students enjoy a close advisory relationship with the program coordinator.
Students enjoy a close working relationship with faculty members.
Students enjoy a day at the field playing soccer.
Students enjoy a faculty dedicated to their education.
Students enjoy a feeling of importance when working with the newspaper.
Students enjoy a friendly, safe campus with many resources.
Students enjoy a game of cards on the game room floor.
Students enjoy a golf outing.
Students enjoy a guided visit to Moscow's principal monuments.
Students enjoy a high level of interaction with teachers and classmates.
Students enjoy a homestay with a New Zealand family.
Students enjoy a host of rights and responsibilities in addressing issues and concerns.
Students enjoy a low student-teacher ratio.
Students enjoy a lower student to faculty ratio in the online environment.
Students enjoy a meal at the end of each week's lesson.
Students enjoy a moment in the lobby between class.
Students enjoy a number of informal opportunities to meet, discuss, and share ideas.
Students enjoy a post-speaker reception.
Students enjoy a private room with three meals per day, a varied and healthy diet.
Students enjoy a relaxed regional lifestyle free of city pressures.
Students enjoy a rich and wholesome vegetarian diet.
Students enjoy a rigorous academic experience within a climate of cooperation and camaraderie.
Students enjoy a sense of community in the cafeteria.
Students enjoy a sense of community.
Students enjoy a snack at church afterschool program.
Students enjoy a strong Jewish music program, led by the music teacher.
Students enjoy a sunny day on campus in the spring or summer.
Students enjoy a total campus experience in the residence halls.
Students enjoy a tranquil setting enhanced by dynamic teaching and cultural opportunities.
Students enjoy a unique intimacy and camaraderie with one another and with the faculty.
Students enjoy a varied curriculum and a wide range of after-school activities.
Students enjoy a variety of food services.
Students enjoy a variety of opportunities to perform and exhibit on campus.
Students enjoy a visit to Seaside on the Oregon coast.
Students enjoy a wide range of academics and extracurricular activities.
Students enjoy a wide range of support services.
Students enjoy a wide variety of activities on campus and around town.
Students enjoy a wide variety of foods, dining styles and related services from which to chose.
Students enjoy access to excellent computer facilities as well as video equipment.
Students enjoy access to numerous research groups, libraries, and computing services.
Students enjoy all the action as their quick and accurate answers accumulate points.
Students enjoy an active campus life.
Students enjoy an environment that changes periodically.
Students enjoy an extensive library, bookshop, cafeterias, sports centre, and on-campus parking.
Students enjoy an opportunity to express themselves through a variety of visual media.
Students enjoy an outstanding level of financial and professional support.
Students enjoy analyzing the compound that they have synthesized.
Students enjoy and appreciate language and literature.
Students enjoy and gain self-esteem when they feel that they are the experts in an area.
Students enjoy asking questions and sharing comments about their activities at school.
Students enjoy assisting teachers in placing homework assignments on-line on the school's Web site.
Students enjoy basic division facts.
Students enjoy basic facts.
Students enjoy beach towel reading day.
Students enjoy becoming the subject in an art class.
Students enjoy being able to make connections and to follow the progression of their coursework.
Students enjoy being able to show their artwork to the world through the school's online gallery.
Students enjoy being at school.
Students enjoy being here.
Students enjoy being involved in the most recent examples and information in their classes.
Students enjoy being news anchors, weather reporters, and camera crew members.
Students enjoy being rewarded for their performance in school.
Students enjoy being served breakfast by the faculty.
Students enjoy block scheduling.
Students enjoy borrowing the cordless mike from our principal to read aloud their narrative writing.
Students enjoy breakfast and lunch in a scenic cafeteria.
Students enjoy breaks.
Students enjoy brief protection from the rain under the art building during yesterday's downpour.
Students enjoy browsing our selection of science toys, games, and gifts.
Students enjoy career class because of the arts and crafts and the carefree atmosphere.
Students enjoy celebrations of the seasons and holidays with special activities aimed to age level.
Students enjoy challenging academic and activity programs which offer many opportunities to succeed.
Students enjoy close friendships with youngsters of other nations and different cultures.
Students enjoy coming to school everyday to learn new things.
Students enjoy competing to see who can get the closest.
Students enjoy computer appointments.
Students enjoy computer work with no testing anxiety or frustration.
Students enjoy considerable discretion in organizing handbooks.
Students enjoy cordial relationships with administration, faculty and staff.
Students enjoy creating graphics for announcements, birthdays, and sports results.
Students enjoy cultural and sports activities and visits to surrounding area as part of their stay.
Students enjoy daily hands-on training using all the tools of the trade.
Students enjoy dancing to Latin music during filming.
Students enjoy designing projects and using the computer as a learning tool.
Students enjoy dining in the sunny atrium.
Students enjoy discovery.
Students enjoy dog labs.
Students enjoy doing it.
Students enjoy doing math.
Students enjoy doing, making, talking, and planning their learning.
Students enjoy each others' books.
Students enjoy easy access to Syria, Jordan and many other countries in the region.
Students enjoy eating the fruit in the baskets.
Students enjoy enrichment opportunities through art, drama, music, and technology.
Students enjoy entertaining others with stories, poems and through other dramatic venues.
Students enjoy examining artifacts from Egypt.
Students enjoy excellent organizational placements in co-op positions.
Students enjoy experience in their field of study while helping others.
Students enjoy experimenting.
Students enjoy extended hours of use at many such facilities.
Students enjoy extensive individual, group and tutorial support.
Students enjoy facts.
Students enjoy field trips, sports and work on a variety of creative projects.
Students enjoy first-class living facilities, classrooms, labs and social spaces.
Students enjoy flexibility in when they access the courseware.
Students enjoy following the pattern to write about familiar things.
Students enjoy free access to e-mail and the Internet from a number of sites across campus.
Students enjoy furnished single, double and triple rooms.
Students enjoy games, relaxing times and the canteen in a family room environment.
Students enjoy gaming.
Students enjoy getting new folders, notebooks and paper.
Students enjoy getting out of the classroom, using technology, and doing real, concrete work.
Students enjoy going to school.
Students enjoy going to the computer lab and using the programs.
Students enjoy good books and earn points for prizes at the same time.
Students enjoy having fun and experiencing success.
Students enjoy having the new store close to campus.
Students enjoy hearing and comparing current popular music from different countries.
Students enjoy high-speed Internet connections without the use of modems and telephone lines.
Students enjoy hiking, horseback riding, rafting, and more.
Students enjoy host family activities, interests, and hobbies, while making new friends.
Students enjoy immediate success from hands-on private training.
Students enjoy impressive study facilities.
Students enjoy interacting in the creative musical process.
Students enjoy it and learn a great deal from it.
Students enjoy it very much.
Students enjoy it.
Students enjoy jazz combinations often set to familiar, current music selections.
Students enjoy knowing how their learning experiences interrelate.
Students enjoy learning about foreign countries and viewpoints from socially different peers.
Students enjoy learning about local and county governments by participating in the civic process.
Students enjoy learning about rainforests and there are lots of web sites on the topic.
Students enjoy learning and playing games together.
Students enjoy learning and the results are terrific.
Students enjoy learning both from first-hand experience and by observing their classmates.
Students enjoy learning English through songs.
Students enjoy learning from cases, which appeal to the universal delight in a good story.
Students enjoy learning more about a topic of interest through hands-on activities.
Students enjoy learning special things about the teacher.
Students enjoy learning various Japanese games and movement activities in the movement class.
Students enjoy learning when learning makes sense.
Students enjoy learning with other adults.
Students enjoy learning.
Students enjoy long recesses in our large play yard.
Students enjoy looking at the plans for ideas and to learn the basics of home design.
Students enjoy looking at what their classmates have done.
Students enjoy looking for their own names or names of friends.
Students enjoy lounge, kitchen and laundry facilities complete with pay telephones.
Students enjoy lunch and leisure time in our outdoor pavilion adjacent to the playground area.
Students enjoy lunch from a choice of many menu items.
Students enjoy making music and being a part of the music scene in our Texas schools.
Students enjoy making small fans out of the motors.
Students enjoy making up their own decision situations.
Students enjoy making valentines.
Students enjoy many cultural events free or at least receive ticket discounts.
Students enjoy many opportunities for hiking, rock climbing, mountain biking, skiing and rafting.
Students enjoy many opportunities to share ideas through oral and dramatic presentations.
Students enjoy maximum flexibility in tailoring a professional study plan to their needs.
Students enjoy native music and make native costumes.
Students enjoy networking and constructive feedback.
Students enjoy numerous elective opportunities in their second and third years.
Students enjoy occasional outdoor classes set in the tranquil beauty of the surrounding gardens.
Students enjoy one half day excursion and one full day excursion per week.
Students enjoy one of their favorite TV networks.
Students enjoy open recreational time in the facility participating in a variety of activities.
Students enjoy opportunities for teaching and a divisional program of undergraduate research awards.
Students enjoy opportunities in sports, swimming, drama, music, and many excursions.
Students enjoy ordering food and having their classmates take their order and give a total bill.
Students enjoy organized games, sports, and physical training.
Students enjoy organizing the bins and packing blocks.
Students enjoy outstanding instruction in instrumental, choral and general music education.
Students enjoy performing and running all phases of the show.
Students enjoy personal growth in a values-based environment.
Students enjoy pizza at the first IEEE-B meeting.
Students enjoy playing detective and figuring out how seed disperse.
Students enjoy plenty of personal attention and opportunities to practice their new English skills.
Students enjoy practical demonstrations in the gardens and a colorful slide show.
Students enjoy practicing there times tables by playing math games.
Students enjoy public sympathy.
Students enjoy putting their heads together to come up with the correct response.
Students enjoy reading about the rides, exhibits, animals, displays, games, fireworks and much more.
Students enjoy reading aloud and bringing stories to life.
Students enjoy reading books and taking quizzes on the computer.
Students enjoy reading it.
Students enjoy reading stories and answering comprehension questions.
Students enjoy reading, taking quizzes, and earning points.
Students enjoy receiving certificates and having their photos on the bulletin board.
Students enjoy receiving the parish newsletter and, when possible, the weekly bulletin.
Students enjoy relating their own experiences to the principles they learn.
Students enjoy saga .
Students enjoy searching for the answers and constructing their knowledge of the subject.
Students enjoy seeing the dots glow and trying to identify the constellations.
Students enjoy seeing their own DNA and learning how scientists can study it.
Students enjoy seeing their principals in the classroom, away from the office.
Students enjoy seeing university faculty and staff participating.
Students enjoy several hikes with different teachers.
Students enjoy sewing and creating costumes for work-study or for credit.
Students enjoy sharing their finds and have various opinions on the effectiveness of each one.
Students enjoy silent reading on their beach towel.
Students enjoy singing in chapel and in the classroom.
Students enjoy single rooms of varying sizes and shared kitchens and bathrooms.
Students enjoy small class sizes and individualized attention in a beautiful natural environment.
Students enjoy small classes and close collaboration with their their teachers.
Students enjoy small classes with the average class size of just over twenty students.
Students enjoy small classes.
Students enjoy social and professional interaction.
Students enjoy socializing in the gazebo in free moments during the day.
Students enjoy special priviledges for being self-managers.
Students enjoy spending the day doing science and having fun.
Students enjoy spending the day in an alternative setting with a business partner.
Students enjoy sports as well as cultural activities.
Students enjoy sports, vocal music, and instrumental music.
Students enjoy studying when they are doing it for their own reasons.
Students enjoy such activities as hiking, canoeing, swimming, and volleyball.
Students enjoy suggesting categories too.
Students enjoy summer vacations.
Students enjoy support from a creative, interactive community of advanced learners.
Students enjoy taking advantage of the overlook on warm days.
Students enjoy taking French exchange students on a variety of fun-filled adventures.
Students enjoy technology, and they desire to learn more about it.
Students enjoy that technology links the schools to each other and to colleges.
Students enjoy the activities and receive frequent and immediate feedback.
Students enjoy the beauty and variety of four seasons.
Students enjoy the benefits of a world-class university in an intimate college environment.
Students enjoy the benefits of the most advanced programs of study.
Students enjoy the campus in many different ways.
Students enjoy the challenge of open-ended tasks.
Students enjoy the challenging projects during the year.
Students enjoy the class and become excited about mathematics.
Students enjoy the collaborative learning and mutual support that takes place within the cohort.
Students enjoy the collaborative learning that takes place with the cohort group.
Students enjoy the competition and the time spent practicing vocabulary in a fun way.
Students enjoy the concerts because they are fast-moving and entertaining.
Students enjoy the convenience of enrolling in classes right on the high school campus.
Students enjoy the DC's wide variety of menu choices.
Students enjoy the diversity so visible and remarkable.
Students enjoy the eeriness surrounding the cathedral.
Students enjoy the flexibility and openness of the dorm situation.
Students enjoy the format.
Students enjoy the freedom of working at their own time, own pace and chosen location.
Students enjoy the freedom of working on their lessons any time or day of the week.
Students enjoy the freedom to be creative and to be involved in their evaluations.
Students enjoy the full academic curriculum in a warm, comfortable setting year round.
Students enjoy the fun found in the sumbrada drills when practicing eskrima.
Students enjoy the high interest stories and take ownership of their learning advancement.
Students enjoy the hike to the top and the panoramic views from the summit.
Students enjoy the idea of expanding their own physical and mental limits.
Students enjoy the influx of new books, which they use for reports or leisure reading.
Students enjoy the informal, outdoor atmosphere and open themselves to new growth experiences.
Students enjoy the interaction interspersed throughout the class session.
Students enjoy the interactive software and simple, confidence-building activities.
Students enjoy the lake in many ways.
Students enjoy the learning review games.
Students enjoy the many part songs and learn to be literate, independent players as a result.
Students enjoy the mixing of ages and there seem to be many benefits to such a cross age structure.
Students enjoy the opportunity to dialogue in small group settings.
Students enjoy the opportunity to display their new musical skills.
Students enjoy the opportunity to work closely with faculty as they pursue their legal education.
Students enjoy the opportunity to work on radial engines.
Students enjoy the personal attention so important to the educational experience.
Students enjoy the physical involvement that signing brings.
Students enjoy the playground during recess, as well as before and after school.
Students enjoy the pleasant learning environment.
Students enjoy the posters and they are great tools for students to display what they have learned.
Students enjoy the process and have an experience that aids memorization.
Students enjoy the process of folding paper into simple shapes and making an animal.
Students enjoy the process, because they are actively learning instead of listening to a lecture.
Students enjoy the quick and easy process and the success that they achieve.
Students enjoy the quotes and the projects each weekly lesson provides.
Students enjoy the radio talk show format of the presentations.
Students enjoy the real-world application of designing their own marketing research project.
Students enjoy the recreational opportunities such as skiing, snowboarding, hiking, biking and more.
Students enjoy the recycling process for a variety of reasons.
Students enjoy the relaxed atmosphere associated with the beach community.
Students enjoy the rewarding experience of converting abstract ideas into concrete projects.
Students enjoy the rhythm and music.
Students enjoy the stimulation of their talented, ambitious classmates.
Students enjoy the suite life in Mount Mercy's new residential-style housing.
Students enjoy the time off from school as well as quality time shared with the family.
Students enjoy the use of puppets and puppet shows to illustrate stories.
Students enjoy the wonderful meals prepared by the cooks.
Students enjoy the workshop and seem to learn the concepts well.
Students enjoy the year-round subtropical climate and ocean beaches.
Students enjoy their classes and homestays with Mexican families.
Students enjoy their teacher's dedicated attention.
Students enjoy their years on campus, learning about other people and about themselves.
Students enjoy three meals served daily.
Students enjoy tournament play.
Students enjoy unlimited access to the light airy spaces, where concentrate working is easy.
Students enjoy unparalleled academic and social freedom.
Students enjoy using computers to gain access to the same data sets used by scientists.
Students enjoy using computers to investigate and solve problems.
Students enjoy using it on field trips.
Students enjoy using the library media center and are treated with respect and caring.
Students enjoy using the main lounge, kitchen, and on-site laundry facilities.
Students enjoy using the program.
Students enjoy visual and multi-sensory stimulation, and it has a lasting impact.
Students enjoy walking in the fresh ocean air and warm sunlight when going between buildings.
Students enjoy weekly swimming and gymnastics lessons all year long.
Students enjoy what they are doing and make lifelong friends in the process.
Students enjoy winter break.
Students enjoy working in groups on shared goals.
Students enjoy working on computers and they particularly enjoy exploring sources on the internet.
Students enjoy working on original video projects that they create, edit, and produce.
Students enjoy working with different mediums and exploring different tools for creating art.
Students enjoy working with the computer and learning digital imaging.
Students enjoy writing Bible verses on beautifully bordered sheets, which they color.
Students enjoy writing poetry based on patterns or formulas.
Students enrich our class activities with mini-reports prepared during class trips to the library.
Students enrich their own lives while helping others in the search for justice and liberation.
Students enrol and then take part in discussions by writing answers to questions.
Students enrol at the end of their first year of studies.
Students enrol by writing their name on the relevant enrolment list.
Students enrol for many reasons.
Students enrol for one to three terms.
Students enrol from all over the world - distance is no problem.
Students enrol in a course by enrolling in an offering of that course - ie.
Students enrol in a one-credit course during the spring semester prior to their arrival in London.
Students enrol in all courses on a non-award basis.
Students enrol in and pay for the tours in Guadalajara.
Students enrol in courses for an academic year by selecting classes.
Students enrol in single subjects without any requirement to complete a degree or whole course.
Students enrol in the program as a whole and are guided through the respective modules.
Students enrol in units according to the stream they wish to pursue.
Students enrol on a termly basis.
Students enrol per term.
Students enrol within the department, where they conduct their research projects.
Students enroll a minimum of four weeks in advance of the on-site seminar.
Students enroll and complete all aspects of the course using their computers.
Students enroll and graduate through their home college.
Students enroll annually for a total of four years.
Students enroll as a performance team and remain together for the semester.
Students enroll as freshmen with an engineering technology or biotechnology major.
Students enroll as non-degree graduate students.
Students enroll as nondegree seeking students.
Students enroll as sixth grade students.
Students enroll at and attend CHS voluntarily.
Students enroll at CLC at the beginning of each school year and again at the semester.
Students enroll at the academy for several different reasons.
Students enroll at their home institutions where they pay regular tuition.
Students enroll directly in courses at host institutions.
Students enroll directly in courses offered at the Sorbonne for the spring semester.
Students enroll directly in courses, and choose from a full curriculum of a wide array of subjects.
Students enroll directly in university courses with regular students from the host institution.
Students enroll directly into regular university classes.
Students enroll during the academic year or during the summer.
Students enroll each term they are in residence.
Students enroll for a grade and receive four quarter hours of college credit.
Students enroll for a regular full load of fifteen credit hours.
Students enroll for a total of four credits over two semesters.
Students enroll for audit credit during the fall.
Students enroll for both semesters.
Students enroll for classes and engage in clinical practicum each semester.
Students enroll for courses on other campuses using concurrent enrollment.
Students enroll for credit by examination at any time during the first two weeks of classes.
Students enroll for nine credits of Spanish and select six credits from courses taught in English.
Students enroll for no more than eight units per quarter during the academic year.
Students enroll for one cycle at a time.
Students enroll for one quarter of field experience in extension.
Students enroll for one quarter of field experience in the public schools.
Students enroll for one year of law study at a time.
Students enroll for one year of study at a time.
Students enroll for retreats during class registration each semester.
Students enroll for six credits and attend classes during the work week.
Students enroll for the course following the standard enrollment procedures.
Students enroll for the first-year exploratory phase.
Students enroll for the full academic year.
Students enroll for the full session only.
Students enroll for the senior project during the spring semester.
Students enroll for three semester hours for two semesters.
Students enroll for two courses each semester including summers.
Students enroll for two semesters of core courses.
Students enroll full-time for a full academic year.
Students enroll full-time in the appropriate course work for one semester.
Students enroll in a beginning course in the department for a variety of reasons.
Students enroll in a combination of language and culture classes to meet thier particular needs.
Students enroll in a composition course and a mathematics course.
Students enroll in a German language course and four area studies courses each semester.
Students enroll in a minimum of an additional two special topics courses .
Students enroll in a particular class or take part in a theme week.
Students enroll in a series of advanced courses in general and oral pathology.
Students enroll in a variety of options.
Students enroll in a zero unit course in supervised tutoring for their subject.
Students enroll in about five or six economics and organizational theory courses.
Students enroll in about five or six statistics and quantitative methods courses.
Students enroll in adult education classes for many many reasons.
Students enroll in an English composition course and a mathematics course.
Students enroll in an intensive Hebrew language course and take regular courses at the universities.
Students enroll in and complete each segment independently and at their own pace.
Students enroll in another division while they complete prerequisite courses.
Students enroll in at a three or four hour research project or up to five hours of electives.
Students enroll in band for only one hour of credit.
Students enroll in both courses, for a total of six graduate credits.
Students enroll in both of the following courses.
Students enroll in certain courses that earn both high school and college credits.
Students enroll in classes related to their cluster.
Students enroll in Clinics in each of their eight semesters at Rowan.
Students enroll in college courses while still in high school.
Students enroll in college preparatory classes and receive tutoring from college students.
Students enroll in course sections rather than enrolling in courses directly.
Students enroll in courses at the finest universities abroad.
Students enroll in courses online for reasons of time, space and convenience.
Students enroll in courses with the approval of their faculty advisers.
Students enroll in designated honors courses which challenge the high achiever.
Students enroll in eight-week modules for three semester credit hours.
Students enroll in elective and other courses that fit within their chosen degree requirements.
Students enroll in enrichment science classses, attend workshops, and receive career counseling.
Students enroll in field education for the fall-spring semesters.
Students enroll in four academic courses concerning rainforest ecology, management, and policy.
Students enroll in four common courses.
Students enroll in four courses including an internship.
Students enroll in four courses per semester and are able to complete eight courses in a year.
Students enroll in four courses per semester.
Students enroll in four courses.
Students enroll in horticulture courses for varying reasons.
Students enroll in lectures and labs separately.
Students enroll in multiple courses to secure scheduling advantage or preferred faculty.
Students enroll in nine units of courses per semester.
Students enroll in one course at a time, and faculty teach only one course per block.
Students enroll in one course to earn three semester hours, which are recorded on fall transcripts.
Students enroll in one credit per semester for two semesters.
Students enroll in one credit per term and meet weekly with faculty members throughout the year.
Students enroll in one division but can take classes in the others and share common facilities.
Students enroll in one of the classes, which meet for the first hour each week.
Students enroll in one of the participating institutions and take online courses from all six.
Students enroll in one of the three postsecondary institutions.
Students enroll in one regular summer school class in the morning.
Students enroll in one segment each term, and nine credit hours are earned upon completion of each.
Students enroll in one topics seminar each semester.
Students enroll in one writing workshop each semester.
Students enroll in only one course at a time, and faculty teach only one course per block.
Students enroll in only one three-week course.
Students enroll in our courses for a variety of reasons.
Students enroll in our program by meeting with the coordinator for initial advising.
Students enroll in our programs and courses for different reasons.
Students enroll in regular classes and are housed in dormitories or off-campus.
Students enroll in regular university courses.
Students enroll in semester-long courses in writing and oral communication.
Students enroll in service learning for different reasons.
Students enroll in Spanish language courses appropriate to their level.
Students enroll in summer practica for six to eight weeks at an approved program site.
Students enroll in the appropriate language level based on the results of a placement exam.
Students enroll in the capstone course as they near the completion of their degree.
Students enroll in the certificate program and purchase the appropriate texts and study guides.
Students enroll in the class with varying degrees of preparation.
Students enroll in the component related to their academic teaching majors.
Students enroll in the course and an appropriate internship concurrently.
Students enroll in the course being offered at their home university.
Students enroll in the course for the entire Academic year.
Students enroll in the course for the entire year.
Students enroll in the course the semester they take the comprehensive examination.
Students enroll in the courses through the seminary to which they are admitted.
Students enroll in the courses to earn credit and reach academic goals.
Students enroll in the Faculty Presentation for one unit of credit.
Students enroll in the fall and spring for two semesters, with three credits per semester.
Students enroll in the fall semester each year.
Students enroll in the graduate courses after they complete the baccalaureate sequence.
Students enroll in the individual colleges and universities.
Students enroll in the institution of their choice.
Students enroll in the master's program fall term only.
Students enroll in the plan on an annual basis.
Students enroll in the program at the schools they attend.
Students enroll in the program for one term.
Students enroll in the program on a full-time basis.
Students enroll in the riding program at the start of each trimester.
Students enroll in the school dictated by their residence.
Students enroll in the seminar for each semester they are in the program.
Students enroll in the Studio Seminar, the Art Criticism Seminar, and one art history class.
Students enroll in three classes, or six hours per day.
Students enroll in three courses and complete an internship in an area of interest.
Students enroll in three courses appropriate to their academic level and area of concentration.
Students enroll in three courses for a total of eighteen credits.
Students enroll in three or four academic courses each quarter.
Students enroll in traditional programs in departments of their choice.
Students enroll in two classes each semester.
Students enroll in two courses and earn a total of six credit hours.
Students enroll in two courses each term.
Students enroll in two courses per term, studying part-time.
Students enroll in two courses, each carrying four credits.
Students enroll in two courses, each lasting three weeks.
Students enroll in two courses, earning six graduate credits.
Students enroll in two research methods courses.
Students enroll in two to three courses per semester.
Students enroll in what is called a yearlong apprenticeship.
Students enroll on a semester basis.
Students enroll their last two semesters on campus before graduation.
Students enroll through the formal staffing process.
Students enroll voluntarily.
Students enroll with a cohort group that moves through the program as a unit.
Students enroll with a faculty supervisor and perform a laboratory or survey study.
Students enroll with many different interests and majors.
Students enroll with Maryland in Asia for a variety of reasons.
Students enroll with nonmatriculating status.
Students enroll, pay tuition to, and receive credit from the originating university.
Students enrolling at any time during the school year also receive an application.
Students enrolling for one semester hour receive one half-hour lesson each week.
Students enrolling for telecourses attend an on-campus orientation to meet their instructor.
Students enrolling for the year take a total of six five-credit courses, three in each semester.
Students enrolling for two semester hours receive one hour lesson each week.
Students enrolling in Calculus are responsible for all objectives.
Students enrolling in classes for credit have priority over audit students.
Students enrolling in classes in Northern Virginia are also eligible for financial aid.
Students enrolling in individual courses in the series pay the full list price.
Students enrolling in master s programmes can sometimes apply for a scholarship.
Students enrolling in the program come from around the nation and abroad.
Students enrolling in the school can stay at the hostel of their choice.
Students enrolling in video courses receive copies of the instruction on videotape.
Students enter a coefficient for each term and then select 'plot'.
Students enter a contest near the end of the school year.
Students enter a learning contract for supervised study of a topic in health professions education.
Students enter a learning contract of supervised study of a health services administration topic.
Students enter a lifeless, sterile world that is as devoid of inspiration as a hospital ward.
Students enter a problem and find out if their solution is correct.
Students enter a program integrating educational theory with classroom practice.
Students enter a side door and pick up a food tray.
Students enter a variety of professions.
Students enter alternative programs in one of two ways.
Students enter and exit using the outside lunchroom door.
Students enter and format data, enter and copy formulas, and print full documents or cell contents.
Students enter and format data, enter copy formulas, and print full documents or cell contents.
Students enter and look over the supplies and equipment.
Students enter and progress through the program as a cohort.
Students enter answers into the computer and are shown immediately if their answer is right.
Students enter as a cohort and progress through their coursework together.
Students enter as pre-journalism major.
Students enter as transfers after completing a year or two of advanced study at another institution.
Students enter at different levels and there are classes at all levels.
Students enter at the junior-year level.
Students enter building.
Students enter business plans in annual competition.
Students enter by category.
Students enter by writing an essay on one of three topics.
Students enter chorus by teacher recommendation.
Students enter class and proceed to seats, some conversations occur.
Students enter classrooms with preconceived notions of how the world works.
Students enter college from different backgrounds and with different experiences.
Students enter college ready for the most demanding work.
Students enter college with different goals and expectations.
Students enter colleges.
Students enter community colleges to pursue their academics or receive a better job training .
Students enter community colleges to pursue their academics or receive a better job training.
Students enter conclusions in journal.
Students enter contests at the state and national levels.
Students enter courses with different educational backgrounds and learning styles.
Students enter data from previous year s operation into the computer-based recordkeeping system.
Students enter data, create various graphs, and generate and analyze statistics.
Students enter demographic information, a resume and a list of references onto the web page.
Students enter directly after leaving secondary school.
Students enter ECOS from their own start page.
Students enter education with their own desires and agendas already formed.
Students enter extramural public speaking and writing competitions.
Students enter first, followed by faculty and then the stage party.
Students enter grade levels.
Students enter graduate schools, professional schools, and industry from both programs.
Students enter here .
Students enter in swarms, leaving little room for breathing, elbows or etiquette.
Students enter in teams of three.
Students enter in the autumn semester only.
Students enter in the fall semester.
Students enter in the spring semester only.
Students enter individual or classroom projects.
Students enter institutions with a wide spread of computer skills.
Students enter into a common curriculum before selecting a major area of research focus.
Students enter into direct dialogue with persons from other traditions.
Students enter into the pre-specialty program.
Students enter levels.
Students enter main and supporting ideas to build a framework for their writing.
Students enter measurements into spreadsheet.
Students enter music programs with a great degree of variance in musical skills.
Students enter our department with a variety of career objectives in mind.
Students enter patient records on a computer network using industry-standard software.
Students enter performance area in control and with a performance stance.
Students enter periodic competitions in print, photojournalism, television news and radio news.
Students enter personal information into the computer.
Students enter prediction in journal.
Students enter requests interactively and a batch program schedules the student into courses.
Students enter results into a spreadsheet.
Students enter school and progress as they demonstrate skills and knowledge.
Students enter school at the age appropriate level.
Students enter school primarily to gain economic or social advantage.
Students enter schools.
Students enter seminary today with a wide variety of backgrounds.
Students enter shedding their backpacks.
Students enter technical and vocational schools after gymnasium at the age of fifteen.
Students enter the apprenticeship program during their senior year in high school.
Students enter the basic course anytime between their first and third term of college.
Students enter the building via the bridge at the second floor.
Students enter the car on the passenger side closest to the curb.
Students enter the castle walls through the drawbridge and see an aerial view of the entire castle.
Students enter the classroom and hang their backpacks on hooks in the closet.
Students enter the classroom and take their seats.
Students enter the communications field in technical, production, marketing or management positions.
Students enter the contest by completing an in-class writing assignment at their school.
Students enter the course at various levels of musical expertise.
Students enter the course with a clear vocational aim of work in the theatre industry.
Students enter the data in spreadsheet.
Students enter the department with varied academic backgrounds and training.
Students enter the Earth Balloon to learn about the changing earth.
Students enter the field wide eyed , a little frightened, and in awe of their new journey.
Students enter the hospital medical school and pay annual fees.
Students enter the industry prepared to work in a shop environment in a variety of specialties.
Students enter the industry with a basic foundation of knowledge upon which they can build.
Students enter the information for their research sources and get a printed list in return.
Students enter the information in a journal or database.
Students enter the information, edit it and check their spelling.
Students enter the job market at the beginning of their fourth year.
Students enter the job market unprepared to compete.
Students enter the lab with varying degrees of familiarity with the computer.
Students enter the labor force ready to manage leisure facilities.
Students enter the major only after admission to the professional program.
Students enter the ninth grade with many of their core literacy skills in place.
Students enter the nursing major with a foundation of liberal arts and general education.
Students enter the parlor of a home where they are greeted and have the opportunity to play games.
Students enter the Ph.D. program from around the country and abroad.
Students enter the Ph.D. program in the fall terms only.
Students enter the polytechnics after their O-levels and study for three years.
Students enter the professional portion of the program in the fall semester of their junior year.
Students enter the program after completing a bachelor's degree.
Students enter the program after completing a minimum of two years of college.
Students enter the program already committed to work in a particular laboratory.
Students enter the program and go through it in two, consecutive years.
Students enter the program as cohort members.
Students enter the program as college seniors.
Students enter the program as members of a cohort and advance through the program together.
Students enter the program as part of a group or cohort.
Students enter the program as sophomores.
Students enter the program as undergraduates.
Students enter the program at the end of the Freshman Year of Studies.
Students enter the program at various stages of pregnancy.
Students enter the program based on an evaluation of English proficiency.
Students enter the program between the ages of six and eight years old.
Students enter the program during their senior year and continue into one graduate year.
Students enter the program for a mixture of motives.
Students enter the program in a cohort and complete courses based on an established plan of study.
Students enter the program in the autumn quarter in all but exceptional cases.
Students enter the program in the fall semester.
Students enter the program in the first semester only.
Students enter the program in the ninth grade and remain through high-school graduation.
Students enter the program normally in second year.
Students enter the program only in the fall semester .
Students enter the program through a competitive hire program.
Students enter the program through a competitive hiring program.
Students enter the program through one of the cooperating departments or schools.
Students enter the program through one of the many cooperating departments.
Students enter the program through the virtual learning hall that houses the five main modules.
Students enter the program together and progress through courses and experiences together.
Students enter the program with a variety of career objectives.
Students enter the program with a variety of master's degrees.
Students enter the program with a wide range of academic and work experiences.
Students enter the program with a wide range of prior experience.
Students enter the program with diverse set of academic backgrounds.
Students enter the program with either an associate degree or diploma in nursing.
Students enter the program with varying degrees of proficiency.
Students enter the programs at both the baccalaureate and postbaccalaureate levels.
Students enter the realm of consumer science as they use chemistry to evaluate various juices.
Students enter the room by walking through a short tunnel constructed of tarps and blankets.
Students enter the room in dress code and in silence.
Students enter the school system at a disadvantage when they come from low socioeconomic situations.
Students enter the slope and the y-intercept and the graph is displayed.
Students enter the States with medical insurance and spending money.
Students enter the study of law from a wide variety of undergraduate fields.
Students enter the writing concentration only by permission.
Students enter their answer for each problem, and are graded on a problem by problem basis.
Students enter their data into a database.
Students enter their Earth age and have the web site calculate their age on other planets.
Students enter their first name and a title for the scenario.
Students enter their first name and last name.
Students enter their grade classification wrong.
Students enter their information in one class database.
Students enter their names for a drawing for a two-day trip to Disneyland.
Students enter their number each day on a key pad at the end of the lunch line.
Students enter their own information and a graph is created.
Students enter their reactions, questions and interpretations as subtopics of each line of the poem.
Students enter their resumes on-line selecting individual job targets.
Students enter through a doorway from the concourse and pick up a tray.
Students enter through their schools.
Students enter universities fully cognizant that they have surrendered certain rights.
Students enter using the links below.
Students enter with a variety of educational and life experiences.
Students enter with a wide range of skills and challenges.
Students enter with junior status and lower level general education courses completed.
Students enter year around.
Students enter, thinkers emerge.
Students entering Christian schools are no exception.
Students entering class late are a distraction to the other students and to the instructor.
Students entering college and college freshmen and sophomores are welcome.
Students entering grades two through nine are eligible to participate.
Students entering in the fall semester ordinarily take it in the summer of their first year.
Students entering kindergarten have to be much further along in their studies than they used to be.
Students entering late in a school year often find it especially hard to connect and adjust.
Students entering law school come from a variety of academic backgrounds.
Students entering middle and high school face many issues.
Students entering other UK universities are also welcome.
Students entering our graduate programs become valued members of the department.
Students entering our program can select between three options.
Students entering postgraduate education are also eligible.
Students entering the doctoral program take the candidacy exam within two semesters of enrollment.
Students entering the education system present many challenges to the teacher.
Students entering the graduate degree program often possess widely varied engineering backgrounds.
Students entering the nursing program have additional requirements unique to that program.
Students entering the PhD program are eligible to apply for a scholarship.
Students entering the program begin initial core course work to obtain basic administrative skills.
Students entering the program begin wherever the theory course is at that time.
Students entering the program can complete the certificate in approximately two years.
Students entering the program can earn one unit elective credit for two quarters.
Students entering the program can expect exposure to many academic fields.
Students entering the program come from a wide range of backgrounds and artistic talents.
Students entering the program come from varied academic and vocational backgrounds.
Students entering the program possess a firm grasp of business principles and concepts.
Students entering the program with a bachelor's degree normally take at least four years.
Students entering the program with few legal courses follow the applied option .
Students entering the programs represent most areas of the United States and many other nations.
Students entering the room start to sit on the floor.
Students entering their junior or senior year in high school are eligible.
Students entering university have a wide range of formal and informal experiences.
Students entering with a Ph.D. in a biological field are exempt from the above requirements.
Students enthusiastically embrace the procedure and the topics they discuss.
Students enthusiastically say that the second person is better candidate and give reasons why.
Students entrust the development of their intellect to their teachers.
Students envision themselves as a particular letter grade or type of student.
Students enyoy our wonderful new schoolyard after lunch.
Students equip the van and provide the health care services as a part of their education.
Students especially appreciate the convenience it affords.
Students especially enjoy field trips during which they can observe and collect insects.
Students especially enjoy the flexibility offered through limited term jobs.
Students especially enjoy the padded, fully adjustable, swivel chairs.
Students especially feel little to no connection with the government.
Students especially seem to identify with their favorite place to study.
Students establish a basic technical understanding of the field equipment.
Students establish a business and receive advice from business leaders in the community.
Students establish a community of learners as most courses require collaborative work.
Students establish a goal for young adulthood.
Students establish a hypothesis and analyze their data to test that hypothesis.
Students establish an appreciation for culture and beauty.
Students establish an on-line presence on the Internet by the creation of home pages.
Students establish both academic and health related short and long term goals for themselves.
Students establish builds basic vocabulary through experience and listening.
Students establish cable connections between PC's, hubs, and routers.
Students establish challenging learning objectives in conjunction with employers and the faculty.
Students establish individual weight training programs based on specific individual fitness goals.
Students establish informal contact with peers via e-mail prior to the event.
Students establish market garden.
Students establish new learning objectives for each quarter of participation.
Students establish or further clarify a sense of moral and ethical judgement.
Students establish patterns.
Students establish positive contacts with the local business community.
Students establish pricing for their designs and access plant database libraries utilizing software.
Students establish their own directions.
Students establish three mini-aquariums in cups.
Students estimate and demonstrate facility with calculating sums and differences.
Students estimate and then discover how many seeds are in their pumpkin.
Students estimate and work with real data from a table in realistic settings.
Students estimate the length and then measure common classroom items with single blocks.
Students estimate the masses of several different objects.
Students estimate the number of organisms in a population by simulating an ant population.
Students estimate the number of square centimeters in a trapezoid.
Students estimate the size of a crowd at a rock concert from a picture.
Students estimate the time delay between the signal from Earth to the response from the moon.
Students estimate the total cost of all items on a typical grocery list.
Students estimate the total price of groceries given cash register tapes.
Students estimate the volume of air in a balloon as a way of looking at lung capacity.
Students estimate their own energy output during different forms of exercise.
Students estimate time earth can exist with current problems.
Students estimate, calculate, and measure feed requirements for bison.
Students estimate, make and use measurements to describe and compare phenomena.
Students estimate, measure, and describe objects in space.
Students estimate, record, then measure for the circumference of several pumpkins using inches.
Students estimate, then count, the number of spiderlings that can fit into a spider egg sac.
Students estimate, then measure angles three at a time.
Students evaluate all probationary faculty each semester.
Students evaluate and assess decision-making abilities.
Students evaluate and debate choices.
Students evaluate and develop a collection of resource materials for teaching science.
Students evaluate and modify the systems they create and design.
Students evaluate and modify their graphic assignments.
Students evaluate and synthesize findings across a variety of research techniques.
Students evaluate bank performance through case studies.
Students evaluate both the course and the instructor for every class they take.
Students evaluate business schools in part based on what jobs the graduates receive.
Students evaluate competitive devices.
Students evaluate completed technological designs or products with several tests.
Students evaluate completed technological designs.
Students evaluate completed technological products.
Students evaluate connections between four presidents' political philosophies and their actions.
Students evaluate consumer products and services and make effective consumer decisions.
Students evaluate content accuracy, design effectiveness, mechanics and community involvement.
Students evaluate different types of cruises and passengers.
Students evaluate dilemmas of their own and live public policy issues.
Students evaluate each class session.
Students evaluate each course at the end of every semester.
Students evaluate each other s criteria.
Students evaluate each others work.
Students evaluate each presentation, basing their evaluations on the selection criteria.
Students evaluate every block, both in writing and in discussions with faculty.
Students evaluate every class, and the evaluations are posted publicly.
Students evaluate every practicum every quarter.
Students evaluate existing research and develop short research projects of their own.
Students evaluate existing studies and investigate a range of research approaches.
Students evaluate expressions.
Students evaluate faculty and classes.
Students evaluate faculty and courses each semester in every class.
Students evaluate findings of communication research and understand research methods.
Students evaluate four different plans in terms of the company's goals.
Students evaluate general education courses through the formalized student evaluation process.
Students evaluate how they are doing and what they can do to improve.
Students evaluate how well they measured and followed the recipe by the taste of the biscuits.
Students evaluate if syllabi are consistent with material taught at the end of the semester.
Students evaluate interpretation centers and information presented by professionals at each site.
Students evaluate issues regarding campaigns for national, state, and local elective office.
Students evaluate issues regarding campaigns for national, state, and local elective offices.
Students evaluate model results and learn techniques of parameter refinement.
Students evaluate motives for race-based housing decisions.
Students evaluate music and music performances .
Students evaluate own and others' progress.
Students evaluate papers relevant to concepts presented by the speakers.
Students evaluate patients under the guidance of a preceptor.
Students evaluate professors.
Students evaluate progress of their clinic patients.
Students evaluate readers' needs and practice writing clearly and concisely.
Students evaluate real-world issues through exercises relating to their own experiences.
Students evaluate research articles and treatment outcome studies.
Students evaluate research literature and prepare a research proposal.
Students evaluate rules and address whether additional rules are needed to ensure safety at school.
Students evaluate self by using student presentation rubric.
Students evaluate social, cultural, and societal issues that affect women's health and childbearing.
Students evaluate the advantages of cautious and aggressive strategies.
Students evaluate the assigned case problems and determine a solution.
Students evaluate the assigned labs and determine a solution.
Students evaluate the content of oral communication.
Students evaluate the course and receive evaluations on their individual performance.
Students evaluate the course web page midsemester and at the end of the class.
Students evaluate the data to find the most accurate measure.
Students evaluate the museum tour as a learning experience.
Students evaluate the positive and negative implications of using technology in solving problems.
Students evaluate the program as exceptional.
Students evaluate the programme materials and the courseware is updated.
Students evaluate the quality of Web sites.
Students evaluate the support base for population maintenance and growth potential.
Students evaluate the validity of models produced with and without the aid of technology.
Students evaluate the ways that religions enrich human life.
Students evaluate their brochure and exchange for a peer evaluation.
Students evaluate their chosen career fields through real-world experience.
Students evaluate their colleagues.
Students evaluate their nutritional status by computer.
Students evaluate their operations and gain insight from their successes or failures.
Students evaluate their own contributions as well as other members and the entire group.
Students evaluate their own learning using criteria specific to the activity.
Students evaluate their own productivity and performance for the day during Reflections time.
Students evaluate their own progress and that of their peers.
Students evaluate their own project work.
Students evaluate their own search stategies and their success.
Students evaluate their own speech characteristics.
Students evaluate their own teaching with the cooperating teacher and the university supervisor.
Students evaluate their own work as well as that of their peers.
Students evaluate their own work.
Students evaluate their peers' work online prior to turning it in.
Students evaluate their professors at the end of each course.
Students evaluate their work and their process in the groups.
Students evaluate their work created in the unit and put together an exhibition of their work.
Students evaluate their work in narrative form, answering questions from a worksheet.
Students evaluate their work term.
Students evaluate themselves and then set goals for behavior, attendance, and grades.
Students evaluate themselves through anonymous examinations.
Students evaluate themselves through optional, anonymous examinations.
Students evaluate transfer courses through the formalized student evaluation process.
Students evaluate various statements made by public figures to decide whether they are reasonable.
Students evaluate whether the questionnaire is designed to adequately address the issue.
Students evaluate working by piece stating the advantages and disadvantages.
Students evaluate writing of other students and professionals.
Students evaluate, isolate, and identify several computer malfunctions down to board level.
Students evaluate, make decisions and are responsible for their own learning.
Students evaluate, write and speak about the careers and skills they experienced at the site.
Students even can purchase textbooks where they work.
Students even can turn to the computer to find out what's happening on campus.
Students even choose their own desks.
Students even come to chess club from private elementary schools without clubs of their own.
Students even correct their own paces as they go.
Students even correct their own work and take responsibility for their own learning.
Students even get credit for going to the learning center.
Students even have the option of completing their teaching practicum abroad.
Students even have the right, within limits, to distribute religious material on school grounds.
Students even keep activity journals for several weeks.
Students even learn how to solder safely.
Students even manage the investments during the summer, to a certain extent.
Students even participate as title closers in mock closings.
Students even rehearse their telephone skills for extraordinary customer relations.
Students even take Internet tests.
Students even take time out during lunch hour to perform noon prayers.
Students even vote on local referendum questions.
Students eventually begin to take the lead in their own learning and plan what they want to learn.
Students eventually conclude they lost money by going to college.
Students eventually model what they see as normal, acceptable behavior.
Students eventually produce their own documentary.
Students eventually receive certificates based on their success in the course problems.
Students everywhere can always use a little more geographical information.
Students everywhere can wrap their hands around a rock.
Students everywhere study important issues.
Students evolve toward solo production.
Students evolve, teachers evolve, the material evolves.
Students exam the computer generated data, interpret it and write an analysis of their diet.
Students examine a beaver dam and mountainside waterfall, stop for exploration at Summit Lake.
Students examine a collection of crystals searching for geometric and angular patterns.
Students examine a commencement program before the start of the ceremony.
Students examine a complex urban issue, such as recycling, or the homeless.
Students examine a live lobster and learn about the life cycle, habits and diets .
Students examine a photo to estimate how many galaxies it contains.
Students examine a piece of written or recorded music to identify melodic alteration.
Students examine a piece of written or recorded music to identify scale fragments and patterns.
Students examine a poster and identify examples of sustainable practices depicted in the poster.
Students examine a sample of each type of soil with a magnifier.
Students examine a small crab washed ashore.
Students examine a variety of disciplinary perspectives relevant for understanding organizations.
Students examine a variety of early childhood education models.
Students examine a variety of theoretical bases for assessment and practice.
Students examine a water sample for the presence of plankton.
Students examine a wide range of materials recently recovered from Iowa archaeological sites.
Students examine a wolf at a local wildlife rehabilitation center.
Students examine advantages and limitations of organizational models for agencies of varying sizes.
Students examine all aspects of a legal career.
Students examine American principles and beliefs as they apply to American government.
Students examine an imaginary patient with back pain.
Students examine an object through each of the hand held lenses.
Students examine analog growth and distribution.
Students examine and begin the process of data analysis.
Students examine and compare the art of India, China, and Japan.
Students examine and compare various editions of the same work whenever feasible.
Students examine and discuss each new patient with an attending.
Students examine and discuss geometric patterns found in works of art.
Students examine and discuss pertinent reference resources.
Students examine and discuss published essays and plays alongside each other's drafts.
Students examine and evaluate research methods and design research programs.
Students examine and evaluate the variety of Web based instructional options.
Students examine and evaluate the variety of Web-based instructional options.
Students examine and extend topics in secondary school algebra.
Students examine and practice procedures common to all kinds of academic and professional writing.
Students examine and record the data for each fruit or vegetable.
Students examine and sketch how a machine works while looking at the real thing.
Students examine anddescribe the resulting graph.
Students examine anole structures and add an anole to the habitat.
Students examine anti-bias principles and approaches to working with young children.
Students examine arbitration, summary jury trials and receive hands-on training in mediation.
Students examine artifacts and draw conclusions about the role of men and women in the fur trade.
Students examine artifacts during a school program.
Students examine artwork through slides, books, and museum field trips.
Students examine ash splint baskets in multiple stages of construction.
Students examine aspects of canal life by participating in hands-on activities.
