Life tables are a tool used to summarize patterns of births and deaths.
Most life table analyses reveal patterns.
Life tenancies are ineligible for the program.
A life tenant is a tenant
Life tenant can also have vested remainder.
Life terms can indeed institutionalize incompetence, but so does the current system.
Life today can be difficult.
Life today can be pretty hard out there for young people.
Life today can be wild and crazy.
Life today demands constant learning and improvement.
Life today involves standing in line to get a lot of needed service.
Life today is at an ever increasing fast pace.
Life today is busy and financial life is too complex.
Life today is characterized by a very specific set of biochemicals.
Life today is cheap.
Life today is complicated.
Life today is different.
Life today is difficult and demanding.
Life today is difficult, no doubt about it.
Life today is filled with empty noise.
Life today is full of pressure and stress.
Life today is hectic with schedules, work demands, family matters and whatnot.
Life today is increasingly hectic.
Life today is more complicated than it used to be.
Life today is more complicated than it was back in the toga gardens of Greece.
Life today is no less complicated or demanding.
Life today is obviously much different, and broadcast coverage of trials is required.
Life today is often complex and exhausting.
Life today is pretty juicy.
Life today is something of a race, with a lot of passing the baton back and forth.
Life today is very different to that of only a few years ago.
Life today moves so fast that it's difficult to slow down in order to analyze it.
A life vest is a flotation device
Life vests are available at no charge.
Life vests are mandatory for paddlers and other floaters.
Life vests are the only gear required in both summer and winter.
Life vests can save a child's life anywhere, so be smart and be safe around the water.
Life writing is a creative and empowering adventure.
Life zones are therefore de- fined sharply in some places and feebly in others.
Life abides in controlled symmetry.
Life aboard is a continual switch from one age to the other.
Life aboard is luxurious, civilized, and unhurried.
Life aboard is relaxed and informal.
Life abounds in the pond.
Life abounds with numerous teachers.
Life abounds within the canyon, in the Colorado River, and even along the rims.
Life abroad can be lonely, and prostitutes tempting.
Life abroad presents challenges.
Life acquires meaning only as it is shared.
Life actually becomes somewhat pleasant.
Life actually has three steps.
Life addresses Life and is felt and answered.
Life adds a fairy-tale gloss to real prison life.
Life adds a variety of colours and edges to it.
Life adds information to raw materials.
Life adjusts to the environment according to the needs of survival.
Life affects environment, environment affects life.
Life affects environments.
Life affirming beliefs, intentions and practices are fundamental to wellness.
Life affirming messages help heal the body.
Life affords no greater pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties.
Life again has meaning, and everything again has purpose.
Life again has possibilities.
Life again holds promise of great adventures.
Life again is good.
Life ahead begins to look bleak.
Life allows for both continuity and discontinuity.
Life allows for compromise, with compassion and understanding.
Life allows people to feel, look and listen.
Life alone can be dreadful.
Life alone can beget life.
Life already has far too many gimmicks.
Life also calls for environmental parts such as food, air, water and warmth.
Life also forces many other people to bank on a sudden windfall.
Life also has a way of evening things out over the long-haul.
Life also has links to poetry and to a site devoted to everyday heroes.
Life also has to be fun.
Life also involves the concentration of molecules, also resulting in less randomness in the system.
Life also is good for tall passengers in the second row.
Life also needs an atmosphere.
Life also offers daily opportunities for engaging in noble and worthy goals and aspirations.
Life also requires a hospitable climate and atmosphere.
Life also requires water.
Life also says chiropractors got a bad deal on paying back the loans.
Life also tends to become very difficult for involved youth without their fellow gang members.
Life alters experience.
Life amour with from vibrators.
Life annuities with refund provisions .
Life appears dismal and dark.
Life appears on the following albums.
Life appears on the surface of the Earth.
Life appears to be getting back to normal around here.
Life appears to be heading toward a dead end . . . .
Life appears to be heading towards a dead end.
Life appears to be made out of the very ordinary materials of tyhe universe.
Life appears to be manageable.
Life appears to be nothing but involvement.
Life appears to be out of control.
Life appears to be out of synch, and nothing seems to be going right.
Life appears to be too precious to destroy.
Life appears to be withdrawing.
Life appears to contradict the second law of thermodynamics.
Life appears to cope with pressure effects on biomolecules in two ways.
Life appears to go on.
Life appears to precious to destroy.
Life approach Italy at an stable near many struggle.
Life approve near whatever buyers both clothe easy fill in.
Life are available online.
Life arises from that inner source and spreads into the sky outside.
Life assumes a meaning then, and only then, when the soul enters into the possiblity of new art.
Life attracts go-getters, hard workers, connectors, contributors, team players, and stars.
Life avoid among a favorite if report table tennis equipment.
Life bake off an meal consequently melt tropical fish.
Life balances out.
Life basically has meaning because it is a finite, limited entity.
Life basically sucks.
Life batters it.
Life be in it - families using libraries'.
Life Be In It.
Life beams with fresh and lasting joy.
Life bears no guarantees.
Life beckons the child to play in the world.
Life become brighter.
Life become more complicated and our trips to Mexico dwindled and became more sporadic.
Life becomes a big game of energy shifting, burning, dissapating, intensifying.
Life becomes a canvas for the joyous expression of the soul.
Life becomes a cheap, expendable commodity.
Life becomes a dreary routine of duty and marriage a bondage.
Life becomes a journey that is a joy to experience.
Life becomes a joy with a friend who is trustworthy and caring.
Life becomes a jumbled jigsaw puzzle.
Life becomes a little easier to tolerate.
Life becomes a lot more fun at that point.
Life becomes a means of survival.
Life becomes a pleasure.
Life becomes a rare and unprescedented opportunity to feel blissful and be more successful.
Life becomes a rather thin veneer.
Life becomes a revolving-door search for love in all the wrong places.
Life becomes a rut.
Life becomes a series of unfulfilled expectations.
Life becomes a slow death, the pain and torture continue.
Life becomes a struggle that they intend to win at all costs.
Life becomes a symbolic arena for the acting out of fantasies.
Life becomes a valuable possession.
Life becomes about avoiding becoming the prey of various ghetto forces.
Life becomes an act of faith.
Life becomes an endless cycle of ups and downs.
Life becomes an endless process of delicate negotiation between diverse elements.
Life becomes an endless pursuit of acceptance through performance.
Life becomes an exciting adventure rather than dull and tedious.
Life becomes an uncomfortable maze of distractions and annoyances.
Life becomes an unending compromise.
Life becomes an unsettled blur.
Life becomes bearable again.
Life becomes boring or frightening.
Life becomes both chaotic and deadly deterministic.
Life becomes centeredaround the warm aura of the wood-stove.
Life becomes cheap and values are crushed and twisted.
Life becomes clean, abundant, safe and predictable.
Life becomes coherent and whole again.
Life becomes contagious when it becomes sacrificial.
Life becomes easier and more fun.
Life becomes easier and more pleasant.
Life becomes easier that way.
Life becomes easier, more genuine, a little calmer.
Life becomes easier.
Life becomes easy.
Life becomes empty and hollow.
Life becomes fragmented.
Life becomes fruitful only when it becomes sacrificial.
Life becomes full because death means nothing.
Life becomes full of meaning, magic and purpose.
Life becomes full of possibilities.
Life becomes fuller, more satisfying.
Life becomes good again and manageable.
Life becomes harder.
Life becomes harmonious, but monotonous and dull.
Life becomes increasingly a matter of technique.
Life becomes increasingly easy and effortless.
Life becomes incredibly crowded with homework and part-time jobs.
Life becomes joyful and positive, happy and enlightening.
Life becomes joyful, amusing, generous, and abundant.
Life becomes less interesting, and the dead come to hold our fascination.
Life becomes less threatening.
Life becomes less what they can prove and more what they can do.
Life becomes like a trial with the verdict already known.
Life becomes meaningless.
Life becomes memory.
Life becomes miserable.
Life becomes more complicated.
Life becomes more harmonious, more melodious, more nourishing.
Life becomes more important than death.
Life becomes more interesting and vital, thus the name of the article.
Life becomes more interesting.
Life becomes more like a dance.
Life becomes more like a movie than a trap.
Life becomes more meaningful and optimistic.
Life becomes more precious, and the feel of our children in our arms becomes more dear.
Life becomes more stable as invasions all but cease.
Life becomes much simpler, happier and more manageable as an ex-smoker.
Life becomes mundane, dull, boring.
Life becomes mundane, routine.
Life becomes mythology - mythology becomes life .
Life becomes narrow.
Life becomes new and very serious.
Life becomes nothing but sheer survival.
Life becomes one long diversion.
Life becomes our teacher.
Life becomes phobic and populated with danger at every turn.
Life becomes quiet.
Life becomes radiant.
Life becomes richer.
Life becomes routine.
Life becomes simple and clear in the presence of sounds, silence and the rhythm of nature.
Life becomes simple, but full.
Life becomes too difficult for both the mother and the child.
Life becomes truly an enjoyable experience by exploring just that uniqueness.
Life becomes unpredictable.
Life becomes very busy after high-school or college.
Life becomes very complicated if there are four ERs, but the data are compelling.
Life becomes very difficult.
Life becomes very miserable.
Life becomes victorious.
Life becomes wonderfully possible.
Life begets life and health begets health.
Life begets life as days become weeks preceding the months that become years.
Life begets life.
Life begets meaning.
Life begins - the meeting of the sperm and the egg.
Life begins and ends with a sigh of hope.
Life begins and grows within the darkness of a mother's womb.
Life begins and life ends.
Life begins anew at the cross.
Life begins anew.
Life begins as a fertilized egg.
Life begins assimilating data at the instant of conception which is also the instant of ensoulment.
Life begins at birth in the world.
Life begins at birth.
Life begins at conception and that makes abortion murder.
Life begins at conception and there is no way around that fact.
Life begins at conception is another strong point brought up by pro-life activists.
Life begins at conception when egg and sperm unite.
Life begins at conception, which has been proven.
Life begins at conception.
Life begins at forty.
Life begins at marriage.
Life begins at the begetting.
Life begins at the beginning, conception.
Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward.
Life begins at the Hop.
Life begins at the moment of fertilization.
Life begins at the point of trusting faith.
Life begins at thirty three and a third.
Life begins for humans as one fertilized egg.
Life begins from a single cells of micro-organic bacteria.
Life begins in a natural way, it evolves, and happiness expands.
Life begins in the ocean.
Life begins months before the time of birth.
Life begins nine months earlier at conception when an individual human being comes into existence.
Life begins on earth.
Life begins simple enough.
Life begins simply as a breath of air and ends in the same way.
Life begins the moment there is conception.
Life begins to be a delightful blend of vibrations coming together to achieve a purpose.
Life begins to break down.
Life begins to center around alcohol or drugs.
Life begins to gain some sanity.
Life begins to imitate art and vice verse.
Life begins to modify the atmosphere.
Life begins to reassert itself.
Life begins to stagnate.
Life begins to take on new meaning.
Life begins when life begins.
Life begins when the children have graduated from college and moved out of the house.
Life begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.
Life begins when the kids move out and the dog dies.
Life begins when the last child goes to college and the dog dies.
Life begins when the male and female cells are united.
Life begins when the soul begins.
Life begins when the two become one, death begins when the one becomes two.
Life begins when the wife takes the children and they all leave for vacation.
Life begins when.
Life begins with a birth.
Life begins with a challenge, and everything depends on our response to that challenge.
Life begins with a disk drive.
Life begins with conception and ushers forth in a living baby.
Life begins with dust on crust.
Life begins with hope .
Life begins with one.
Life begins with the begetting, with conception in the physical realm.
Life begins with the family and that is where individuals mold there life, right from day one.
Life begins, it grows, it reproduces, and it dies.
Life begins, it grows, it reproduces, it dies.
Life being what it is, the perfect schedule is probably unobtainable.
Life being what it is, though, usually the screen stays frustratingly blank.
Life belongs equally to fish, insects, mammals, birds and even plants.
Life belongs to the livings and ones who live to learn to face challenges.
Life binds elements together.
Life Blows Up.
Life boils down to a contest of ideas.
Life boils down to amino acids.
Life bootstraps itself.
Life bowls along on a high-speed track, with ever new sponsors.
Life breaks free.
Life breathe above a equestrian.
Life brings a lot of changes.
Life brings a lot of disappointment, failure, and disillusionment.
Life brings all kinds of changes.
Life brings change and each holiday season is different.
Life brings changes.
Life brings many conflicting responsibilities and choices.
Life brings no conclusions.
Life brings sorrows and joys alike.
Life brings suffering.
Life brings trials and hardships, some easier to bear than others.
Life brings up our emotions, in other words.
Life brings with it feelings.
Life bubbles along in the self-contained suburbs.
Life bubbles beneath, striving to burst forth.
Life bursting forth, primeval creation in action, there is no stopping now.
Life Call ad.
Life calls for a balance in emphasis.
Life calls for a simple set of actions to take.
Life calls to life.
Life can actually be a joy.
Life can also be an endless treadmill.
Life can also be both economic and religious.
Life can also bring very great rewards.
Life can be a ball .
Life can be a bowl of cherries full of pits.
Life can be a cathedral.
Life can be a difficult and challenging roller coaster ride.
Life can be a gamble.
Life can be a hurricane, or it can be a quiet meadow.
Life can be a journey of adventures, of being alive and doing important work.
Life can be a jungle.
Life can be a lazy driving tour of the countryside or a rollicking canoe trip down the river.
Life can be a little easier.
Life can be a living nightmare.
Life can be a long endless walk through a bunch of cow dung.
Life can be a lot better.
Life can be a lot harder without a credit card.
Life can be a lot like football.
Life can be a lot like that.
Life can be a myriad of both obstacles and accomplishments.
Life can be a painful experience for anyone who finds reading and writing difficult.
Life can be a picnic when shared with friends.
Life can be a playground.
Life can be a source of continuous learning.
Life can be a struggle and mistakes are made.
Life can be a struggle.
Life can be a turbulent ride.
Life can be a very powerful force when so much of it fills the senses.
Life can be a viable alternative to higher education.
Life can be a whirlwind of craziness, busy moments and fast paced action.
Life can be a whole lot more exciting when working with others.
Life can be a wilderness, with murkiness clouding our vision.
Life can be absolutely unbearable at times.
Life can be abundant, if nutrients and sunlight are plentiful.
Life can be ambiguous, in that doing the good is often merely doing the lesser of two evils.
Life can be an adventure or overwhelming.
Life can be an adventure.
Life can be arbitrary and unfair.
Life can be as calm as one desires or can be spiced with civic or senior center activities.
Life can be awfully dull without some bogeyman to deride.
Life can be awkward at that age, but also exhilarating.
Life can be bad .
Life can be bad, life can be good, life can be in between, but thats how it is for everyone.
Life can be beautiful but it can also be harsh at times.
Life can be beautiful.
Life Can Be Beautiful.
Life can be better than that.
Life can be blissful, and happy and free.
Life Can Be Bones.
Life can be complicated and demanding.
Life can be complicated and difficult.
Life can be creative in the most simple ways.
Life can be cruel and mean and spouses can be abusive and ugly.
Life can be cruel sometimes.
Life can be cruel, cold and crusty.
Life can be cruel.
Life can be dangerous for a small bird.
Life can be difficult at times.
Life can be difficult because of unresolved inner turmoil in our own hearts and minds.
Life can be difficult even in the best of times.
Life can be difficult sometimes.
Life can be difficult when both parents work outside the home.
Life can be difficult when the hours between dusk and dawn are less than restful.
Life can be difficult.
Life can be easier.
Life can be easy.
Life can be ecbolic.
Life can be ecstatic.
Life can be entertaining.
Life can be eternal but death can be as instant as a power failure or system crash.
Life can be exciting and filled with joy, Or life can be hard and filled with fright.
Life can be exciting.
Life can be frustrating.
Life can be full and happy.
Life can be full of annoyances.
Life can be full of happiness and joy.
Life CAN be fun and easy.
Life can be fun at home.
Life can be fun.
Life can be good .
Life can be good some times.
Life can be good, even though ultimately pointless.
Life can be good.
Life can be great.
Life can be hard and too serious.
Life can be hard at times.
Life can be hard, at time, difficult.
Life can be hard, but it is full of unexpected turns, and while it remains there is hope.
Life can be hard, but there is an easy chair.
Life can be hard, even when it is manifested and played out on the floor of a basketball arena.
Life can be hard, painful and unforgiving.
Life can be hard.
Life can be harsh, painful, threatening, and death lurks in the shadows and even in the sunlight.
Life can be hectic and chaotic.
Life can be hectic for students with multiple majors.
Life can be hectic here at our library but never dull.
Life can be hectic.
Life can be hell because of our dogs.
Life can be hell, but there is a heaven.
Life can be horrible h.
Life can be incredibly difficult and downright unfair at times.
Life can be incredibly painful.
Life can be infinitely many things or just one thing.
Life can be interesting, and many therapies reflect life.
Life can be interesting.
Life can be joyful and happy.
Life can be joyful and rewarding again.
Life can be just as good with less fat and with less coal and oil.
Life can be like a dictionary.
Life can be like a novel.
Life can be LIKE that .
Life can be like that.
Life can be lonely.
Life can be longer as a non-smoker, and life is better as a nonsmoker.
Life can be messy.
Life can be miserable for the boy or girl who grows too fast or too slow.
Life Can be Miserable.
Life Can Be Miserable.
Life can be monotonous.
Life can be more pleasant for everyone with fewer nos.
Life can be more.
Life can be much more fun than that.
Life can be much worse for sure.
Life can be nasty, brutish, and short.
Life can be one disappointment after another.
Life can be ordinary or it can be great.
Life can be overly predictable.
Life can be overwhelming at times.
Life can be over-whelming.
Life can be overwhelming.
Life can be pain free.
Life can be perfect.
Life can be pleasant and diverting.
Life can be pretty boring, and there's a lot of excitement in that kind of lifestyle.
Life can be pretty brutal at times.
Life can be pretty confusing at times.
Life can be pretty tough at times.
Life can be purely a joy.
Life can be quite varied, depending on where in the spirit worlds one winds up.
Life can be real rough . . .
Life can be really great sometimes.
Life can be really hard.
Life can be really unfair sometimes.
Life can be reeeally wonderful sometimes.
Life can be richer than that.
Life can be risky for the average citizen.
Life can be rough for some people.
Life can be rough for the smaller galaxies in a group.
Life can be rough like that sometimes.
Life can be scary, even when the sun is shining and the grass is green.
Life can be so beautiful, filled with wonderful moments.
Life can be so cruel and brutal.
Life can be so cruel sometimes.
Life can be so cruel.
Life can be so depressing, day in, day out.
Life can be so easy.
Life can be so fragile.
Life can be so full of surprises.
Life can be so hard sometimes.
Life can be so hard.
Life can be so heart-breaking.
Life can be so invigorating when it is taken with a bit of risk.
Life can be so loveable at times.
Life can be so much easier with a air compressor.
Life can be so much more.
Life can be so non-linear.
Life can be so outrageous.
Life can be so overwhelming at times.
Life can be so sad, so uncomprehensible.
Life can be so sweet.
Life can be so unfair.
Life can be so very ironic.
Life can be so what ever .
Life can be so wonderful, but it also can be shattered.
Life can be so wonderful.
Life can be so wrong at times.
Life can be sour, but lemonade is sweet.
Life can be stable and exciting with the right planning.
Life can be strange at times.
Life can be stressful and harsh at times.
Life can be stressful.
Life can be such a struggle sometimes.
Life can be such an adventure.
Life can be surprising.
Life can be sweet again relatively quickly.
Life can be that easy.
Life can be that tough.
Life can be that way too.
Life can be the same after a trinket has been lost, But never after the loss of a treasure.
Life can be the same way without clearly defined and visualized goals.
Life can be too busy or just simply too difficult at times to handle so many responsibilities.
Life can be too confusing, too busy, or too loud.
Life can be too grey otherwise.
Life can be tough and unfair, and work can be stressful for health.
Life can be tough at times.
Life can be tough on the streets or on the slopes.
Life can be tough sometimes.
Life can be tough, especially ashore.
Life can be tough.
Life can be tragic or comic, or a success or a disaster.
Life can be tricky.
Life can be unfair to the ones who needed it most.
Life can be unfair, but there's always hope.
Life can be unfair.
Life can be unpredictable, but death more so.
Life can be unpredictable.
Life can be very brutal.
Life can be very busy at times.
Life can be very complex, and giving leadership to a college multiplies that complexity.
Life can be very cruel at times.
Life can be very cruel sometimes.
Life can be very cruel. . . .
Life can be very difficult at times.
Life can be very difficult in sports and wildlife photography.
Life can be very full.
Life can be very good.
Life can be very hectic and confusing.
Life can be very ironic.
Life can be very pressured with families, jobs and other committments.
Life can be very rewarding in many aspects.
Life can be very short.
Life can be very stressful.
Life can be very tough indeed.
Life can be very unkind to our children sometimes.
Life can be very worthwhile.
Life can be wonderful.
Life can be, and often is, like a roller coaster ride.
Life can become a fractured mess of broken dreams and confusing mayhem.
Life can become a totally different world.
Life can become dull.
Life can become hectic.
Life can become much more enjoyable and meaningful.
Life can become one long, happy time of self indulgence.
Life can become so involved with all the busy matters that seem important at the time.
Life can begin at fifty.
Life can begin to feel as if it is getting out of control.
Life can beside a survey nor forgive cannoli cake roll.
Life can bring a lot of bad breaks.
Life can change for the better.
Life can change from good to bad as quickly as the weather.
Life can change in a split second.
Life can change in an instant and it does for our two lead characters.
Life can change in an instant.
Life can change in just one minute.
Life can change quickly and unexpectedly.
Life can change so fast.
Life can change, people can change, situations can change.
Life can deal alot of ups and downs to people.
Life can deal out hard blows at times.
Life can definitely be uncomfortable at times.
Life can develop on the planet Earth, decreasing the entropy of the living matter.
Life can dish out a lot of pain in a short time.
Life can easily become dismal and oppressive.
Life can easily become overwhelming, and fear can set in.
Life can end in the blink of an eye.
Life can end once it reproduces.
Life can even seem normal.
Life can exist on Earth because Earth has a strong, stable magnetic field.
Life can exist without people.
Life can feel empty when it begins to show where all the dead-ends are.
Life can feel overwhelming and become gray with obligations.
Life can get a little hectic at times, but that s just a part of living.
Life can get all out of focus for both.
Life can get better, and life can get worse.
Life can get better.
Life can get crazy outside, at school, at home.
Life can get fairly hectic at times with operating two very distinct businesses from one home.
Life can get hard and stressful, problems with relationships, children, parents etc.
Life can get harsh for new immigrants in the inner city of a large U.S. metropolis.
Life can get hectic with careers, children, pets, home improvement projects and on and on.
Life can get in the way of racing every once in a while.
Life can get interesting.
Life can get out of control too sometimes, just as a chat room can.
Life can get pretty deep.
Life can get pretty wacky sometimes.
Life can get pretty weird sometimes.
Life can get really hectic.
Life can get scary, but somehow the universe provides.
Life can get so complicated.
Life can get so much better.
Life can get stagnant and repetitive.
Life can get stagnant.
Life can get too hectic, too confusing.
Life CAN get worse.
Life can go along too peacefully here, while work is avoided in the interest of sweetness and roses.
Life can go on.
Life can go so suddenly.
Life can hang by a second - it's better to hesitate and be late.
Life can happen.
Life Can Have Meaning Imagine the meaning that such a grand hope can give to our lives.
Life can have no meaning to any living being without consciousness.
Life can have order, but very often that order is hard to detect.
Life can have true meaning.
Life can hurt, and so can our choices.
Life can in fact be difficult and quite dangerous.
Life can indeed have a happy ending.
Life can infringe on fun all too often.
Life can just be terribly hard sometimes, especially with economic and other factors.
Life can knock people to their hands and knees and be very humbling and painful.
Life can last so long.
Life can linger in the body without consciousness in the vegetative state of coma.
Life can live only on life.
Life can never be bad.
Life can never be dull, but it can never have a soothing lull.
Life can never be the same again.
Life can never be the same for the inhabitants of the area.
Life can never be the same.
Life can never die.
Life can no longer be be black or white.
Life can now add soccer to that list.
Life can often be stressful and mentally exhausting at college.
Life can often take some unexpected twists and turns.
Life can often work in funny ways.
Life can only come from other life.
Life can only develop in harmony with the natural laws in the universe.
Life can only do so much.
Life can only imitate art for so long, before they become the same awful but kinda wondrous thing.
Life can only infuse life.
Life can only reduce thermal entropy by somehow drawing energy in from outside the system.
Life can only survive within certain limitations.
Life can present any number of situations that stall a person's spiritual progress.
Life can probably adapt to such slow changes.
Life can really be tough at times and overwhelmingly cruel.
Life can run as a slower, easier pace.
Life can seem an endless surge of conflict and despair.
Life can seem hard and far from innocent.
Life can seem like one big damp sponge.
Life can seem limiting.
Life can seem overwhelming at times.
Life can seem pretty fast-paced at times.
Life can seem so intense sometimes, it's hard to stop and live a little along the way.
Life can seem to be frustrating at times.
Life can so easily be hell in the face of reckless and partisan confusion.
Life can some times be ironic.
Life can sometimes be a real drag.
Life can sometimes be such a bitch.
Life can sometimes be very cruel to a code monkey.
Life can sometimes be very cruel.
Life can spin things so well.
Life can start to feel like an emotional roller coaster.
Life can still be hard.
Life can stop by a doctor's prediction.
Life can stun sometimes.
Life can then march on.
Life can then quickly begin to seem dark and without meaning.
Life can throw unpredictable curves.
Life can turn unpleasant very quickly.
Life can use rather exotic ways of acquiring and storing water resources.
Life can, in fact, be biologically dependent on another organism.
Life carries many distractions.
Life carries on.
Life carries risks.
Life casts a shadow of possessions, transitory and lost.
Life causes a being to do what it was created to do.
Life causes life.
Life causes pain.
Life causes problems for theories all the time.
Life ceases for an instant.
Life ceases weekly publication after thirty-six years.
Life ceases, the vessels are blocked and no longer active in the water transport.
Life centers around getting even and paying off debts, often with borrowed or stolen money.
Life centers around kids' sports, raising sheep and goats, and their church community.
Life centers around the calves in both African and Asian elephant societies.
Life certainly becomes more complicated with monitors.
Life certainly can be different.
Life certainly does change with a second child there is no doubt.
Life certainly goes on.
Life certainly has a way of playing peculiar pranks.
Life certainly is a bitch.
Life certainly is interesting.
Life changes a planet's condition as it takes in food and energy and releases waste products.
Life changes after a baby is born.
Life changes as couples work together to develop a stable and happy family.
Life changes at every level.
Life changes by the moment.
Life changes completely - old relationships are ended or strained until they are no longer the same.
Life changes completely.
Life changes conditions.
Life changes constantly.
Life changes dramatically.
Life changes experience.
Life changes fast, and instant wealth frequently is gone overnight.
Life changes for the Indian tribes and white trappers in the old West.
Life changes in a moment in time.
Life Changes Many things have changed throughout time.
Life changes over time.
Life changes perceptions.
Life changes plans.
Life changes so rapidly that people are often unaware of how it can affect their insurance.
Life changes such as divorce or the death of a spouse, are another reason to sell.
Life changes such as divorce, or accident or illness can also give rise to grief reactions.
Life changes too quickly sometimes, and it's all the more evident down here.
Life changes very frequently.
Life changes when adolescence occurs.
Life changes with a traumatic brain injury.
Life changes with the seasons and with the people who come and go.
Life changes, and priorities change, too.
Life changes, life evolves.
Life changes, seemingly coincidental, can often bring unexpected joy and fulfillment.
Life changes, so do the ideas, so do the collisions.
Life changing love that flows abundant and free is here.
Life clearly does more than adapt to the Earth.
Life coaching itself is an elegantly simple idea.
Life colonizes around the chemical-rich warm water provided by the lava flows.
LIFE Come see our everyday life.
Life comes a spread cape on the snare.
Life comes and goes.
Life comes back.
Life comes before any other thing.
Life comes brimming over.
Life comes fast and furious every day.
Life comes from life and death comes from death.
Life comes from life.
Life comes from life.
Life comes from pain.
Life comes from space because life comes from life.
Life comes from the fertile green land in the north.
Life comes full circle, sometimes.
Life comes in baby steps.
Life comes in fragments.
Life comes in many forms, textures and colors.
Life comes in pills.
Life comes in seasons.
Life comes in too many varieties.
Life comes like a rhythm of sounds, like a clippety clicking, like a tap dancing genie.
Life comes one day at a time and needs to be faced one day at a time.
Life comes only from life.
Life comes out of death.
Life comes out of it and returns into it.
Life comes through the soul of a person, and depends upon the degree of evolvement.
Life comes to a standstill.
Life comes to a stop.
Life comes to an end.
Life comes together with other life because that makes life possible.
Life comes with a duty to strive to do good for others.
Life comes with directions.
Life comes with few guarantees.
Life comes with no guarantees.
Life comes with profound givens.
Life comes without warning.
Life conceives like growing inspiration.
Life condemns the delay.
Life congregates around tiny springs.
Life conquers death, and love defeats hatred.
Life consist of making decision.
Life consists almost entirely of details.
Life Consists in Conflict.
Life consists in overcoming isolation through community.
Life consists in what a man is thinking of all day.
Life consists of a sequence of difficult tasks satisfactorily accomplished.
Life consists of a series of ups and downs.
Life consists of action.
Life consists of actions guided by intelligence.
Life consists of anabolic and catabolic processes.
Life consists of challenges and opportunities for growth.
Life consists of choices.
Life consists of creating, striving, and searching.
Life consists of intelligent action.
Life consists of making choices.
Life consists of many small goals, each of which is a milestone that determines the future.
Life consists of our conduct in our relation to our fellow man.
Life consists of problem-solving.
Life consists of propositions about life. . .
Life consists of rhythms and blues.
Life consists of shades of gray.
Life consists of spiritual conflicts.
Life consists of ups and downs and problems.
Life contains awful things.
Life contains death and vice versa.
Life contains everything from a one celled organism to the most complex living thing.
Life contains many ironies.
Life contains many periods of transition.
Life contains many positive experiences.
Life contains old age, sickness, death and loss.
Life contains tremendous amounts of information stored in the DNA molecules.
Life continue the same as before.
Life continues after death.
Life continues always, only the situations process and arena changes.
Life continues and people just go on.
Life Continues at Chernobyl.
Life continues because it is part of the great, eternal, creative life-force.
Life continues because of reproduction.
Life continues beyond.
Life continues but independently of human life.
Life continues here.
Life continues in a mundane, pleasant routine.
Life continues in the aftermath of such cataclysmic events.
Life continues it's circle with new babies and blossoms for everyone to welcome.
Life continues much in the same way.
Life continues on.
Life continues to be an adventure.
Life continues to be good.
Life continues to be hard.
Life continues to be hectic.
Life continues to be very rewarding, exciting and full.
Life continues to bring surprises.
Life continues to get simpler, but with complexity.
Life continues to go pretty well here.
Life continues to imitate fiction.
Life continues to matter.
Life continues to remain very similar.
Life continues to roll along at a fast pace.
Life continues, bugs bite and birds fly . . .
Life continues, but no longer like yesterday.
Life continues, the past co-existing with the present.
Life continues, under the shadow.
Life controls the earth's life-sustaining processes.
Life coping skills include balancing a checkbook, personal budgeting and job skills.
Life costs money.
Life cover here is mandatory on home loans.
Life cover with cashback.
Life covers a wide area.
Life covers a wide range of biological complexity.
Life covers it all.
Life covers the wine, cigar, and art industries.
Life crawls upstream.
Life creates complexity like a slough delays waters trip to the sea.
Life creates it and makes it grow.
Life creates it, makes it grow.
Life Creates it, Makes It Grow.
Life creates it. . .
Life creates it. . makes it grow.
Life creates life.
Life creates more possibilities as it engages with opportunities .
Life creates situations.
Life creates structures with different-length scales.
Life creates structures.
Life creates the present atmosphere.
Life creates with abandon.
Life cycles Cyathostome species have similar life cycles.
Life deals cancer.
Life defeats death.
Life defies a definition because of evolution.
Life definitely is a lot better now.
Life definitely moves in cycles.
Life delivering between the breakfast once avoid kayak helmet.
Life delivers lots of hurt.
Life demands a measure of spontaneity.
Life demands a midlife career change.
Life demands compassion.
Life demands effort.
Life demands right action if knowledge is to come alive.
Life depends for existence on sunlight.
Life depends heavily on the supply of fresh water that exists in rivers, lakes, and aquifers.
Life depends on a specific course of action.
Life depends on ability.
Life depends on an enormous number of interlocking chemical reactions.
Life depends on attitude.
Life depends on certain factors.
Life depends on certain physical factors.
Life depends on choices.
Life depends on conditions.
Life depends on enzymes - they are essential for maintaining proper function of the body.
Life depends on enzymes -They are essential for maintaining proper function of the body.
Life depends on factors.
Life depends on free-flowing, living rivers.
Life depends on grind water.
Life depends on having a heart, lungs, mind and other people.
Life Depends on It - special resource for teachers to read.
Life depends on it.
Life depends on local weather conditions.
Life depends on multiple factors.
Life depends on others.
Life depends on photosynthesis.
Life depends on physical factors.
Life depends on signals exchanged among molecules.
Life depends on such factors.
Life depends on sunlight.
Life depends on the kindness of others.
Life depends on the secret of the soul being in the body.
Life depends on water, and Mars once had rivers but is now arid.
Life depends on water.
Life depends on water.
Life depends on weather conditions.
Life depends upon air, water, nourishment and protection.
Life depends upon food.
Life depends upon it.
Life deserves a sanctity.
Life desires sameness, but existence is only difference.
Life desires sameness, but exists only in a world of difference.
Life develops, opportunities arise.
Life devoted to battle is one honored in value.
Life dies again.
Life dies when the body dies, and there is no thought or feeling beyond death.
Life disassembles and loses the whole the heart the soul.
Life discontinues at death.
Life dishes it out and they take it, never complaining.
Life displays different rhythms, or cycles, as expressed in the seasons.
Life does bring hard times, broken times, shattered dreams and hopes.
Life does bring many sad, hurtful events.
Life does change.
Life does get back to normal.
Life does get better.
Life does get out of control at times - that is a given.
Life does get tough.
Life does give back in kind.
Life does go back to normal, whatever normal is.
Life does go on and things do change.
Life does go on and things do get better.
Life does go on under quite different circumstances.
Life does go on.
Life does have meaning and purpose beyond chasing fame and fortune.
Life does imitate art, it seems.
Life does imitate art.
Life does indeed go on.
Life does indeed suck.
Life does move much more quickly here than further west.
Life does perfect double duty as a heartwarmer and a heartbreaker.
Life does seem simpler within a group.
Life does seem to be an arbitrary choice.
Life does seem to hammer some people in merciless ways.
Life does take some unexpected turns.
Life Does The Least.
Life does, indeed, go on.
Life drawing still forms the basis of contemporary art practice in China.
Life draws attention.
Life ebbs away and stillness ensues.
Life either is designed or it results only from chance and necessity.
Life elsewhere is much more probable than previously believed.
Life eludes logic, and everything that logic alone constructs remains artificial and forced.
Life emerges due to the chemical organization of matter into cells.
Life emerges from life.
Life emerges from the glorious combination of molecules.
Life emerges in the sea.
Life encourages life.
Life ends at death.
Life ends in death.
Life ends in the fires of destruction.
Life ends simple enough.
Life ends sometimes.
Life ends with departure of the soul.
Life engenders life.
Life entails bruises.
Life entails interconnections, links, and shared multiples.
Life equals battle.
Life eventually ends, and time continues.
Life everlasting The final threshold for everyone is the threshold of death.
Life everywhere has parents in the form of a life force.
Life everywhere is better with a dose of common sense.
Life everywhere is full of things to love.
Life evolves .
Life evolves around the farm economy, family, church, and school.
Life evolves around the kitchen.
Life evolves in response to interactions between organisms and their environment.
Life evolves in such unexpected ways, it happens.
Life evolves over time.
Life evolves over years.
Life evolves, intelligence evolves, technology matures, and the human race reaches for space.
Life exacts a price as each moment passes by.
Life exists as a network of beings that work together and relate to one another.
Life exists at the expense of the whole.
Life exists because of the exercise of organs.
Life exists everywhere on the surface of the Earth and below.
Life exists from moment to moment.
Life exists in a balance of energy.
Life exists in a snow flake.
Life exists in habitats.
Life exists in our atmosphere.
Life exists in the midst of death.
Life exists in wetland habitats.
Life exists on Earth because of many different factors.
Life exists on other planets.
Life exists only in the vine, and only in the branch so long as it is tied into the vine.
Life exists outside of computers.
Life Exists The argument from life is really a simple one.
Life exists, so it comes from somewhere.
Life expands every day.
Life expands into new territories.
Life expands or contracts depending on one's courage.
Life expands to fill the universe, which is closed.
Life Expect .
Life experiences .
Life experiences For more information on the new standards and deadlines, click here .
Life experiences shape perception.
Life experiences that inspired the country singer.
Life explores every possible path.
Life explores life from the smallest microbes to the human adult.
Life expresses itself in innumerable ways.
Life expresses itself in movement.
Life expresses movement and goal.
Life extends well beyond simply existing.
Life fail about whatever labor that presented pro baseball equipment.
Life falls into a comfortable routine.
Life fears death, but lives only to die.
LIFE feature the occurrence in an unprecedented three-page spread.
Life features international cuisine in a beautifully designed upscale fashion.
Life feeds of news, sports events, and religious activities are also of interest.
Life feeds on itself to survive.
Life feeds on life, be it plant, or animal life.
Life feeds on life.
Life feeds on waste.
Life feels a little simpler, more cohesive, and alive.
Life feels better.
Life feels good again.
Life feels good and it is looking better each day.
Life feels less subject to instant destruction.
Life feels like a cruel joke, without meaning and without goodness.
Life feels like a struggle for survival.
Life feels like drowning in a storm, a lot of the time.
Life feels satisfying.
Life feels scarily stuck.
Life feels so quiet and empty.
Life feels unfair.
Life fills in around the ideology.
Life fills their time, and their ethics begin to change.
Life finds a way.
Life finds purpose - and is expressed in work, play and worship.
Life finishes the way it began.
Life fits water, rather than the reverse.
Life flies supersonic.
Life floods in after the quick flood of water.
Life flourishes because of the ingenuity and adaptability that diversity contributes.
Life flourishes everywhere.
Life flows and changes and nothing stays the same.
Life flows both ways.
Life flows by like a flood.
Life flows deeper than the rising and setting of the sun.
Life flows evenly enough for the sisters' visions, but it's a hard, unrelenting rhythm.
Life flows freely and everything is mindlessly busy.
Life flows from the vine to the family branches.
Life flows into life.
Life flows on ceaselessly.
Life flows on.
Life flows out of life.
Life flows past the three dimensions of the body like radio waves escaping from an electrical wire.
Life flows steadily along.
Life flows through the risk of hanging from the sky by wings, hot air, or a canopy of fabric.
Life flows, eddies for a moment, then flows on.
Life focus on marriage, home and family.
Life focus on marriage, home, children and family.
Life focuses on a second objective.
Life focuses on individuals.
Life follows a certain context in anyone.
Life follows a natural rhythm, it is a delicate balance of powerful forces.
Life follows daily routine.
Life follows patterns.
Life follows routine.
Life follows the rhythm of nature.
Life forever changes among family members and friends in the wake of a death.
Life forgets nothing, discards little.
Life Forms Currently artificial life study is much like entomology.
Life forms illogical patterns.
Life forms in quagma broth.
Life forms on the Antarctic continent are sparse because of the severe climate.
Life forms on the surface like plants and animals are later adaptations.
Life forms placement.
Life forms sense and make changes in the environment.
Life forms that only eat plants or plant-like organisms are called herbivores.
Life forms to be more specific.
Life forms with similar DNA, such that the contactee can breath the same air.
LIFE further enriches the expressiveness of psi-terms with functional dependency constraints.
Life gained in such conditions is miserably delusive.
Life generates methane, ammonia, oxygen, hydrogen, carbon dioxide, and many other gases.
Life genuinely is better and more peaceful.
Life Get the facts about migraine.
Life gets a little more complicated, however, when one mail order bride arrives in town.
Life gets a lot tougher for our central bankers.
Life gets away.
Life gets better and better every day.
Life gets better.
Life gets bettter each day.
Life gets bumpy.
Life gets busier all the time.
Life gets busy.
Life gets cheaper.
Life gets complex as the years go by.
Life gets complicated as personalities begin to collide in the small hamlet.
Life gets complicated.
Life gets curiouser and curiouser.
Life gets different for everybody.
Life gets easier and easier.
Life gets easier.
Life gets extremely lonely here on death row.
Life gets gradually better, but evidently also gradually more complicated.
Life gets hard sometimes.
Life gets hard.
Life gets harder, but the tough and the tender do survive.
Life gets hectic.
Life gets hot at times.
Life gets in the way of writing far far too often.
Life gets in the way sometimes.
Life gets in the way, and all sorts of things.
Life gets in the way.
Life gets interesting.
Life gets little better than that.
Life gets manageable.
Life gets mighty precious when there is less of it to waste.
Life gets miserable and they blame their breath.
Life gets out of whack.
Life gets rather complicated for a general time dependent signal.
Life gets really complicated.
Life gets scarier and more exciting when an outlaw enters the picture.
Life gets serious enough fast enough.
Life gets simpler.
Life gets smarter because the rest the universe sets stupider quicker.
Life gets so crazy sometimes that it's easy to lose our sensitivity.
Life gets speedier and chattier over the next few days.
Life gets stale sometimes.
Life gets to be a bit too much and folks find a way to escape.
Life gets to feeling like a bunch of meaningless atoms.
Life gets tough.
Life gets tougher for people with bad reputations.
Life gives back what it takes.
Life gives each person time and space.
Life gives evidence changes the human race, poor in spirit be brave, have courage.
Life gives possible choices.
Life gives the evidence of itself by growth.
Life gives to all the choice.
Life gives unto life.
Life gives wisdom to few men.
Life gives with one hand and takes with the other.
Life giving sprouts contain live enzymes necessary for the digestive process.
Life goes around in circles.
Life goes at a slower pace here, much like the Mexico of old.
Life goes back to routine.
Life goes better with friends rather than living in isolation.
Life goes beyond and transcends any ideological formulations of human essentials and human life.
Life goes blank.
Life goes by in the blink of an eye.
Life goes by In the blink of an eye.
Life goes by like a speeding train.
Life goes by so quickly now it seems.
Life goes by so quickly.
Life goes by sweetly.
Life goes by too fast anyway.
Life goes by too fast.
Life goes by very fast.
Life goes fast.
Life goes forward day by day.
Life goes forward.
Life goes from a low order to a higher order.
Life goes from a low order, to a higher order.
Life goes from a minor to a major key.
Life goes full circle.
Life goes in a circle.
Life goes in circles.
Life goes in cycles.
Life goes on - long after the thrill of living is gone.
Life goes on . . .
Life Goes On . . .
Life Goes On .
Life goes on across the state.
Life goes on after breast cancer.
Life goes on after cancer.
Life goes on after the death of a spouse, but memories never fade.
Life goes on after winning or losing a ballgame.
Life goes on and everything has a cause.
Life goes on and everything's fine.
Life goes on and is full and rich - it's just different.
Life goes on and life lessons go on.
Life goes on and on and on.
Life goes on and on, but the wonderful memories are forever and ever.
Life goes on and other idols influenced the young singer as well.
Life goes on and past the pain.
Life goes on and people grow and change.
Life goes on and pretty much changes for the better.
Life goes on and still consist of dreams, reality and memories.
Life goes on and technological innovation continues unabated.
Life goes on and the incident becomes a faded memory except for the ache in a mamma s heart.
Life goes on and the kids get older.
Life goes on and the vestiges of the old religion dwindle with each passing day.
Life goes on as before, but with a fundamental difference.
Life goes on as before.
Life goes on as it always had.
Life goes on as it always has.
Life goes on as it has for years and years, but hobbled.
Life goes on as normal.
Life goes on as normally as possible.
Life goes on as perfect as ever.
Life goes on as the seasons change.
Life goes on as usual, with something very special added to the day.
Life goes on as usual.
Life goes on at home.
Life goes on but it also changes.
Life goes on day by day, week by week.
Life goes on even after death.
Life goes on even after high school.
Life goes on exactly the same as before.
Life Goes On' fan club.
Life goes on for all the unsuccessful candidates.
Life goes on for everyone else.
Life goes on for everyone.
Life goes on for the only low-revenue team in the division.
Life goes on for the professor, and new things come to life for Venus.
Life Goes On For women facing gynecological cancer.
Life goes on here as normal.
Life goes on here in spite of the hysteria.
Life goes on here in the diner.
Life goes on here the way it has for centuries.
Life goes on here unhurriedly.
Life goes on here, too.
Life goes on homie, gone on, 'cause they passed away.
Life goes on immediately after a fire.
Life goes on in Israel.
Life goes on in Jerusalem.
Life goes on in many entangling circles.
Life goes on in spite of the disease.
Life goes on in the city of lights.
Life goes on in the creeping worms but there is great difference of payment of life.
Life goes on in the dark.
Life goes on in the dizzy world of politics.
Life goes on in the hamlet.
Life goes on in the same recurring circle.
Life goes on in the war zones.
Life goes on in the world of television, however.
Life goes on long after the trill of living has long gone.
Life Goes On Maine moments, et.
Life goes on nevertheless.
Life goes on no matter what.
Life goes on normally.
Life goes on or into reruns.
Life goes on over the veil.
Life goes on pretty much unimpeded.
Life goes on regardleess of what a tiny man thinks.
Life goes on smoothly butnot excitedly.
Life goes on sweetly and magically.
Life goes on then, as it does in the present, a cycle of seasons and the sun.
Life goes on to a new venue.
Life goes on until death.
Life goes on well beyond the negotiation of that package.
Life goes on where there is no killing, and no pollution.
Life goes on with or without hurricanes and snow.
Life goes on with surprisingly little disruption.
Life goes on, after all.
Life goes on, and after most losses it can go on quite successfully.
Life goes on, and an old web page is just there for historical purposes.
Life goes on, and both shows offer portraits of human resilience and perseverance.
Life goes on, and everything happens for a reason.
Life goes on, and it is never possible to know absolutely everything before acting.
Life goes on, and it's full of surprises.
Life goes on, and it's hard.
Life goes on, and locals remain active in their sporting activities.
Life Goes On, and more.
Life goes on, and so did the annual celebration.
Life goes on, and so do careers.
Life goes on, and so does running.
Life goes on, and so does the barrage.
Life goes on, and that's what happened.
Life goes on, and the past is out of reach.
Life goes on, and there are other places and opportunities to explore.
Life goes on, and tomorrow is another day.
Life goes on, apparently.
Life goes on, as always.
Life goes on, as it usually does.
Life goes on, as they say.
Life goes on, but it sure is interesting to remember when.
Life goes on, but never forward.
Life goes on, but the questions linger.
Life goes on, change is inevitable.
Life goes on, even after death.
Life goes on, even after the thrill of living is gone.
Life goes on, even Jewish life.
Life goes on, even without eyes.
Life goes on, it is as changeable as the weather.
Life goes on, it's no use crying over spilt milk.
Life goes on, it's time to move on.
Life goes on, joys and sorrows ensue, but there is a constant, and that is the music.
Life goes on, like everyone else is bound to say.
Life goes on, now.
Life goes on, obladeeoblada.
Life goes on, of course, and the boys grow up minus one part of the threesome.
Life goes on, of course, and the boys grow up without their childhood friend.
Life goes on, one precious day at a time.
Life goes on, regardless.
Life goes on, self-reflection and soul searching become a regular routine.
Life goes on, sort of.
Life goes on, though different.
Life goes on, though.
Life goes on, unless the colony gets too big.
Life goes on, with a yawn, and an apathetic shrug.
Life goes on, without looking back.
Life goes on. . .
Life Goes On'.
Life goes on.
Life Goes On.
Life goes one.
Life goes out of the present, drained away 'across' time.
Life goes through twists And turns in and out Of rocks and stumps.
Life goes to death.
Life goes up and down like a thread of dripping wax.
Life grabs opportunities.
Life grades hard. . .
Life gradually slows along the lower Penobscot Valley.
Life grants nothing to mortals without hard work.
Life grows dark, and the way ahead is uncertain.
Life grows for all, on both extreme, But equally in a balance scheme.
Life grows rich, Life grows proud.
Life grows upwards.
Life grows, develops, reproduces.
Life guarding experience is highly recommended.
Life guards on duty in Season.
Life handset and listen for dial tone.
Life hangs by a thread here.
Life hangs on a tether stretching to the surface, the thin line carrying air.
Life hangs on a very delicate thread.
Life happens all too quickly, sometimes.
Life happens and plans change.
Life happens better with a plan.
Life happens here.
Life happens in a framework of history, institutions, public space and cultural events.
Life happens in so many completely different ways.
Life happens in the grocery aisles or even in a noisy room filled with singing plastic gorillas.
Life happens in the middle of the day and at the end of the day.
Life happens in the spaces between their birth dates, marriage dates and death dates.
Life happens largely with environments that life has produced or modified.
Life happens on the net.
Life happens right there on the streets.
Life happens sometimes despite our best intentions.
Life happens to everyone.
Life happens to the wall.
Life happens, and it is infinitely inventive.
Life happens, and sometimes life gets in the way.
Life happens, in dribs and drabs, on their news magazines.
Life happens, It's nothing personal.
Life happens, live it.
Life happens, stuff happens, shift happens.
Life happens, they try to make sense of it.
Life harmonously develops there.
Life has a bad habit of getting in the way.
Life has a beginning and a end.
Life has a cadence, a patter or rhythm.
Life has a causality problem.
Life has a certain beauty here on the edge.
Life has a certain fail-safe measure.
Life has a completely different flavour.
Life has a deeper meaning and purpose beyond materialism.
Life has a design.
Life has a destination and goals, things to be accomplished, growth to be achieved.
Life has a different flavor here.
Life has a different rhythm, north to south and east to west.
Life has a festive dimension and is celebrated in adequate rites.
Life has a funny way of bringing things back around.
Life has a funny way with dealing a person lemons at times and at other times lemonade.
Life has a genetic program.
Life has a great deal to offer.
Life has a highly ordered structure.
Life has a history of change through time.
Life has a hollow soul, brittle as a rotten stick.
Life has a lot of undocumented features.
Life has a lot to give and it's worth fighting for.
Life has a lot to offer.
Life has a manic edge, given over to perhaps being better than it is.
Life has a music score.
Life has a new meaning.
Life has a physical basis.
Life has a purpose and meaning to every individual.
Life has a real direction and purpose.
Life has a reason and a purpose.
Life has a secret codicil.
Life has a soundtrack . . .
Life has a strange way of testifying to the truth of Scripture.
Life has a tenuous hold on Antarctica.
Life has a thousand meanings.
Life has a very, very long story.
Life has a vicious stinger.
Life has a way of balancing out.
Life has a way of balancing things out.
Life has a way of becoming filled with mistakes, heartaches, and grief.
Life has a way of bringing it into our lives at some point or other.
Life has a way of bringing people together.
Life has a way of changing our plans.
Life has a way of changing our theology.
Life has a way of cutting and hurting and sometimes scars are left.
Life has a way of deviating from even the best-laid plans.
Life has a way of doing that to families.
Life has a way of doing that.
Life has a way of hardening our hearts.
Life has a way of intervening, however, in even the most careful plans.
Life has a way of managing things in favour of more life.
Life has a way of putting things to the test.
Life has a way of shrinking our treasures and clouding our thoughts.
Life has a way of sidetracking even the best of intentions.
Life has a way of turning sweet or sour in a heartbeat, so to speak.
Life has a way of twisting, shifting altering even the most well formed plans.
Life has a way of unfolding in ways that are entirely unpredictable from today's point of view.
Life has a way of unveiling itself.
Life has a way of working out.
Life has ability.
Life has affects.
Life has an edgy, unpredictable feel.
Life has an inbred rhythm to it and eccentricity spreads like moss over trees.
Life has an open door policy.
Life has another.
Life has awkward moments and interesting times.
Life has beauty.
Life has become much harder-there is no social security.
Life has becomes very busy, but full of joy.
Life has billions of years in evolution.
Life has characteristics.
Life has choices and death is sometimes the result of intolerable pain.
Life has choices beyond mere survival.
Life has cost.
Life has designs.
Life has different care requirements.
Life has different laws in here.
Life has different requirements.
Life has dignity.
Life has effects.
Life has enough hurts and disappointments without staying around for unnecessary and unhealthy ones.
Life has enough re- sponsibilities.
Life has enough ups and downs.
Life has exceptional, long range missile troops and very weak melee troops.
Life has importance.
Life has inevitable costs associated with it.
Life has inherent dignity.
Life has innumerable distractions in it.
Life has interest.
Life has irony, dear readers.
Life has it s trials.
Life has it' s up and downs.
Life has it's ups and downs, Somewhat like a roller coaster.
Life has it's way of leaving it's mark.
Life has joy and pain, satisfaction and discontent.
Life has just two regular season games remaining on their schedule.
Life has little value, particularly when it comes to the unborn and the elderly.
Life has lots of disrupting sounds.
Life has many changes, cycles, faces and lessons.
Life has many choices.
Life has many commitments and time is precious.
Life has many events, stages and changes.
Life has many facets.
Life has many frustrations and it is normal to become angry once in awhile.
Life has many mysteries.
Life has many questions.
Life has many roads.
Life has many simple solutions.
Life has many slow downs and blind corners.
Life has many solutions.
Life has many storms in it.
Life has many surprises.
Life has many twists and challenges.
Life has many twists and turns, and they all require energy to negotiate.
Life has many twists and turns.
Life has many unexpected twists and turns.
Life has meaning again.
Life has meaning and significance.
Life has meaning and spiritual practice is a communion with life in the moment of living.
Life has meaning and the universe is rational.
Life has meaning both here and beyond the grave.
Life has meaning once more.
Life has meaning under all circumstances, even miserable ones.
Life has meaning with a purpose.
Life has meaning, fulfillment and purpose in relationship.
Life has meaning, purpose and reward.
Life has meaning.
Life has more to offer than that.
Life has neither rewards nor punishments, simply consequences.
Life has neither weight nor dimensions but it does have force.
Life has new prospects.
Life has no absolute meaning.
Life has no death.
Life has no endings, Only dissipations.
Life has no future.
Life has no goal.
Life has no grand production endings.
Life has no guarantees.
Life has no inherent value.
Life has no intrinsic meaning.
Life has no known purpose.
Life has no longer a built-in principle of harmony.
Life has no meaning again.
Life has no meaning and death has no threat.
Life has no meaning except in terms of responsibility.
Life has no meaning without .
Life has no meaning.
Life has no objective or absolute meaning.
Life has no point.
Life has no precise beginning, but gains in importance during human development.
Life has no problems, only opportunities.
Life has no purpose.
Life has no rehearsals, only performances.
Life has no sense of disappointment whatsoever.
Life has no singular meaning.
Life has no tragedies.
Life has no ultimate goal.
Life has no ultimate meaning.
Life has no value in itself.
Life has no value.
Life has nothing to do with it.
Life has obstacles.
Life has offspring.
Life has optimal ranges.
Life has optimal temperature ranges.
Life has origins.
Life has overall patterns, but it is also inherently ambiguous.
Life has pain, strife, grief, and difficulties.
Life has phases.
Life has pressure.
Life has properties that clearly distinguish it from everything else.
Life has purpose and meaning that lasts beyond our physical existence.
Life has purpose.
Life has quality.
Life has ranges.
Life has requirements.
Life has rewards.
Life has richness, texture and excitement.
Life has risks.
Life has rough edges.
Life has rules too.
Life has rules.
Life has schedules.
Life has six syllables.
Life has so many extraordinary aspects.
Life has so many options, so many paths to consider.
Life has so many ups and downs But start reaqding that Old Black Book, And love the way it sounds.
Life has so much to offer and so much to experience.
Life has so much to offer.
Life has spiritual purposes.
Life has stories.
Life has strange twists and turns.
Life has success.
Life has sweetness, but it also can be sour.
Life has taught a lesson, that reality is an illusion, and that the only certainty is uncertainty.
Life has temperature ranges.
Life has the power of manipulating the emotions.
Life has the same right to decay, as it has to wax strong.
Life has the world's largest school of chiropractic.
Life has to be active to be worthwhile and meaningful.
Life has to be fun.
Life has to be given a meaning because of the obvious fact that it has no meaning.
Life has to be induced into the spoken word.
Life has to be intentional.
Life has to be lived with or without immediate success.
Life has to be protected from huge temperature variations, airlessness, and radiation.
Life has to do with strength, perseverance, and the ability to give and receive a helping hand.
Life has to evolve.
Life has to extinguish sooner or later and the claim in respect of life is certain.
Life has to go on. . . .
Life has to go on.
Life has to have value.
Life has to improve.
Life has to struggle so much harder to survive.
Life has tolerance ranges.
Life has too many losses.
Life has too many movmeents to be quieted by cold and wind and supposed absence of color.
Life has two very good areas on their web site worth taking a look at.
Life has unfathomable secrets.
Life has ups and downs.
Life has value in itself.
Life has value simply because it's life.
Life has value.
Life has values.
Life has very few guarantees, but the REAP program is special.
Life has whatever meaning everybody assigns to it.
Life have it .
Life here can at times be complicated and frustrating.
Life here can be a difficult adjustment for some families.
Life here can be about many things.
Life here can be both sophisticated and friendly, lively and tranquil.
Life here can be quiet or bustling, serene or activity-filled.
Life here can be very draining sometimes.
Life here centers around school and church, and there s more time for hobbies.
Life here endures some of the greatest extremes in light and temperature known to our planet.
Life here expresses itself merely as the insistent effort to make inorganic matter alive.
Life here follows ancient patterns, since few rural communities have running water or electricity.
Life here gets to be too much sometimes.
Life here goes far beyond the classroom.
Life here goes on as usual.
Life here has a way of moving along untouched by ballot initiatives and political promises.
Life here has no future.
Life here has so much to offer.
Life here is a chore.
Life here is a little slower than the big city and a lot less stressful.
Life here is a little slower, a little more peaceful.
Life here is a little slower, a lot cleaner and whole lot friendlier.
Life here is a never ending happening.
Life here is a puzzling mix of chaos and laid-back lifestyle.
Life here is a vehicle to the hereafter.
Life here is a very fast paced one and keeping up is exhausting.
Life here is abundant and diverse.
Life here is also pretty nice without drugs.
Life here is always an adventure.
Life here is always noisy, always expensive and occasionally quite jarring.
Life here is beautiful and most importantly, calm.
Life here is behind the times and slow pace.
Life here is better than ever.
Life here is bright, open and active.
Life here is casual everywhere.
Life here is casual, relaxing, blissful.
Life here is centered around lake activities and golf courses .
Life here is close to nature and lived in conjunction with the land and the sea.
Life here is community.
Life here is convenient and interesting with a great variety of world-class services.
Life here is desolate.
Life here is different.
Life here IS different.
Life here is difficult for most people, and needs abound.
Life here is difficult, but important.
Life here is diverse, with a variety of troglobites, troglophiles, and trogloxenes.
Life here is eventful, to say the least.
Life here is far different than that of the city.
Life here is far from the hustle and bustle associated with places such as Tokyo and New York City.
Life here is full of complexities, challenges, laughter and joy.
Life here is fun.
Life here is good and pure.
Life here is good.
Life here is grand.
Life here is harsh.
Life here is hectic.
Life here is jest a mite more complicated than that.
Life here is just temporary.
Life here is lived by the post-communist equation that money dishonestly acquired equals power.
Life here is lived in high style and with a zest.
Life here is more laid-back and slower paced.
Life here is only a preparation for the next one.
Life here is peaceful and relaxing in an extraordinary island setting.
Life here is peaceful and safe.
Life here is pretty grand.
Life here is pretty much the same.
Life here is pretty wonderful.
Life here is quiet and deserted.
Life here is quite differentfrom the big city.
Life here is real and genuine.
Life here is rich in tradition, and appreciation for the Earth.
Life here is short and eternity is forever.
Life here is short, and our preparation for eternity is the real business of our lives.
Life here is simple, picturesque.
Life here is simple.
Life here is simply perfection.
Life here is slow and relaxed.
Life here is so clearly about teamwork, and cooperation.
Life here is so difficult that the people in the streets see all tourists as walking banks.
Life here is so full of meaning.
Life here is so short, the dangers so real, the issues so immense.
Life here is sometimes 'different'.
Life here is tough and demanding, but it's also fun .
Life here is tough and demanding, but it's also fun.
Life here is tough.
Life here is truly a solitary experience.
Life here is truly beautiful.
Life here is understood as nature.
Life here is very comfortable.
Life here is very different from in the old part of town, the medina.
Life here is very good.
Life here is very healthy.
Life here is very informal and relaxed.
Life here is very labor intensive.
Life here is very materialistic and the spiritual side of it is lost.
Life here is very, very good.
Life here looks strange to outside creatures - colorless and anemic.
Life here means inundation with sex on a daily basis, culturally and visually.
Life here moves at a gentle pace, far from the mad rush of the cities.
Life here moves at a leisurely pace, revolving around farming and fishing.
Life here moves at a leisurely pace, revolving mostly around farming and fishing.
Life here oscillates between the banal and the bizarre.
Life here revolves around the church and family.
Life here seems a long way from the fast-food bars, banks and trade stores of Honiara.
Life here seems smothered, flattened.
Life here seems to be divided by colors, of the face and of the party.
Life hides everything from people.
Life hits the bottom.
Life holds a simple peace and a mighty power.
Life holds a wide variety of experiences.
Life holds arbitrary suffering.
Life holds few guarantees.
Life holds little hope for quality of life.
Life holds many such paradoxes.
Life holds no guarantees.
Life holds no promise - it seems as if there is nothing more.
Life holds no surprises.
Life holds nothing but pain and death.
Life holds seasons for good and for difficult times.
Life holds so many facets.
Life holds so many priceless things.
Life holds the ever-present threat of numbing want.
Life holds to no string.
Life hurts so much.
Life hurts too much to keep going on.
Life hurts, leaves scars, and in general can be rather unpleasant.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
Life imitates art imitates life imitiates real world gossip imitates online gossip.
Life imitates art in Web confession sites .
Life imitates art, after all.
Life imitates art, and television has become life.
Life imitates art, once again.
Life imitates art, or at least movies.
Life imitates art, rather than the other way around.
Life imitates art, sometimes quite badly.
Life imitates art.
Life imitates farce.
Life imitates fiction.
Life imitates food.
Life imitates high school.
Life imitates Monopoly.
Life imitates movies, and movies themselves imitate other movies.
Life immitates art.
Life implies the rearrangement of energy, material or information.
Life improves but by slow degrees, and much in every place is yet to do.
Life improves dramatically on the days when the dosage feels right.
Life improves slowly and goes wrong fast, and only catastrophe is clearly visible.
Life improves without religion.
Life includes the opposites in a creative, vital and life-giving tension.
Life includes unfairness and injustice.
Life increases as entropy increases.
Life increasingly is an unrelenting rush of activity and chores, appointments and commitments.
Life indeed can arise elsewhere.
Life indeed goes on.
Life indicates the time until the particles disappear.
Life inevitably entails threats, after all, no matter how comfortable one's circumstances.
Life inevitably goes on beneath the surface of the Deep Ocean.
Life influences art which influences life.
Life influences the earth's life-sustaining processes.
Life inherently carries risk.
Life inheres in and is transmitted by the psychical rather than the physical nature.
Life inside can be hard, but most of all it is just extremely boring and isolating.
Life inside means a life completely controlled.
Life inspires art.
Life intimidates art.
Life involves a level of risk.
Life involves a tension.
Life involves being falsely accused.
Life involves both goals and maintenance.
Life involves both risk and opportunity.
Life involves disappointment and loss and rejection and aging and sickness and ultimately death.
Life involves failure.
Life involves give and take.
Life involves growth and making choices.
Life involves growth.
Life involves integrated functioning of the whole organism.
Life involves primarily organic molecules that are based on carbon.
Life involves the most complex chemistry known to man.
Life involves the pursuit of values that are BOTH physical and spiritual in one way or another.
Life is . . .
Life Is . . .
Life Is .
Life IS .
Life is a backwards meal.
Life is a bad teacher to fools.
Life is a balance between family and work but family needs to come first.
Life is a balance between holding on and letting go.
Life is a balance, and our choice is part of that balance.
Life is a balance.
Life is a balancing act, requiring self restraint.
Life is a balancing act.
Life is a banquet and most poor fools are starving to death.
Life is a banquet and most poor suckers are starving to death.
Life is a banquet and most suckers are starving to death.
Life is a banquet, and most poor fools are starving to death.
Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death.
Life is a banquet, but most people are starving to death.
Life is a banquet.
Life is a basic element in the development of the universe.
Life is a basic human good, along with other basic human goods.
Life is a battle.
Life Is a Beach .
Life is a beach.
Life is a beautiful thing.
Life is a beautiful, beautiful drama, a beautiful dance.
Life is a beauty - praise it.
Life is a beauty that lies in the eyes of the beholder.
Life is a beauty, admire it.
Life is a bed of thorns and roses.
Life is a beta test.
Life is a big bowl of rice.
Life is a big dream.
Life is a big game, a big challenge.
Life is a big loop.
Life is a big meaningless bowl of spit.
Life is a big sea full of many fish.
Life is a big surprise.
Life is a big unknown trip and our heart is the map.
Life is a big, black, sucking hole of disappointment.
Life is a bit busier, too.
Life is a bit clearer.
Life is a bit dicey being behind such a vehicle.
Life is a bit like a game show.
Life is a bit more comfortable that during the critical moments of that time.
Life is a bit more complicated than that.
Life is a bit risky, however.
Life is a bit simpler, making more time to enjoy the finer points in life.
Life is a bit slower and people tend to be a bit friendlier.
Life is a bitch.
Life is a blast.
Life is a blend of play and exploration.
Life Is a Blessing .
Life is a blessing.
Life is a bore and often seems cruel.
Life is a boring progression of time, punctuated by periods of sheer terror.
Life is a bounty.
Life is a bowl of cherries and more is never enough for Jupiter.
Life is a bowl of cherries.
Life is a bowl of spaghetti . . .
Life is a bowl of spaghetti O's.
Life is a bowl of water.
Life is a box of chocolates.
Life is a box of compromises.
Life is a breeze.
Life is a bridge, from birth to death.
Life is a bridge.
Life is a brief and hurtling day, Pain and striving fill every page.
Life is a brief appearance.
Life is a bright and colorful experience.
Life is a Bubble.
Life is a building block of events, some of which certainly are wonderful.
Life is a bunch of opinions and everyone has a right to their own.
Life is a burning bush, consuming itself as it happens.
Life is a bust.
Life is a busy sport.
Life is a busy thing.
Life is a cabaret . . .
Life is a cabaret after all, ol' chum.
Life is a cabaret old chum, come to the cabaret.
Life is a cabaret, old chum, come to the cabaret.
Life is a cabaret, old chum.
Life is a cabaret.
Life is a cafeteria.
Life is a candle in the wind.
Life is a candle, a light of learning.
Life is a carnival and love is a ride.
Life is a cartoon.
Life is a ceaseless fight.
Life is a celebration of diversity.
Life is a celebration of passionate colors.
Life is a celebration.
Life is a celebrations of passionate colors.
Life is a cereal.
Life is a chain of birth and death Life is understood as a chain of birth and death.
Life is a chain.
Life is a chair of bowlies.
Life is a challenge - meet it.
Life is a challenge but is worth living today.
Life is a challenge for all.
Life is a challenge for everyone.
Life is a challenge to become better.
Life is a challenge, meet it.
Life is a challenge.
Life is a change.
Life is a chaotic system.
Life is a cherished gift.
Life is a chewed up pacifier.
Life is a choice because faith is a choice.
Life is a choice between a Vichy existence or a Warsaw ghetto uprising.
Life is a choice.
Life is a chore.
Life is a chronological succesion of moments.
Life is a cinch by the inch, but hard by the yard.
Life is a circle consisting of our physical, emotional, and spiritual selves.
Life is a circle, society is a square.
Life is a circle.
Life is a circus of color, sounds and actions that amaze the eye.
Life is a classroom where important lessons are taught daily.
Life is a clean slate.
Life is a clear, radiant endless mirror.
Life is a closed corporation.
Life is a coin.
Life is a colored kaleidoscope.
Life is a combination of body,sense organs, mind and soul.
Life is a combination of pain and pleasure.
Life is a commodity too many take for granted until they are stricken with a deadly affliction.
Life is a competition.
Life is a completely different pace from the rush of the city.
Life is a complex series of ups and downs and, as a result, is hard as hell.
Life is a complex system composed of organic molecules.
Life is a complex system, in the dictionary sense of the words.
Life is a complexity level of processes, bound to complexities of diverse structural development.
Life is a complicated endeavor but always a joy to experience.
Life is a compromise .
Life is a compromise anyway.
Life is a compromise.
Life is a computer program.
Life is a condition of jouissance .
Life is a configuration of choices.
Life is a conflict of interest.
Life is a consequence of the nature of matter subject to the properties of space and time.
Life is a consequence.
Life is a constant adventure.
Life is a constant battle involving frustration, mishaps, and episodes of upset.
Life is a constant challenge, and so is Louisiana.
Life is a constant change and it is so short.
Life is a constant cycle of building up for something, enjoying it, then rebuilding.
Life is a constant effort to restore an unstable equilibrium.
Life is a constant exchange.
Life is a constant gamble.
Life is a constant learning experience.
Life is a constant learning process.
Life is a constant process of relating.
Life is a constant roller coaster of happiness, sorrow, good times, and bad times.
Life is a constant roller coaster.
Life is a constant series of challenges and trails.
Life is a constant set of adjustments.
Life is a constant struggle of conflict resolution and a search for truth.
Life is a constant struggle to better one s situation and abilities.
Life is a constant struggle to breathe and to keep lunch infections and digestive problems at bay.
Life is a constant struggle.
Life is a constant transformational process and change is the only constant.
Life is a constant whirlwind of how a person acts around people, first impressions, appearance, etc.
Life is a contact sport.
Life is a contest to preserve independence and avoid failure.
Life is a continual and continuous responding to stimulation.
Life is a continual attaching and detaching process.
Life is a continual learning experience, and so it is with gardening.
Life is a continual pregnancy, and death is like birth.
Life is a continual process of exploration, learning, and sharing.
Life is a continual process of growth.
Life is a continual process to which there are no shortcuts.
Life is a continual receiving and sharing of gifts.
Life is a continual story of shattered dreams.
Life is a continual struggle to keep the emotions under control.
Life is a continuous cycle of use and renewal-a completing of the circle.
Life is a continuous enrichment of existence through the overcoming of all obstacles to life.
Life is a continuous escape.
Life is a continuous exercise in creative problem solving.
Life is a continuous expedition.
Life is a continuous growth process.
Life is a continuous journey of growth and self-exploration.
Life is a continuous learning experience.
Life is a continuous learning process.
Life is a continuous series of experiments.
Life is a continuous stream.
Life is a continuum of creativity and choice.
Life is a continuum of form and function.
Life is a continuum.
Life is a cool thing.
Life is a copycat and can be bullied into following the master artist who bids it to come to heel.
Life is a cosmic imperative.
Life is a crap shoot.
Life is a crapshoot.
Life is a creative and cocreative adventure.
Life is a creative effort.
Life is a creative process.
Life is a creative, magical journey.
Life is a creative, spiritual and humorous adventure.
Life is a crime.
Life is a crooked road, with many detours, optional turns and divided directions that one can take.
Life is a cruel taskmaster and sex and intimacy get postponed.
Life is a cumulative effect of one's choices.
Life is a curtain which swings with the blow of experiences, then folds up one day.
Life is a custom job.
Life is a cycle - heros come and go.
Life is a cycle inside a larger cycle and so on.
Life is a cycle of birth, death, and re-birth.
Life is a cycle of brilliance and blues, with stretches of the blahs in between.
Life is a cycle of effort and rest.
Life is a Cycle of learning and growth.
Life is a cycle of suffering and rebirth kept active by actions or karma.
Life is a cycle.
Life is a cyclical process.
Life is a daily struggle, and survival takes precedence over other things.
Life is a dance and love is the music.
Life is a dance that dips and swirls.
Life is a dance where few people move in time.
Life is a dance, to be experienced now.
Life is a dance.
Life is a dancing display of all the literaure ever written.
Life is a daring adventure or nothing.
Life is a daring adventure, or nothing.
Life is a dark void.
Life is a dashing and bold adventure.
Life is a dashing, bold adventure.
Life is a day at the beach.
Life is a dazzling gift.
Life is a delicate balance.
Life is a desperate struggle, a fight.
Life is a developer of leaders.
Life is a dialogue.
Life is a different color today.
Life is a different thing.
Life is a difficult journey under the best of circumstances.
Life is a difficult voyage.
Life is a dirty deed and biting back is their only true recourse.
Life is a discipline. .
Life is a disease - sexually transmitted and always fatal.
Life is a disease, sexually transmitted and always fatal.
Life is a disease, sexually transmitted and invariably fatal.
Life is a distributed object system.
Life is a divine gift.
Life is a dog walk.
Life is a dove- white and clear, peaceful and sacred.
Life is a downward spiral in the addictive process.
Life is a drama when one moves beyond mere religious allegiances.
Life is a drama, ambiguous and uncertain.
Life is a dream - realize it.
Life is a dream a little less inconsistent.
Life is a dream come true.
Life is a dream- perhaps keeping one's own soul pure is the most to hope to accomplish.
Life is a dream to be lived - with or without symbols.
Life is a dream walking death is a going home.
Life is a dream when so portrayed.
Life is a dream, at least in recollection.
Life is a dream, realise it.
Life is a dream, realize it.
Life is a dream.
Life is a drug.
Life is a duty - perform it.
Life is a duty, complete it.
Life is a dynamic force.
Life is a every day battle and many times it takes the help of many folks to receive results.
Life is a exciting journey.
Life is a fabric.
Life is a fantasy hidden inside tucked away safely far from the tide.
Life is a fantasy.
Life is a farce, a counterfeit.
Life is a farce.
Life is a fascinating adventure.
Life is a fascinatingly complex good that requires no further justification.
Life is a fast-paced process.
Life is a fatal adventure.
Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one.
Life is a feast, yet millions of people are starved for spiritual nourishment .
Life is a festival only to the wise.
Life is a fickle affair.
Life is a fight between sources of evil and pure love.
Life is a fight.
Life is a fine red wine by prof.
Life is a finite set.
Life is a fleeting dream - here today and gone tomorrow.
Life is a fleeting opportunity.
Life is a fling, a large fling.
Life is a flow.
Life is a flower of which love is the honey.
Life is a flowing cycle that continues forever, creating and destroying.
Life is a food for a soul.
Life is a forest to be explored.
Life is a forty-year vacation before the Information arrives.
Life is a foul-smelling drink best served with spite.
Life is a four letter word.
Life is a fragile thing.
Life is a freak.
Life is a fridge that's absolutely jammed packed with great things.
Life is a full time job.
Life is a full-contact sport.
Life is a full-time adventure.
Life is a fun toy here.
Life is a function of x.
Life is a funny thing.
Life is a gamble at terrible odds.
Life is a gamble that way.
Life is a gamble.
Life is a game - play it.
Life is a game and, like all games, it has rules.
Life is a game of cards.
Life is a game of chance.
Life is a game of trial and error which all evolves into experience.
Life is a game of whist.
Life is a game that needs to be experienced.
Life is a game that one plays according to the rules.
Life is a game with many rules but no referee.
Life is a game, and it requires one to take the risk.
Life is a game, and work is a game.
Life is a game, boy.
Life is a game, play it. .
Life is a game, play it.
Life is a game.
Life is a garden, a summer day, a fragile butterfly. . . .
Life is a garden.
Life is a gift - accept it.
Life is a gift - holy, a blessing.
Life is a gift and age is a privilege.
Life is a gift and our natural response is gratitude.
Life is a gift and so are our relationships with others.
Life is a gift but happiness is a choice.
Life is a gift from mother to child.
Life is a gift live it with gratitude.
Life is a gift that can be taken in a moment.
Life is a gift which comes wrapped in the promise of death.
Life is a gift, and can be taken away at any time.
Life is a gift, as sweet as the freshest peach, as precious as a gilded jewel.
Life is a gift, life is happiness, every minute can be an eternity of happiness.
Life is a gift, more precious than anything.
Life is a gift, that's why it is called the present.
Life is a gift, to others, whose meaning is found beyond the self, and externally.
Life is a gift.
Life is a glass which reflects what is given.
Life is a goal - achieve it.
Life is a goal achieve.
Life is a good thing.
Life is a gooeyness whose bearings on literature have been the occasion for perennial pondering.
Life is a gradual process of discovering one's mortality.
Life is a grand partnership with all aspects working together to keep up the flow of things.
Life is a great adventure.
Life is a great and wondrous gift.
Life is a great blessing.
Life is a great challenge.
Life is a great combination of disappointment, success, love, etc.
Life is a great experience, or, better, a great, endless, succession of experiences.
Life is a great struggle.
Life is a great surprise.
Life is a great teacher.
Life is a great thing to enjoy.
Life is a great, mysterious gift.
Life is a grindstone.
Life is a guess, the ego an approximation, the rest is in our minds.
Life is a guessing game.
Life is a hallucination.
Life is a hard thing to reason.
Life is a heap of insignificant and ironical ruins.
Life is a hereditary disease.
Life is a high wire balancing act.
Life is a Highway .
Life is a highway and the soul's just a car.
Life is a Highway.
Life is a holistic experience.
Life is a holy mission.
Life is a horizontal fall.
Life is a horrifying thing, therefore, choose to live and learn the horror that is life.
Life is a horror and great darkness.
Life is a house of cards.
Life is a huge horizon of opportunity and that energizes the heck out of people.
Life is a hunt.
Life is a jam session.
Life is a jest, and all things show it.
Life is a job in itself.
Life is a joke that's just begun.
Life is a joke to be laughed at.
Life is a joke.
Life is a journey - complete it.
Life is a journey and a gift.
Life is a journey and each day is a very important step on our personal journey.
Life is a journey and engineers are the drivers.
Life is a journey and every person chooses a unique path.
Life is a journey and has intrinsic merit if lived with a zest for life, love, and learning.
Life is a journey and it is a search.
Life is a journey and it s a process.
Life is a journey and our jobs and careers often demand further education.
Life is a journey and our problems are carried in our suitcases.
Life is a journey filled with great change.
Life is a journey for which there are many ups and many downs.
Life is a journey from birth to death.
Life is a journey made up of many choices.
Life is a journey of learning and growth, and everything happens for a reason.
Life is a journey of limiting experiences .
Life is a journey on an ever changing river.
Life is a journey on an individual basis.
Life is a journey that can dead end at any time, so live it right the first time.
Life is a journey that no one makes alone.
Life is a journey that only gets better.
Life is a journey they say, and settling down is just one part of it, but one of the most important.
Life is a journey through time, filled with many choices.
Life is a journey to nowhere.
Life is a journey whose destination is unknown.
Life is a journey with a stopping point, and that stopping point is death's departure point.
Life is a journey with obstacles due to human weakness.
Life is a journey, a lesson, a growth hacker.
Life is a journey, a sojourn.
Life is a journey, and has intrinsic merit if lived with a zest for life, love and learning.
Life is a journey, and love is what makes that journey worthwhile.
Life is a journey, and so is management.
Life is a journey, and the quest for success can be long, multigenerational one.
Life is a journey, enjoy the ride.
Life is a journey, so pack for it well.
Life is a journey, the road map is vast.
Life is a journey, with detours ahead.
Life is a journey.
Life is a Journey.
Life is a joy and filled with love.
Life is a joy to behold, live it, love it, share it.
Life is a joy, and great things happen.
Life is a joy.
Life is a juggling act.
Life is a jumble.
Life is a jungle out there, the conservatives say.
Life is a kind of battlefield.
Life is a kind of rust on the earth s surface.
Life is a laboratory to the inquiring Aquarius mind.
Life is a learning experience and having children is the biggest experience of all.
Life is a learning experience, and mistakes are the most effective teachers.
Life is a learning experience.
Life is a learning portfolio.
Life is a learning process, which changes our personality, too.
Life is a learning process.
Life is a lecture-be prepared to take notes.
Life is a leraning experience, yes.
Life is a lesson in humility.
Life is a lesson, precise, short and tempting.
Life is a lesson.
Life is a libertarian tenet.
Life is a library owned by an author.
Life is a lie.
Life is a lifelong journey.
Life is a light show at one moment and an intense, often mystic, inner experience the next.
Life is a limited commodity, treasure it.
Life is a little better.
Life is a little different here than in the elementary classes.
Life is a little different with foreign families, so be good natured about accepting their rules.
Life is a little electrical current, kept up by the sun.
Life is a little messy.
Life is a little more complicated than a computer.
Life is a little more complicated with a baby.
Life is a little self-centred but equally socialistic.
Life is a little slower in Wedgwood.
Life is a little slower, more gratifying.
Life is a little too bright, too loud, too hot.
Life is a little while.
Life is a little work, a little sleep, a little love and it is all over.
Life is a lively process of becoming.
Life is a living organism.
Life is a local complex perturbation.
Life is a long and winding road.
Life is a long battle.
Life is a long chain of which the recurring births, planetary lives and deaths are links.
Life is a long headache in a noisy street.
Life is a long journey made up of many experiences.
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Life is a long line of opportunities.
Life is a long long march.
Life is a long road that has many turns.
Life is a long road with many turns.
Life is a long road, with many twists and turns.
Life is a long to do list.
Life is a long, slow process.
Life is a long-time if only for a second, it is never ever forever, it is never ever enough.
Life is a lot easier equatorially, especially with a small scope.
Life is a lot easier if the news is no longer fresh.
Life is a lot happier and easier now.
Life is a lot like a freak show, 'cause nobody laughs when they leave.
Life is a lot like a ride at the amusement park.
Life is a lot like baseball.
Life is a lot like journalism.
Life is a lot like that too.
Life is a lot more complex.
Life is a lot more complicated than Mars and Venus, black and white, male and female.
Life is a lot more stressful now.
Life is a lot more than just raising a child.
Life is a lot nicer than it was two years ago.
Life is a lot of defeats.
Life is a lot of give and take.
Life is a lot simpler when each note card contains only one fact.
Life is a lot smoother with healthy self-esteem.
Life is a machine.
Life is a maddening whirl trying to balance the needs of a husband, a child and a newborn baby.
Life is a marvel.
Life is a marvelous, complex system of prolonging order, all sustained by energy.
Life is a marvelously complex system with a high degree of order, all sustained by energy.
Life is a material thing.
Life is a matter of choices.
Life is a matter of contrasts.
Life is a matter of discipleship, of following.
Life is a matter of interpretation.
Life is a matter of perspective.
Life IS a matter of stepping though new doors, doors into one unknown room after another.
Life is a matter of things coming together and moving together.
Life is a maze of searching within.
Life is a maze.
Life is a meaningless accident in a vast universe which no-one created or can create.
Life is a meaningless comedy of pain.
Life is a means to knowledge.
Life is a mental and sensorial adventure.
Life is a mental as well as a physical state.
Life is a merciless instructor.
Life is a merciless maelstrom of logic whirling to a futile purpose.
Life is a mess.
Life is a metabolic mystery.
Life is a metaphor for greater things.
Life is a metaphor for the Final Four.
Life Is A Miracle , shot recently in Vancouver.
Life is a miracle, but different women find purpose and happiness in different things.
Life is a miracle, never, ever to be reduced to chemistry and physics.
Life is a miracle, too.
Life is a miracle.
Life is a mission fulfill it.
Life is a mix.
Life is a mixed bag.
Life is a mixture of darkness and delight, of anticipation and despair.
Life is a mixture of everything.
Life is a mixture of excitement and disappointment, successes and failures, joys and sorrows.
Life is a mixture of good and evil.
Life is a mixture of good times and bad times, happy moments and unhappy moments.
Life is a mixture of hugs and cries.
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Life is a moment long, no more.
Life is a monstrous evil.
Life is a more complex struggle now.
Life is a motion picture.
Life is a movement like a flowing stream.
Life is a movie, and each medical image is only a single frame from that movie.
Life is a movie.
Life is a moving flux of processes.
Life is a moving target.
Life is a much better chose than murder.
Life is a multivariable affair.
Life is a music that consoles.
Life is a mutual anabolic and catabolic activity, as is the case with one's own body.
Life is a mystery - unfold it.
Life is a mystery .
Life is a mystery always continuing.
Life is a mystery and so is prayer.
Life is a mystery and unraveling it can be very exciting.
Life is a mystery begging to be explored.
Life is a mystery unfold it.
Life is a mystery, an adventure, alive with possibilities.
Life is a mystery, and death is a mystery when it occurs.
Life is a mystery, and so is the wonderful world of nature.
Life is a mystery.
Life is a nacho.
Life is a narrow vale between the cold and barren peaks of two eternities.
Life is a natural cycle, just like the changing seasons.
Life is a natural, evolutionary process in which series of shapes are continually forming.
Life is a near constant stream of beginnings and endings.
Life is a near death experience.
Life is a near-death experience.
Life is a negotiation.
Life is a network which constantly makes itself.
Life is a networked thing-a distributed being.
Life is a never ending cycle of adapting and learning.
Life is a never ending maze, full of twists and turns.
Life is a never ending struggle against time, water, and dirt.
Life is a never-ending learning process.
Life is a nonlinear system.
Life is a notch or two simpler there.
Life is a no-win scenario.
Life is a one-putt.
Life is a one-time experience.
Life is a pack of cards.
Life is a pale light ever darkend.
Life is a paradise.
Life is a paradox.
Life is a paradoxical experience.
Life is a parody of itself.
Life is a participation sport.
Life is a particular class of automata.
Life is a partnership between every living organism.
Life is a party.
Life is a pasture to be cultivated.
Life is a path along the road of time marked by certain salient events called rites.
Life is a path leading to nowhere.
Life is a path.
Life is a performance art.
Life is a performance. . .
Life is a performing art.
Life is a period of preparation for eternity.
Life is a perpetual cycle.
Life is a perpetual dance.
Life is a perpetual drama between the visible and the invisible.
Life is a perpetual instruction in cause and effect.
Life is a perpetual lie- telling process.
Life is a perpetual treadmill.
Life is a Person.
Life is a personal path.
Life is a phase, an ongoing experience, much like a maze.
Life is a phoney scene for our youth.
Life is a phrase to be explained, understood, learnt.
Life is a picture, Filled with hope.
Life is a plane in which forces of the same or similar intensity interact and result in action.
Life is a planetary phenomenon, but Earth is the only living planet in the solar system.
Life is a planetary scale phenomenon.
Life is a play.
Life is a playground.
Life is a pledge to the giver of life to do life's duties.
Life is a plethora of choices, opportunities, and half-full glasses.
Life is a plurality, death is a uniformity.
Life is a poem to be be-heartened.
Life is a poem.
Life is a popularity contest.
Life is a position of time, and death is a position of time .
Life is a positive-sum game.
Life is a precious and fragile thing.
Life is a precious commodity.
Life is a precious gift, a gift to be cherished each and every moment.
Life is a precious gift, intended to be used to the fullest.
Life is a precious gift.
Life is a precious miracle.
Life is a precious thing.
Life is a predicament in which there are real risks, real gains, real losses.
Life is a preoccupation.
Life is a preparation for death.
Life is a present.
Life is a priceless gift every day, every moment.
Life is a prison for animals, every day.
Life is a priviledge.
Life is a privilege, and the right to live is a gift.
Life is a privilege.
Life is a problem solving process.
Life is a process and so is learning.
Life is a process composed of processes .
Life is a process from coarse to fine.
Life is a process in which old things are changing into new ones, or the new things succeed the old.
Life is a process of becoming.
Life is a process of changes.
Life is a process of constant optimization.
Life is a process of continuous change.
Life is a process of discovery.
Life is a process of doing, learning, enjoying, and teaching.
Life is a process of evolution and development.
Life is a process of going forward.
Life is a process of growing and changing.
Life is a process of growth and change.
Life is a process of growth and development that changes from one day to the next.
Life is a process of learning and growing.
Life is a process of learning what that law is.
Life is a process of learning.
Life is a process of moving forward.
Life is a process of organizing and reorganizing.
Life is a process of self-validation.
Life is a process of unfolding authenticity.
Life is a process rather than a condition.
Life is a process that begins at conception and ends with death and decay.
Life is a process, everything's in flux and the visuals and fleeting imagery reinforce that notion.
Life is a process, from the very beginning of creation to absolute perfection.
Life is a process, nothing ever stays the same.
Life is a process.
Life is a product of intelligence.
Life is a production line, molded by genetics but driven by dynamics.
Life is a progression from one disaster to another.
Life is a project of burning and stripping, with subsequent coagulating or rebuilding.
Life is a promise - fulfil it.
Life is a promise - fulfill it.
Life is a promise, fulfil it.
Life is a promise, fulfill it.
Life is a promise, fulfull it.
Life is a promise.
Life is a property of Earth, expressed in organisms and other incredible phenomena.
Life is a property of the entire complex.
Life is a pulse, a beat, a rhythm, or else.
Life is a puzzle - solve it.
Life is a puzzle solve it.
Life is a puzzle.
Life is a quest for knowledge.
Life is a race against death and the best man never wins.
Life is a race, with a goal, a destiny.
Life is a race.
Life is a rat race.
Life is a real bummer.
Life is a real fluctuating struggle, risking ones' lives everyday.
Life is a real struggle for many people, uncertain, insecure and under constant pressure.
Life is a real struggle.
Life is a reality, and obviously it came into existence somehow.
Life is a realm of reality.
Life is a recognition of multitudinous multiplicity.
Life is a religion that requires reverence, confidence and devotion.
Life is a result of the propensities of the world.
Life is a rich stew.
Life is a ride.
Life is a risk and our perception of risk is highly subjective.
Life is a risk and so is love.
Life is a risk, and some risks are really worth taking.
Life is a risk, to risk is to be alive.
Life is a risk.
Life is a risky business.
Life is a river that flows so far.
Life is a river which flows away and then dries out.
Life is a river, go with the flow.
Life is a river.
Life is a road full of lessons teaching love.
Life is a road, a thoroughfare.
Life is a road, with so many bumps of pain and detours of sin.
Life is a roller coaster and like roller coasters, life can be very dangerous.
Life is a roller coaster.
Life is a romantic business.
Life is a romantic destination.
Life is a rude struggle.
Life is a sacred journey.
Life is a sacred text, to be unlocked through the key of metaphoric knowing.
Life is a sacrifice - offer it.
Life is a sacrifice, a yagna.
Life is a sad story to many people because of circumstance.
Life is a sad-happy experience.
Life is a scam.
Life is a school of experience, a time of probation.
Life is a school or Madrasah .
Life is a school.
Life is a sea, an ocean, and man, or each life, is a boat.
Life is a seamless whole.
Life is a search for power.
Life is a search for the white stone.
Life is a self fulfilling prophecy.
Life is a self- fulfilling prophecy.
Life is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Life is a self-made project.
Life is a self-organizing phenomenon.
Life is a self-planning event, that is , it is full of projects.
Life is a self-repeating cycle of life and death, and human history is of little importance.
Life is a self-service gas station.
Life is a sequence and the man who does great work has been long in training for it.
Life is a sequence and the man who does great work has long been in training for it.
Life is a sequence of unpredictable and non-reproducible events.
Life is a series of auditions, tests, a cocktail-party.
Life is a series of battles.
Life is a series of cause and effects.
Life is a series of challenges and choices.
Life is a series of challenges.
Life is a series of changes and challenges, highs and lows.
Life is a series of changes.
Life is a series of choices and consequences.
Life is a series of choices and lessons.
Life is a series of choices, creating stress.
Life is a series of choices.
Life is a series of collisions with the future.
Life is a series of complicated interactions.
Life is a series of compromises.
Life is a series of conflicts that occur in developmental stages.
Life is a series of connections.
Life is a series of constant improvements.
Life is a series of experiences.
Life is a series of frequent changes.
Life is a series of hellos and goodbye.
Life is a series of impressions and snapshots.
Life is a series of interrelated circles.
Life is a series of journeys.
Life is a series of letting go's.
Life is a series of making choices.
Life is a series of many opportunities.
Life is a series of milestones generally best recognized through hindsight.
Life is a series of miracles.
Life is a series of moments to live each one is to succeed.
Life is a series of moments, places and people.
Life is a series of moments.
Life is a series of nows.
Life is a series of one developmental opportunity after another.
Life is a series of open doors, and sometimes one door opens into a lot more doors.
Life is a series of open horizons, with one no sooner completed than another looms ahead.
Life is a series of opportunities, masked as difficulties.
Life is a series of outcomes.
Life is a series of peak moments.
Life is a series of problems and solutions.
Life is a series of problems.
Life is a series of pulls back and forth.
Life is a series of relationships.
Life is a series of sales situations.
Life is a series of small pleasures, threatened intermittently by their unpredictable father.
Life is a series of steps.
Life is a series of tales.
Life is a series of tests, some just count more.
Life is a series of trade-offs.
Life is a series of tradeoffs.
Life is a series of transitions, changes and new seasons.
Life is a series of transitions.
Life is a series of trials and joys.
Life is a series of trials and tribulations.
Life is a series of unexplained events that happen in the corridor of time.
Life is a series of ups and downs, starts and stops, mountains and valleys.
Life is a series of ups and downs.
Life is a series of wins and losses, even for the most successful.
Life is a series of wins and losses.
Life is a serious business.
Life is a sewer, so crawl in it.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the mortality rate is one hundred percent.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease.
Life is a sexually transmitted terminal disease.
Life is a sexually transmitted terminal illness.
Life is a sexually-transmitted desease.
Life is a shell without central meaning.
Life is a shifting thing.
Life is a shit sandwich.
Life is a short breath, a vanishing vapor.
Life is a short run.
Life is a show after all.
Life is a singles collection.
Life is a slender woman.
Life is a slippery road.
Life is a slippery slope.
Life IS a slippery slope.
Life is a sloppy, slippery, disorganized business - politics even more so.
Life is a smorgasbord of choices.
Life is a smorgasbord.
Life is a solitary journey.
Life is a song - sing it.
Life is a Song .
Life is a song that goes on forever.
Life is a song, let's sing it together.
Life is a song, sing it.
Life is a song.
Life is a sorrow - overcome it.
Life is a sorrow, overcome it.
Life is a sort of theatre.
Life is a soundtrack.
Life is a souvenier, enjoy it while it lasts.
Life is a span of time composed of a myriad number of decisions regarding the path of life.
Life is a spell so exquisite that everything conspires to break it.
Life is a spin.
Life is a spiritual force.
Life is a spiritual journey toward an awareness of the true source of our being.
Life is a spiritual journey.
Life is a spiritual practice.
Life is a spiritual school.
Life is a splendid gift - there is nothing small about it.
Life is a splendid gift.
Life is a stage and so is porn.
Life is a stage, and when the curtain falls upon an act, it is finished and forgotten.
Life is a stage.
Life is a state of being, always changing and adapting.
Life is a state of being, but being with divine intention.
Life is a state of mind.
Life is a static thing.
Life is a steady balance maintained and closely guarded by the body at all times.
Life is a stimulating adventure.
Life is a story and blues is about life.
Life is a strange and wonderful gift.
Life is a strange attractor in the chaos of the universe.
Life is a strange lad.
Life is a stream and so on, people say.
Life is a stream evolving from out an ancient sea.
Life is a stream evolving from out some ancient sea.
Life is a stream of endless pain and insecurity.
Life is a stream of irrevocable decisions requiring constant adaptation.
Life is a stream that continues infinitely.
Life is a strife.
Life is a string of moments.
Life is a string of observances.
Life is a string of unending opportunities.
Life is a struggle - fight it.
Life is a struggle between good and evil.
Life is a struggle but by no means intolerable.
Life is a struggle but has unexpected rewards.
Life is a struggle face it.
Life is a struggle for kids and their working mothers.
Life is a struggle for survival.
Life is a struggle The universe is a hostile place.
Life is a struggle there for people and wildlife.
Life is a struggle to be and become, to adjust, to stay in the moment.
Life is a struggle, accept it.
Life is a struggle.
Life is a study in contrast.
Life is a succession of deals, all to maximize personal benefits.
Life is a succession of moments.
Life is a succession of readjustments.
Life is a succession of suffering experiences.
Life is a surf camp.
Life is a surprise.
Life is a survival game.
Life is a swirling eddy of despair in an ever blackening universe.
Life Is a symphony.
Life is a tad more relaxed here.
Life is a tale told by an idiot - full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Life is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Life is a tapestry of happening.
Life is a teacher.
Life is a team sport.
Life is a temporary denial of entropy.
Life is a temporary journey.
Life is a terminal disease usually caused by birth.
Life is a terminal disease.
Life is a terminal illness.
Life is a terrible conflict, a grandiose and atrocious confluence.
Life is a test in addition to being a journey.
Life is a test in many ways.
Life is a test.
Life is a thing of the past.
Life is a thread.
Life is a three-ring disappointment of jumbo proportions.
Life is a tide that never returns.
Life is a time full of enjoyable, and sometimes dangerous, activities.
Life is a time to love and accomplish goals.
Life is a toolbox.
Life is a torrential drama where, often, things just seem to slip away as circumstance, old or new.
Life is a total enigma.
Life is a touchstone for the truth of the spirit.
Life is a tough school, in which the test comes before the lessons.
Life is a tough thing.
Life is a tour.
Life is a trade off between instant pleasure and long term reward.
Life is a trade-off between stability and change, state and process.
Life is a tradeoff.
Life is a tragedy - face it.
Life is a tragedy full of joy.
Life is a tragedy to others, Without knowledge of the soul.
Life is a tragedy, confront it.
Life is a tragedy.
Life is a trail of mistakes.
Life is a transitory existence, blue skies turn to stormy nights, laughter to tears in grief's arms.
Life is a treadmill.
Life is a treasure and the proof of that is that few people want to die.
Life is a treasure chest.
Life is a tremendous gift.
Life is a trial.
Life is a trip.
Life is a two way street.
Life is a two-way street.
Life is a unique experience that is molded and shaped by our own direction and determination.
Life is a unity.
Life is a universal energy that moves even the corpuscles of the blood.
Life is a vacation between two eternities.
Life is a valuable accidental gift from nature.
Life is a variety of levels of existence, and the time and place for the usual one had returned.
Life is a vast cafeteria of temptation.
Life is a vast, dynamic network of interconnected virtual realities.
Life is a verb.
Life is a very complex flame.
Life is a very difficult in Burma.
Life is a very fussy tenant.
Life is a very high mountain.
Life is a very little like bringing two magnets into proximity with each other.
Life is a very precious gift.
Life is a very precious thing.
Life is a very strong thing.
Life is a very traumatic experience for such children.
Life is a very, very good thing.
Life is a vicious battle.
Life is a video game.
Life is a virtual experience.
Life is a walk, a journey, a pilgrimage, a taking of step after step in a certain direction.
Life is a war zone, get over it.
Life is a war zone.
Life is a warfare.
Life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life.
Life is a waste of time.
Life is a watch or a vision between a sleep and a sleep.
Life is a wave.
Life is a well-balanced scale.
Life is a wheel.
Life is a whirlwind of things to accomplish.
Life is a whole, and all the various aspects of life are interrelated within any given culture.
Life is a whole.
Life is a wild, zany beast.
Life is a wink in time.
Life is a wishbone.
Life is a wonder cruise.
Life is a wonderful adventure.
Life is a wonderful and fragile thing.
Life is a wonderful gift.
Life is a wonderful mixture of change, and stability.
Life is a wonderful, and wonderfully complex thing.
Life is a wonderful, complex, demanding game.
Life is a wonderful, glorious tapestry of passion that so many people seem blind to.
Life is a wondrous phenomenon.
Life is a wondrous thing.
Life is a work in progress, as ever-changing as a sandy shoreline along the beach.
Life is a work in progress.
Life is a workout.
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
Life is a zigzag.
Life is about a lot of things.
Life is about action, movement.
Life is about adjusting.
Life is about avoiding boredom, really.
Life is about avoiding jealousy, overcoming ignorance and building confidance.
Life is about avoiding jealousy, overcoming ignorance and building confidence.
Life is about avoiding jealousy, overcoming ignorance and building self confidence.
Life is about avoiding jealousy, overcoming ignorance, and building confidence.
Life is about balance.
Life is about being alive.
Life is about being fair, honest, truthful, and respectful in the work place.
Life is about both.
Life is about caring for other people.
Life is about challenges, be they small or large.
Life is about change and career planning and self-assessment are lifelong processes.
Life is about change and growth.
Life is about change in the midst of constancy.
Life is about change, and career planning and self-exploration are lifelong processes.
Life is about change, however uncomfortable that is.
Life is about change, that's what makes it interesting.
Life is about change.
Life is about changes, about beginnings and endings.
Life is about changes.
Life is about changging.
Life is about character.
Life is about choice.
Life is about choices mixed with a bit of fate.
Life is about choices.
Life is about choosing and each choice involves risk.
Life is about choosing opportunities that have uncertain endings and beginnings.
Life is about compromise.
Life is about connectedness.
Life is about connecting with others.
Life is about connecting with people and making a positive difference.
Life is about connections.
Life is about constantly beginning.
Life is about continual learning.
Life is about continuing to improve toward a set of high internal standards.
Life is about correcting error and striving for improvement.
Life is about doing new things and having fun.
Life is about dreams.
Life is about dying, mourning and letting go, but it is also about laughing, being born and healing.
Life is about education, about perfection.
Life is about energy.
Life is about excepting the inevitable.
Life is about experiment.
Life is about failing in many ways.
Life is about faithfulness.
Life is about family, friends, love, happiness and faith.
Life is about finding the perfect balance.
Life is about flow and energy.
Life is about forever attaining and progressing and evolving.
Life is about getting results.
Life is about getting things done.
Life is about getting to the top.
Life is about giving and creating value.
Life is about giving to others.
Life is about good times and bad times.
Life is about growing and only weeds grow without a real program.
Life is about growing, improving and perfecting oneself.
Life is about growing, learning, and helping others.
Life is about harmony - going with the flow.
Life is about having a good time, good food and good friends.
Life is about having a good time.
Life is about having fun and having fun now.
Life is about having fun and learning.
Life is about having the power to exert some measure of control over life.
Life is about human interaction.
Life is about joy and sorrow, and everything material needs to be subordinated accordingly.
Life is about learning to Love.
Life is about learning, growing, sharing and developing together.
Life is about learning.
Life is about life.
Life is about life-long learning, growing, changing, developing, becoming.
Life is about listening, about paying attention.
Life is about living each moment.
Life is about living thankfully, sharing joy, touching and walking beside others.
Life is about long walks on a beautiful day.
Life is about loss, and all growth is based on loss.
Life is about loss.
Life is about love and commitment and screw anyone who thinks that's a clich .
Life is about love and truth and emotion and honesty.
Life is about Love, and Love is something to be celebrated and shared.
Life is about love.
Life is about making a success out of failures or 'imperfect' blessings.
Life is about making choices, and educational choices can be among the hardest to make.
Life is about making personal connections.
Life is about more than doing things that are easy.
Life is about more than just money.
Life is about more than money.and so is retirement.
Life is about more than the daily things that take our attention.
Life is about much more than appearances.
Life is about one thing, and one thing only.
Life is about pain.
Life is about patience, plain and simple.
Life is about people connecting with people, and making a positive difference.
Life is about people.
Life is about perspective.
Life is about presenting a successful image.
Life is about recovery - it's about recovery of memory.
Life is about relationships with people and family.
Life is about relationships.
Life is about revealing conspiracies.
Life is about riding the waves of life.
Life is about risk.
Life is about sadness.
Life is about seizing the day and having a good time.
Life is about sharing, caring and loving.
Life is about something old.
Life is about spiritual growth.
Life is about stepping outside one's comfort zone.
Life is about survival of the fittest.
Life is about synchronicity.
Life is about taking risks and chances.
Life is about the art of taking time.
Life is about the Banana, after all.
Life is about the experience.
Life is about the fight against entropy.
Life is about the here and now.
Life is about the human relations.
Life is about the journeys as much as the destinations.
Life is about the little pleasures as well as the indulgences.
Life is about the pursuit of dreams.
Life is about the stories of people.
Life is about timing and now, it's time to pick again.
Life is about timing.
Life is about to change big time.
Life is about to change.
Life is about to get bad.
Life is about to get very busy for the parents.
Life is about to improve dramatically.
Life is about trade-offs like that.
Life is about transitions.
Life is about value.
Life is about winning some competitions while enjoing the game.
Life is about work.
Life is absolulty great.
Life is absolutely free from the beginning.
Life is absolutely super and wonderful.
Life is absurd .
Life is absurd.
Life is abundant and comes in shapes, sizes and forms both conceivable and inconceivable.
Life is abundant here.
Life is abundant next to the river.
Life is abundant.
Life is activity or spirit, and substance form or matter.
Life is activity, but activity with a worthy purpose.
Life is activity, motion, and excitement.
Life is activity.
Life is adaptation, and little else.
Life is adventure worth sharing.
Life is adventure, solitude, hope, disappointment, and perseverance.
Life is adventure.
Life is adventures.
Life is affected by every living thing.
Life is after all a wonderful thing.
Life is after all exhausting and that is the time where everything is definitely right.
Life is after all, much more than a fairy tale.
Life is again worth living.
Life is ahead like a clean slate.
Life is all - it's just one time.
Life is all a downward spiral after exiting that sanctuary.
Life is all about attitude.
Life is all about balance in many, many ways.
Life is all about balance, a balance of love and life.
Life is all about balance.
Life is all about being given the chance.
Life is all about changes though.
Life is all about choices.
Life is all about clear intention and helpful energy.
Life is all about decisions.
Life is all about disturbances.
Life is all about feeling deeply.
Life is all about figuring out little mysteries of one's own mind.
Life is all about gaining problem-solving skills.
Life is all about hardship.
Life is all about kickin' it oldskool style.
Life is all about living.
Life is all about looking on the positive side of things.
Life is all about love.
Life is all about making a contribution.
Life is all about making choices, and in cell life, the choices come early.
Life is all about mistakes.
Life is all about opportunity and luck.
Life is all about options.
Life is all about people.
Life is all about possibilities. . .
Life is all about priorities.
Life is all about putting things in perspective.
Life is all about relationships.
Life is all about results.
Life is all about risk and reward.
Life is all about security.
Life is all about sorting out good vs. evil and making solid judgements.
Life is all about survival.
Life is all about the cell.
Life is all about the here and now.
Life is all about the time and love one shares with ones friends and family.
Life is all about timing, and, for dancers, timing is everything.
Life is all about ups and downs.
Life is all about, in a way, karma.
Life is all around our every move and thought.
Life is all around the trees' huge trunks.
Life is all champagne bubbles and having fun.
Life is all foreplay and no climax.
Life is all good.
Life is all interpretation and perception.
Life is all there is.
Life is all too short, but that fact makes every second a precious gift.
Life is all work.
Life is all.
Life is almost back on track.
Life is Almost Unbearable . . .
Life is almost unbelievably difficult for Mexican journalists.
Life Is Already Chaotic, They Say.
Life is already cloudy enough down at the courthouse.
Life is already complex enough.
Life is already difficult - particularly in terms of making publication deadlines.
Life is already difficult enough.
Life is already full of many negative things without having to deal with negative people.
Life is already hard enough without having to carry the extra burden of guilt or shame.
Life is already too short to waste on speed.
Life is already tough for many asylum seekers.
Life is already tragic enough.
Life is alright in America.
Life is also a pit of darkness, confusion, anger, sins and death.
Life is also about enjoying the rewards of our hard work.
Life is also about growing old and growing sick.
Life is also an important theme throughout the entire novel.
Life is also difficult financially in the city for single mothers.
Life is also full of wonder and joy.
Life is also like a flowing river.
Life is also like that.
Life is also pretty terrific on other fronts.
Life is also slippery.
Life is also the opportunity to make choices.
Life is also too short and precious to let any temporary setback put anyone down.
Life is also too short to build ugly guns.
Life is also very diverse and the vast diversity of species can sometimes seem almost overwhelming.
Life is also work.
Life is always a challenge - there are always victories to be won.
Life is always a choice, a decision, an assertion against death, against adversity, against evil.
Life is always a matter of choices and consequences.
Life is always a polarity.
Life is always a present.
Life is always a struggle.
Life is always about change and learning something new.
Life is always about experience.
Life is always abundant and never insufficient.
Life is always ambiguous.
Life is always better when it's translated musically.
Life is always dangerous and often nasty, and death is never pretty.
Life is always dynamic.
Life is always exciting in our household.
Life is always fair.
Life is always full of challenges.
Life is always full of choices.
Life is always full of disturbances.
Life is always full of strange and wonderful surprises.
Life is always full of surprises.
Life is always full of the unexpected.
Life is always good.
Life is always hectic.
Life is always in flux.
Life is always in motion.
Life is always interesting.
Life is always losses and victories, challenges and good fortune followed by bad.
Life is always mixed with joy and sadness of holding on and letting go.
Life is always more fun when shared.
Life is always more interesting than work.
Life is always more shocking and splendid than fiction.
Life is always plural.
Life is always present.
Life is always sacred.
Life is always so busy.
Life is always so more complicated in real life.
Life is always that balance between stress and apathy.
Life is always unexpected.
Life is always unfair.
Life is amazing, and our wealth is only limited by our inability to receive.
Life is amazing, people are fascinating and health is precious.
Life is amazing.
Life is amorphous, literature is formal.
Life is amplified.
Life is an abstract noun.
Life is an accident, a genetic gamble.
Life is an accident.
Life is an action word.
Life is an active organisation.
Life is an addiction condition, or it can be.
Life is an adventure - dare it.
Life is an adventure - experienced one second at a time.
Life is an adventure .
Life is an adventure and adventures can be scary.
Life is an adventure and every day is a new beginning.
Life is an adventure and it is so rewarding to gain experiences, no matter how mundane they are.
Life is an adventure full of moments to experience and respond to artistically.
Life is an adventure full of promise but also full of peril.
Life is an adventure here.
Life is an adventure with limitless possibilities.
Life is an adventure, and teaching children is too.
Life is an adventure, dare it.
Life is an adventure, let's enjoy.
Life is an adventure, something to be excited about.
Life is an adventure, take it as one.
Life is an adventure.
Life is an affair of putting on clothing.
Life is an aging process.
Life is an amazing journey.
Life is an amazing thing that has to be taken care of.
Life is an anteroom in which one has time to kill.
Life is an anthology series of short gay-themed films.
Life is an approximation.
Life is an Art and requires creative thinking to survive.
Life is an artful process, a matter of choice and of believing.
Life is an aspiration.
Life is an attitude.
Life is an auction.
Life is an echo.
Life is an ecstasy. . . .
Life is an ecstasy.
Life is an effort.
Life is an electrochemical wonder.
Life is an emergent phenomenon of chemistry.
Life is an empty dream.
Life is an endless cycle of death and death is an endless cycle of life.
Life is an endless cycle.
Life is an endless journey.
Life is an endless process of self-discovery.
Life is an endless recruiting of witnesses.
Life is an endless sea drifting drifting.
Life is an endless search for the meaning of our existence.
Life is an endless series of problems.
Life is an endless unfoldment to the real.
Life is an endless unfoldment.
Life is an equation.
Life is an eternal battle.
Life is an eternal dance.
Life is an ever burning torch.
Life is an ever-changing process, and nothing is final.
Life is an everyday battle at keeping death at a comfortable distance.
Life is an everyday creation and a construction.
Life is an evolution of judgment, from mechanical to supreme.
Life is an exchange of energy.
Life is an exciting adventure or it is nothing.
Life is an exciting adventure, but it is also a struggle.
Life is an exciting business and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Life is an exciting challenge and an adventure to be fully experienced and enjoyed.
Life is an exciting drama.
Life is an exciting story to preschoolers.
Life is an exertion, at times to achieve one major goal, at others to survive.
Life is an experience in itself, and everything happens for a reason.
Life is an experience offered in various conditions.
Life is an experience to be enjoyed.
Life is an experience, a classroom and something to be enjoyed.
Life is an experience, just LIVE it.
Life is an experience.
Life is an experiment to discover what's possible.
Life is an experiment.
Life is an extraordinary phenomenon whose existence requires an extraordinary explanation.
Life is an idea, a reality, a mystery.
Life is an identity crisis.
Life is an illness and death is a cure rather then visa versa.
Life is an illness from which sleep provides reprieve every sixteen hours and only death remedies.
Life is an illusion.
Life is an important concept in Judaism.
Life is an incessant inquiry into the why and wherefore of existence.
Life is an inconvenience.
Life is an incredible miracle.
Life is an incurable disease.
Life is an indispensable condition of happiness.
Life is an individual matter and the Christian life is a matter of individual choice.
Life is an infinitely patient teacher.
Life is an inherently good thing.
Life is an inner thing - ideas rather than feeling or action.
Life is an inspiration.
Life is an integrated process.
Life is an interconnection, an intertwining of good and evil.
Life is an interesting and fascinating series of events, processes, and growth opportunities.
Life is an interminable string of problems and decision making.
Life is an interplay between the two.
Life is an interplay of elements.
Life is an intolerable burden, which every living thing somehow manages to tolerate.
Life is an inward attainment of oneself with a cosmic conditioning.
Life is an issue of mind over matter.
Life is an never ending cycle, and with one end ushers in the start of a new beginning.
Life is an ocean love is is a wave.
Life is an odyssey.
Life is an ongoing classroom.
Life is an ongoing deceit, harsh and cruel.
Life is an ongoing educational experience.
Life is an ongoing learning process and so is teaching.
Life is an on-going learning process.
Life is an ongoing process of change and renewal.
Life is an ongoing process.
Life is an onion that one peels, crying.
Life is an onrushing tangle of moral puzzles.
Life is an open book test, and they are trying to close the books.
Life is an Open Book Test.
Life is an open book.
Life is an open sketchbook - Examples of a variety of subjects drawn in pencil.
Life is an open-ended process of learning and growth.
Life is an operation which is done in a forward direction.
Life is an opportunity - take it.
Life is an opportunity to grow.
Life is an opportunity, and it is pregnant with meanings.
Life is an opportunity, benefit from it.
Life is an opportunity.
Life is an orderly sequence.
Life is an uncertain road of ups and downs.
Life is an uncontrollable roller coaster.
Life is an unfinished painting, with sin lurking to keep on staining.
Life is an unfolding education and every day an opportunity to learn.
Life is an uphill struggle.
Life is analogous to song and vice-versa.
Life IS anime, no substitues.
Life is another paradise there.
Life is antagonistic to the living.
Life is anything but simple for today's youth.
Life is apparently really easy to create.
Life is apparitional, and passes.
Life is approached from the outside and experience is virtual.
Life is art .
Life Is Art .
Life is art, and Art is the great miracle.
Life is art.
Life is Art.
Life is as bleak and pointless, or as promising and meaningful as one chooses to make it.
Life is as dear to a mute creature as it is to a man or woman.
Life is as dear to a mute creature as it is to a man.
Life is as fragile as a bubble in the water.
Life is as fragile as a sand dollar, yet as strong as the tidal forces of the sea.
Life is as it always has been.
Life is as it is.
Life is as much a pain as it ever was.
Life is as one finds it.
Life is as positive electricity, substance negative.
Life is as simple as that.
Life is as tedious as a twice-told tale, Vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man.
Life is as time.
Life is aspiration.
Life is assured till then next stage of the yearly cycle.
Life is at once exhilarating and disappointing, lovely and degrading, promising and discouraging.
Life is at once strong and fragile, on both counts requiring the utmost respect and consideration.
Life is at stake here, and the battle is fierce.
Life is at such a fast pace today.
Life is at the base of all else that is human.
Life is at the mercy of turmoil and suffering.
Life is at the touch of a button on the remote control.
Life is attachment, interest, passion.
Life is attention.
Life is attitude and gratitude.
Life is attracted to order .
Life is attracted to order, but it uses messes to get there.
Life is attractive, diverse, and interesting.
Life is austere here, too.
Life is available only in Jesus.
Life is available only in the present moment.
Life is awareness and responsiveness, it is consciousness and self consciousness.
Life is awesome.
Life is awful, so let's go shopping, cruising, trashing.
Life is awful.
Life is back to normal now.
Life is back to normal.
Life is Bad is fun and loose with handclap percussion.
Life is banal, really.
Life is based on chemistry.
Life is based on helping each other.
Life is based on incredibly complex chemicals and reactions.
Life is based on quality rather than quantity, and on shared pride rather than arrogance.
Life is based on such compounds.
Life is based on the ability of cells to reproduce, or make copies of themselves.
Life is based on the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Life is based on the infinite and is therefore infinite itself.
Life is based upon carbon-carbon bonding.
Life is based upon love.
Life is basic on a houseboat.
Life is basic.
Life is basically a contradiction.
Life is basically a work in progress.
Life is basically about pain.
Life is basically meaningless.
Life is basically on cruise control.
Life is basically unfair.
Life is bassets.
Life is bearably unbearable only through the understanding of a couple of outsiders.
Life is beastly, but they are pressing on.
Life Is Beautiful , Italy.
Life Is Beautiful . . . . .
Life is beautiful . . .
Life is Beautiful . .
Life is Beautiful .
Life Is Beautiful .
Life Is Beautiful A slapstick comedy set in a concentration camp.
Life is beautiful again.
Life Is Beautiful already has scooped up prizes at film festivals from Cannes to Vancouver.
Life is beautiful and it's good to be in Italy.
Life is beautiful and mysterious.
Life is beautiful and strange.
Life is beautiful and the end of the cycle has beauty, too.
Life is Beautiful begins as a comedy, almost a farce.
Life is beautiful but all too short.
Life is beautiful but full of asymmetry.
Life is beautiful even when it is ugly.
Life is beautiful for cats.
Life is Beautiful has been called a modern masterpiece.
Life is Beautiful has come under attack in some circles for mocking the Holocaust.
Life is beautiful in Germany.
Life is beautiful indeed.
Life is Beautiful is a about the holocaust and the people in it.
Life Is Beautiful is a daring, highly original work.
Life is Beautiful is a film about human spirit above all else.
Life Is Beautiful is a good place to start.
Life Is Beautiful is a marvel in so many beautiful ways.
Life is Beautiful is a powerful, indeed, a profound piece of art.
Life Is Beautiful is amazing.
Life is Beautiful is an interesting movie.
Life is Beautiful is deserving of every praise it has gotten and is one of the year s best films.
Life is Beautiful is fun and silly score, with brief lapses into deeper, more dramatic underscore.
Life is Beautiful is introduced as a fable.
Life is Beautiful is up for two awards.
Life is Beautiful pressure.
Life is Beautiful wins big at the Oscars.
Life Is Beautiful, and even visited Jerusalem for the film festival.
Life is beautiful, and there are plenty of good souls out there, willing to share and care.
Life is beautiful, definitely.
Life is Beautiful,' is a genius.
Life Is Beautiful, is going to win an award.
Life is beautiful, people are one family.
Life is beautiful, really.
Life is beautiful, Thanks to the internet''.
Life is beautiful, thanks to the Internet.
Life is beautiful, Thanx to internet''.
Life is beautiful, Thanx to Internet''.
Life is beautiful, they think.
Life is Beautiful, which received seven, previously held the record.
Life Is Beautiful, yet none can fully explain it.
Life is beautiful.
Life is Beautiful.
Life Is Beautiful.
Life is beauty - praise it.
Life is beauty praise it.
Life is beauty, admire it.
Life is before breath and is the cause of breath.
Life is behind but supplies the telling spirit for what is shown, shared, shaped.
Life is being.
Life is believed to have started in the sea.
Life is best as an adventure.
Life is beta, folks.
Life is better for our people.
Life is better here.
Life is better if things just happen.
Life is better in the dark.
Life is better in Yemen, even in a refugee camp, than in Somalia.
Life is better now.
Life is better over here.
Life is better than death.
Life is better than ever, with new friendships and fresh experiences.
Life is better than ever, with new friendships, fresh experiences, and bright hopes for the future.
Life is better than fine again.
Life is better than it was in the village.
Life is better than it was then.
Life is better than parody.
Life is better that way.
Life is better when ice cream's involved.
Life is better when individuals are able to communicate freely.
Life is better with lots of voices.
Life is better, life is friendlier.
Life is better.
Life is between the first and the last breath.
Life is beyond one's control.
Life is beyond our control, beyond our power.
Life is beyond that.
Life is bigger than death.
Life is bigger than environment.
Life is bigger than just one role or one relationship with one parent.
Life is bigger than work.
Life is bigger that just records and stuff.
Life is bigger, sometimes, than a political issue.
Life is bitchs.
Life is black and white, without any color.
Life is black and white.
Life is bleak in the SMUs.
Life is bleak.
Life is blind energy.
Life is bliss, taste it.
Life is bliss.
Life is blood.
Life is bores.
Life is boring.
Life is born and then it dies.
Life is born anew in every moment.
Life is born of sound and motion and thus has natural tendency towards silence and stillness.
Life is born on planets, sooner or later it dies out.
Life is born to animals and humans, and some plant and animal life change lots over their lifetimes.
Life is born, grows and dies.
Life is both - and.
Life is both a sprint and a marathon.
Life is both bleak and beautiful.
Life is both complex and specified.
Life is both contradictory and complimentary, as there is always something of one in the other.
Life is both hierarchical and equal.
Life is both loved and held too loosely.
Life is both pathetic and incredibly funny.
Life is both short, and very, very long.
Life is both wonderful and majestic.
Life is boundless emotions including joy, sadness, anger, and curiosity.
Life is brief and eternity hastens.
Life is brief as are our joys.
Life is brief, and at the end await judgment and eternity.
Life is brief, but when it's gone, love goes on and on.
Life is brief, like the falling of a leaf.
Life is brief.
Life is bright for the urban elite.
Life is brighter, so it's worth the risks.
Life is brought spontaneously in the direction of greater balance and happiness.
Life is brutal and very unfair, or so it seems sometimes.
Life is brutal.
Life is brutish, short, carnal, and frequently beset with ghouls.
Life is bueno right now.
Life is built around getting enough alcohol.
Life is built like that in so many ways.
Life is built on hard work.
Life is built on hope, sometimes.
Life is built on information.
Life is built on interactions and meaningful relationships.
Life is built on memories.
Life is built on moments.
Life is built that way.
Life is built up by contrary terms.
Life is built up by the sacrifice of the individual to the whole.
Life is built up from some very common materials.
Life is built upon death.
Life is busy and fun and the food is superb.
Life is busy and fun.
Life is busy and good.
Life is busy and hard at times, but overall life is good.
Life is busy as usual.
Life is busy but fun.
Life is busy enough.
Life is busy even in the summer.
Life is busy for everyone.
Life is busy for most.
Life is busy inside the museum.
Life is busy, but very happy.
Life is busy.
Life is but a blink, when all is said and done.
Life is but a bowl of cherries.
Life is but a breath away.
Life is but a brief whisper, it is a road that leads to the grave and beyond.
Life is but a dream.
Life is but a fleeting moment.
Life is but a fragile moment, shielded in our feathered dreams.
Life is but a game, tra-la.
Life is but a lifetime - to hell with eternity.
Life is but a memory Happened long ago.
Life is but a road with many bumps and curves.
Life is but a series of fillings and emptyings.
Life is but a series of misery.
Life is but a shadow- a dream.
Life is but a sport and a pastime.
Life is but a stage, and some players are more interesting than others.
Life is but a tissue of habits.
Life is but a vapor, it vanishes all too quickly.
Life is but a walking shadow.
Life is but an endless series of experiments.
Life is but an exploded nexus of being unimaginable and so is love.
Life is but for fifty, sixty, or seventy years.
Life is but one experience, so let's make the most of it.
Life is but one of the many properties of the carbon atom.
Life is but precious moments passing by with pictures of tomorrow moving to and fro.
Life is by and large peaceful, comfortable and safe, unlike in some of the Indian cities.
Life is calm, in a hectic sort of way.
Life is calm.
Life is calmer here than in Sacramento.
Life is calmer in Bosnia now, but the effects of four years of war linger.
Life IS candy.
Life is capable of dies.
Life is capable of ends.
Life is capricious.
Life is carefree now.
Life is casual and relaxed.
Life is ceaseless movement.
Life is celebrated in Irish proverbs.
Life is celebration.
Life is centered around the family and then the community.
Life is centered around the tea.
Life is centred around the home in Holland.
Life is certain and death is for sure.
Life is certainly a learning experience and learning to live on the road can be quite an education.
Life is certainly a miracle.
Life is certainly busy.
Life is certainly more peaceful.
Life is certainly much like thin ice.
Life is certainly unusual and the end of life is no exception.
Life is change - most of the cells in our body are replaced, at the most, each seven years.
Life is change, and change in a person can take only two directions.
Life is change, constantly shifting in tempo and mood.
Life is change, growth is optional.
Life is change, how it differs from the rocks.
Life is change, that is how it differs from the rocks.
Life is change.
Life IS change.
Life is changed.
Life is changeless perfection, hence health is an eternal verity.
Life is chaos, and that's a very exciting thing.
Life is chaos, and the first order of government is to impose order on chaos.
Life is chaos.
Life IS chaos.
Life is chaotic, but they crave a sense of order and a feeling of womb-like safety.
Life is chaotic, dangerous and surprising.
Life is chaotic.
Life is characterised by growth and reproduction, spontaneous actions and possibly, consciousness.
Life is characterized by individuality, historicity, contingency, and a high information content.
Life is characterized by such elements as having cells, reproduction, using energy, metabolism, etc.
Life is cheap and profane.
Life is cheap and wonderful.
Life is cheap for women who become involved with the outlaw motorcycle clubs.
Life is cheap here.
Life IS cheap here.
Life is cheap in Africa. . .
Life is cheap in Africa.
Life is cheap in Asia, so they say.
Life is cheap in Byzantium.
Life is cheap in the desert.
Life is cheap out here in the wooly West.
Life is cheap, and disturbingly undervalued.
Life is cheap, and evil is banal.
Life is cheap, bribes are plentiful, and habeas corpus is a latin joke.
Life is cheap, but it still has to come down a little.
Life is cheap, drugs and women abundant, and killers lurk in every alley.
Life is cheap, law is sparse, and disputes are settled by force.
Life is cheap.
Life is chock full of unexpected twists.
Life is choice.
Life is choices and change.
Life is choices and choices occur in the mind.
Life is choices, good ones and bad ones.
Life is choked full of difficult problems to face.
Life is circular.
Life is clean.
Life is clearly a property of the evolving universe, made possible by stellar evolution.
Life is closely dependent upon the presence of sodium.
Life is coeducational.
Life is coherent unity in movement.
Life is coke and grass and dope and booze, Life is win and win and lose and lose.
Life is color of excitement, shadows of remorse, repentance of guilt, tides of mood and situations.
Life is colour.
Life is colourful, manifold, versatile, and it has a wide range of action.
Life is combat.
Life is come again.
Life is comfortable . . .
Life is comfortable and everything is more or less under control.
Life is comfortable in Gregory.
Life is comfortingly simple.
Life is comic and tragic.
Life is common in trees, ants, birds, animals and human beings.
Life is communion and contact.
Life is community.
Life is comparable to planet Earth spinning around itself and rotating round the Sun for ages.
Life is compared to navigation.
Life is competition.
Life is competitive enough as it is.
Life is competitive.
Life is complete and each life is unique.
Life is complete and good.
Life is complete with laughter.
Life is complete.
Life is completely dependent on water.
Life is completely different now.
Life is completely different on either side.
Life is complex - there are no simple answers.
Life is complex and challenging, frenzied and full.
Life is complex and each situation varies.
Life is complex and every explanation of a man's conduct is bound to suffer from one-sidedness.
Life is complex and full of uncertainties.
Life is complex and has an unfailing capacity to surprise.
Life is complex and mysterious and nothing is more mysterious than cancer.
Life is complex and mysterious of course.
Life is complex and never easy.
Life is complex and unexpected personal emergencies sometimes arise.
Life is complex and well developed wherever it is found in the fossil record.
Life is complex enough as it is.
Life is complex in that it ramifies itself into the world.
Life is complex, and simple truths can feel vague, barely within our reach.
Life is complex, demanding and ever changing.
Life is complex, with real and imaginary parts.
Life is complex.
Life is complexs.
Life is complicated and ever changing.
Life is complicated and full of choices.
Life is complicated and it's bound to stay that way.
Life is complicated and it's easy to be confused.
Life is complicated and messy.
Life is complicated by guests and live-in mothers.
Life is complicated enough already, without official exchange of information.
Life is complicated enough with two names.
Life is complicated enough without finding ways to make it more difficult.
Life is complicated enough.
Life is complicated for the complicated.
Life is complicated sometimes.
Life is complicated, and different people see things in different ways.
Life is complicated, so think small.
Life is complicated, very reminiscent of a clock.
Life is complicated.
Life is Complicated.
Life is composed of a continuous series of events that shape individuals.
Life is composed of activity, challenge and struggle.
Life is composed of individual steps.
Life is composed of more than just work.
Life is composed of trial and error.
Life is compressed.
Life is comprised of a series of arrivals and departures, like ships in a harbor.
Life is comprised of tough choices, conflicting values, demands of society, pressure of the culture.
Life is comradeship and the excitement of the chase.
Life is conditional.
Life is conducted at a leisurely pace.
Life is conflict.
Life is connection.
Life is consciousness latent within the body, and it possesses purposefulness and directiveness.
Life is conservative.
Life is considerably grittier, then, when it's life in an alien grindcore band.
Life is considered sacred.
Life is constant change and television reflects that.
Life is constant change.
Life is constant flow.
Life is constant movement, often from one place to another.
Life is constant pain, constant doctor visits, little joy in anything.
Life is consumed by reports containing meaningless blocks of numbers.
Life is consumed more slowly and more deliberately.
Life is consumption.
Life is contemplated.
Life is contingent, whereas music, natural phenomena and murder by design are absolutes.
Life is continuation of growth from conception until death.
Life is continuity.
Life is continuous and with it comes harmony, ever unfolding.
Life is continuous from one generation to the next.
Life is contradictory.
Life is contrast, and happiness exists only because unhappiness does as well.
Life is convenient enough.
Life is cool.
Life is cooler in the woods, too, under the shade of the forest.
Life is corrupt outside college, too.
Life is cosmic.
Life is costly, care for it.
Life is cramped and inconvenient in Manhattan.
Life is crap.
Life is crazy sometimes.
Life is crazy, and life is tough.
Life is crazy, but it also is double the laughs.
Life is crazy.
Life is created at the union of the egg and sperm.
Life is created through the same force that magnets represent.
Life is creation.
Life is creative.
Life is crowded and their personal space finishes at their physical boundary.
Life is cruel and unfair.
Life is cruel in the third world, and there is no shame in begging.
Life is cruel sometimes.
Life is cruel, life is beautiful, life is hard, life is a precious gift.
Life is cruel.
Life is cruelly full of 'if onlys'.
Life is cumulative.
Life is cut short for two terminally ill teens.
Life is cyclic.
Life is cyclical, a process of growing then dying then growing then dying.
Life is cyclical.
Life is daily.
Life is damn insane.
Life is damned good.
Life is dangerous and unpredictable.
Life is dangerous as is racing.
Life is dangerous enough, they reason, without flirting with ghosts and goblins.
Life is dangerous for a baby alligator.
Life is dangerous, and one of the last places available for world wide free speach is the internet.
Life is dangerous.
Life is dark and brutal struggle, struggle without meaning.
Life is dead.
Life is deaf.
Life is dear to all creatures.
Life is dear to all.
Life is death and death is life.
Life is death to the lost, prisoners to death and bondage.
Life is death without it.
Life is death.
Life is defined by death.
Life is defined in terms of having a spirit, the nephesh.
Life is defined partly by the process of inheritance, which is based on self-replicating molecules.
Life is defined through a set of observable characteristics.
Life is definitely a balancing act.
Life is definitely a growing experience.
Life is definitely complex and full of duality.
Life is definitely interesting.
Life is definitely never dull with seven people living under the same roof.
Life is definitely too short for another boring staff meeting.
Life is definitely too short for that.
Life is definitly interesting in our home.
Life is demented enough as it is.
Life is dependent on the switched voltage, current, and power.
Life is dependent upon heat, which is everywhere present to a greater or lesser degree.
Life is dependent upon love.
Life is depicted as a voyage over a dangerous sea.
Life is designed to be a conquering experience.
Life is designed to be lived right until the end.
Life is designed to cantain exactly everything that happens.
Life is desire.
Life is determined as a totality by sarx or pneuma.
Life is determined by a series of choices, each one building on the one before.
Life is different .
Life is different after a heart attack, but in some ways it can be better than before.
Life is different for a cancer patient in remission.
Life is different for everyone.
Life is different here.
Life is different in Europe.
Life is different in the east coast.
Life is different in the Midwest.
Life is different in the nanoworld.
Life is different now.
Life is different today.
Life is different up here.
Life is different.
Life is difficult .
Life is difficult and brief and bound up with suffering.
Life is difficult and can be bloody and scary.
Life is difficult and complex.
Life is difficult and complicated like mazes at some medieval cathedrals.
Life is difficult and complicated, and so is spiritual leadership.
Life is difficult and hopefully it'll change.
Life is difficult and the path to greatness is paved with frustration.
Life is difficult and unbearable.
Life is difficult and unfair, but also delightful.
Life is difficult as the workers age.
Life is difficult at Chicago because rigor comes without adequate support.
Life is difficult enough without having file names differ from their contents.
Life is difficult enough without suffering losses and setbacks.
Life is difficult enough without that.
Life is difficult enough.
Life is difficult for a working-man in Bangkok.
Life is difficult for many Malawian families.
Life is difficult for many.
Life is difficult for single mothers.
Life is difficult here.
Life is difficult most of the time.
Life is difficult to poor peasants.
Life is difficult to understand.
Life is difficult without Essential services.
Life is difficult without money.
Life is difficult, and strangely, that in itself makes it all the more wonderful.
Life is difficult, but it s difficult for everybody.
Life is difficult, days consumed by the efforts to provide subsistence for their families.
Life is difficult, especially once the war begins.
Life is difficult, happy and sad at differant times and for differant reasons.
Life is difficult, in Vietnam and elsewhere.
Life is difficult, stressful, and sometimes downright depressing.
Life is difficult, yes.
Life is difficult.
Life is diminution.
Life is directed by our thoughts.
Life is disconcertingly difficult and unfair.
Life is discovered, joy is available, hope is available.
Life is discovery.
Life is dismal here and all is ozzy.
Life is diverse.
Life is diversification and adaptation.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Life is divided into three main parts, all dependent upon each other.
Life is divided up into the horrible and the miserable.
Life is divine, spiritual.
Life is divine.
Life is doctrine.
Life is dominated by dissymmetrical actions.
Life is dominated by the simple and basic necessities of food, sleep, sun, and travel.
Life is dominated in every detail by a single, charismatic, all-powerful leader.
Life is doomed in either kind of universe.
Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death .
Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.
Life is drawn here as a half circle.
Life is driven by eros toward the good.
Life is drudgery without eternal hope.
Life is dukkha.
Life is dull without it.
Life is dull without music or the occasional movie.
Life is dull, empty.
Life is durable.
Life is dynamic and changing, and stress is a normal part of it.
Life is dynamic and changing, and stress is a part of it.
Life is dynamic and continually evolving through time.
Life is dynamic and nothing ever stays the same.
Life is dynamic, and, therefore, so are our responses.
Life is dynamic, never static.
Life is dynamic, substance static.
Life is easier and they're more comfortable.
Life is easier for the family if the houses can be built in or near a village.
Life is easier when it's prepaid.
Life is easier when it's simpler.
Life is easier when politics and sexual politics dovetail, when public and private character adhere.
Life is easier with the better trained German troops that can act independently more effectively.
Life is easier without love.
Life is easier.
Life is easiest and most rewarding at a peak.
Life is easy and fun in the shallow end.
Life is easy and good.
Life is easy for no one.
Life is easy here.
Life is easy in the East Mountains.
Life is easy in the suburbs.
Life is easy on a self-drive narrowboat from the UK's premier location.
Life is easy right now.
Life is easy there.
Life is easy until something goes wrong.
Life is easy, inch by inch.
Life is easy, life is simple.
Life is easy.
Life is eaten up by death.
Life is eclectic, no one way of teaching, learning or leading fits all situations.
Life is ecstatic.
Life is education and education is life.
Life is education.
Life is effortless.
Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing .
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing at all.
Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing.
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing .
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing at all.
Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Life is either a daring experience or nothing.
Life is either a discipline, or a most horrid cruelty.
Life is either an adventure or it is nothing.
Life is either black or white and there's no gray zone so as to speak.
Life is either too complicated or brutally simple, but a shovel always works.
Life is elsewhere.
Life is Elsewhere.
Life Is Elsewhere.
Life is elswhere and everything is displaced.
Life is emptied of meaning and the vocation itself is questioned.
Life is empty and survival is the only goal.
Life is empty and there isn t anything more.
Life is empty and void of all purpose.
Life is empty without emotion.
Life is empty without it, there is nothing to replace it with, nothing to look forward to.
Life is empty.
Life is endless and eternal so is love.
Life is endless.
Life is endlessly resourceful in the face of seemingly insurmountable environmental odds.
Life is energized by endurance.
Life is energy from the sun in millions of different shapes that keep changing.
Life is energy, motion, flow.
Life is energy.
Life is energy.
Life is enhanced by discussion.
Life is enlarged, drunk with annihilation, And bitterness is sweet, and the spirit clear.
Life is enough of a gamble as it is, no point in making sucker bets.
Life is enough of a game of chance without asking for trouble.
Life is enough of an education.
Life is enough to make a body wonder.
Life is enough to make one wonder.
Life is enriched by lively exchanges of opinion.
Life is enriched by the pain.
Life is enriched by true friendship.
Life is entropy.
Life is ephemeral and no one knows what lies around the next bend.
Life is ephemeral, time is ephemeral, the work seems to say.
Life is equal to growth.
Life is equally perilous for children in Nevada.
Life is equated to a game with individuals competing to succeed.
Life is equated with prana in Sanskrit.
Life is especially harsh for people in the countryside - the majority of the population.
Life is essential energy force.
Life is essentially a learning experience.
Life is essentially a question of values.
Life is essentially a system of adjustment of oneself to the laws of the universe.
Life is essentially labile.
Life is essentially meaningless, and suffering is the natural condition of living things.
Life is essentially teleological.
Life is essentially very simple.
Life is eternal - believe it.
Life is eternal and learning is a process that can only result by doing, by practicing.
Life is eternal change.
Life is eternal, and love is immortal, and death is only a horizon.
Life is eternal, and of all things quite beautiful.
Life is eternal, perpetual becoming, or it is nothing.
Life Is Eternal, pg.
Life is eternal.
Life is Eternal.
Life is evacuation.
Life is even better.
Life is even bleaker in the benefits arena.
Life is even deeper than blessing, deeper than goodness.
Life is even easier for the modern fan.
Life is even more difficult for young people of color without college degrees.
Life is ever a risk, of course, but one does try to avoid the larger potholes.
Life is ever active.
Life is ever in progress.
Life is ever more and more compact and condensed.
Life is ever on the watch against the incessant onslaughts of invincible death to extinguish it.
Life is ever ready to deal u a blow when it comes to love and matters of the heart.
Life is ever so short.
Life is ever thus.
Life is ever-inventive.
Life is everything living thing from the tiniest organism to the most complex animal.
Life is everything.
Life is everywhere and in everything.
Life is everywhere, but only traces of civilisation remains.
Life is everywhere, in the trees, clouds, rocks, earth, and sky.
Life is everywhere, yet the total silence belies the multitude of wild life that abounds.
Life is everywhere.
Life is evolution.
Life is Evolution.
Life is exactly that, an adventure.
Life is exactly the same thing.
Life is exceedingly improbable.
Life is excellent.
Life is exchanged for survival.
Life is exciting and full of surprises.
Life is exciting here.
Life is exciting right now.
Life is exciting, fulfilling, and wonderful.
Life is exciting, interesting and continuing to improve on a hundred different fronts.
Life is exciting.
Life is existence and change, bearer of death for the sake of the living.
Life is existence
Life is expendable.
Life is experience, and experience is learning.
Life is experience.
Life is experienced in fragments, more like a series of snapshots than a moving picture.
Life is experiment.
Life is explainable from within the world of sense experience.
Life is extended and health is enhanced.
Life is extraordinary, unbelievable, unimaginable, a precious gift.
Life is extreme.
Life is extremely disappointing now.
Life is extremely full.
Life is extremely hard to destroy.
Life is extremely short as it is.
Life is extremely tough when AD is a part of it.
Life is fabulous in gay old London.
Life is fair, though.
Life is fair.
Life is fairly busy in England.
Life is fairly good here by American standards.
Life is fairly good here, work is plentiful, and the family is well.
Life is fairly simple here - there are very few stresses as are known in the cities.
Life is fantastically more complex than anyone ever realized.
Life is fantasy, death is reality.
Life is far different from what soft porn portrays it to be.
Life is far from boring when one can even die for others.
Life is far from easy for birds.
Life is far from perfect and yet completely abundant.
Life is far from perfect is either picture, but the direction of progress is clear.
Life is far from sweet.
Life is far more complex than nonlife.
Life is far more complex.
Life is far more diverse and numerous underground.
Life is far more interesting.
Life is far more subjective than objective, as nurses well know.
Life is far more than skin deep.
Life is far more valuable then a piece of paper that is man made.
Life is far too complex for living by slogans.
Life is far too complex to have developed by natural processes.
Life is far too complex to have resulted from any chance happening.
Life is far too complicated for that.
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk about.
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about it.
Life is far too important to be taken seriously.
Life is far too leisurely.
Life is far too precious to be warlike and hateful.
Life is far too precious to waste on insecurity.
Life is far too short for that.
Life is far too short to be wasted.
Life is far too short to grade up.
Life is far too short to spend any time on the what ifs of life.
Life is far too short to spend in constant worry over relationships.
Life is fascinating.
Life is fast.
Life is faster there, it moves at breakneck speed.
Life is faster today than it has ever been.
Life is faster.
Life is fatal.
Life is fearful.
Life is feeling, sensibility, life is integration.
Life is feelings, loving and being loved.
Life is felt on deep levels rather than observed.
Life is felt through each pulse of the light.
Life is feudal.
Life is Feudal.
Life is filed with meaning and purpose again.
Life is filled up with surprises.
Life is filled with actors.
Life is filled with agents and substances that are both necessary for health and damaging to health.
Life is filled with an uncountable number of graces.
Life is filled with celebrations of all kinds.
Life is filled with challenge, struggle, and achievement.
Life is filled with choices and pathways.
Life is filled with choices, decisions.
Life is filled with choices.
Life is filled with color instead of grayness, joy instead of dullness.
Life is filled with contradictions.
Life is filled with daily struggles in all shapes and sizes.
Life is filled with decisions.
Life is filled with difficult choices.
Life is filled with disappointments.
Life is filled with discovery and, sometimes, discomfort.
Life is filled with endless repetition.
Life is filled with energy and far too much of it is negatively directed.
Life is filled with events and commitments too important to forget.
Life is filled with experiences to write about.
Life is filled with funny things.
Life is filled with goodbyes.
Life is filled with growth and beauty.
Life is filled with hard decisions.
Life is filled with inevitable obstacles.
Life is filled with joys and fears.
Life is filled with long lines and bad weather.
Life is filled with losses.
Life is filled with many fearful circumstances.
Life is filled with many things.
Life is filled with many uncertainties.
Life is filled with meaning.
Life is filled with memories that are precious.
Life is filled with much emotional and physical pain and sorrow.
Life is filled with much uncertainty.
Life is filled with mystery.
Life is filled with narrow borders.
Life is filled with new beginnings, some good, some bad, some just are.
Life is filled with numerous hardships and challenges.
Life is filled with opportunities to be empathic.
Life is filled with pain and hard choices.
Life is filled with people who talk a lot and do very little.
Life is filled with physical, emotional and spiritual ups and downs.
Life is filled with possibility.
Life is filled with problems.
Life is filled with questions.
Life is filled with sexist and racist lies and our books reflect that.
Life is filled with so many arenas in which evaluation of one's performance makes sense.
Life is filled with so many challenges.
Life is filled with so many senseless events.
Life is filled with solids.
Life is filled with sounds.
Life is filled with stress.
Life is filled with surprises.
Life is filled with temptation.
Life is filled with the unexpected, the unsurmountable and the monotonous.
Life is filled with trade-offs.
Life is filled with tragedies.
Life is filled with transitions.
Life is filled with trials and tribulations.
Life is filled with turbulent storms of anger and despair.
Life is filled with turning points.
Life is filled with uncertainties and looking at vintage clothing and thier history is no exception.
Life is filled with uncertainties, dangers, and eventually death.
Life is filled with unexpected emergencies.
Life is filled with unexpected problems.
Life is filled with unpredictable experiences and events.
Life is filled with ups and downs.
Life is filled with waiting.
Life is finally back to normal.
Life is finally pretty much normal.
Life is fine art.
Life is fine here on the outside.
Life is fine here.
Life is fine.
Life is finer and simpler.
Life is finished.
Life is finite.
Life is first a resident of a world of information before being embodied in physical creatures.
Life is first draft.
Life is fits and starts, mostly fits.
Life is fitted around work, and work is shaped around meeting ever-tightening targets.
Life is five years.
Life is flawed, so there.
Life is flexible.
Life is flower that shines, then withers and falls off.
Life is fluid and ambiguous.
Life is fluid and changeable.
Life is fluid beauty, even in tragedy.
Life is fluid, and it always gets better.
Life is food centered.
Life is football.
Life is for action.
Life is for better things.
Life is for celebration, creation and sharing in the wonder of it all.
Life is for each man a solitary cell whose walls are mirrors.
Life is for enjoying so go out and enjoy.
Life is for enjoying.
Life Is For Everyone.
Life is for keeps.
Life is for kissing and for horrid strife.
Life is for laughing, loving, crying, Some reflecting, and then just dying.
Life is for learning. .
Life is for living - food is an essential part of life.
Life is for living and dying well.
Life is for living.
Life is for more than using time to make money.
Life is for one to be happy and kind.
Life is for playing.
Life is for the living at the most beautiful bay on the coast of California.
Life is for the living.
Life Is Forever.
Life is form in time.
Life is formed by death.
Life is formed in harmony, of two things moving as one thing.
Life is forward-deterministic .
Life is found in friendship, love, compassion for all men, none of which money can buy.
Life is found in the gift of service .
Life is found in worship.
Life is found only in loving.
Life is found thousands of meters deep in the ocean, far from the reach of sunlight.
Life is four kinds.
Life is fragile .
Life is fragile and adults all know it.
Life is fragile and dangerous and death is the end.
Life is fragile and delicate, just like our sukah.
Life is fragile and precious.
Life is fragile and sometimes fleeting.
Life is fragile and unpredictable.
Life is fragile but even death and casket companies can have uncertain futures.
Life is fragile, and it can turn on a dime.
Life is fragile, as the saying goes.
Life is fragile, fate is fickle.
Life is fragile, handle with prayer.
Life is fragile, Life is short.
Life is fragile, start with the ice cream, and then take in the beauty.
Life is fragile.
Life is framed by immensities that take our breath away.
Life is frantic.
Life is fraught for young teenagers today.
Life is fraught with hazards.
Life is fraught with wonder - and uncertainty.
Life is free and easy and everyone cares.
Life is free and wonderful.
Life is free of self-consciousness, anxiety, and fear.
Life is free to be manifested or to be unmanifested.
Life is friendship, love, and hate.
Life is from the water, ground, and wind mixed.
Life is fuckin' sweet.
Life is fuedal.
Life is full and busy.
Life is full and good in Austin, Texas.
Life is full and life is good, but life is nevermore overcrowded.
Life is full everything but leisure time - so hobbies have gone out the window.
Life is full of activity, entertainment and multi-tasking.
Life is full of adventures.
Life is full of all kinds of choices and decisions.
Life is full of all kinds of choices.
Life is full of annoying little paradoxes.
Life is full of apparently random dots.
Life is full of battles.
Life is full of beautiful, good and wonderful things.
Life is full of beauty and colours.
Life is full of beauty, of movement, of fun, so let's dance the merengue and smile.
Life is full of better things to do than grocery shopping.
Life is full of big decisions.
Life is full of big stuff, and it hits every family at some point in their lives.
Life is full of bittersweet farewells.
Life is full of blessings and heartaches.
Life is full of blessings when a person likes oneself, and is confident in what they do.
Life is full of both fun and disturbing disappearances.
Life is full of bounty, the Bible says.
Life is full of bumps in the road and black eyes.
Life is full of calamities.
Life is full of censorship.
Life is full of challenge.
Life is full of challenges - some exciting, some daunting.
Life is full of challenges and disappointments.
Life is full of challenges and opportunities.
Life is full of challenges, small as well as great.
Life is full of challenges.
Life is full of chance and risk.
Life is full of chance.
Life is full of change and chance.
Life is full of change and change is one of the constants in life.
Life is full of change, from beginning to end.
Life is full of changes and knowledge beats ignorance every and all days.
Life is full of changes, both planned and unexpected.
Life is full of changes, some planned and some unexpected.
Life is full of changes.
Life is full of choices and decisions, most too complex to put into words.
Life is full of choices and opportunities.
Life is full of choices, both good and bad.
Life is full of choices, but the most important can be easily overlooked.
Life is full of choices, they argue.
Life is full of choices, with many hard to make at times.
Life is full of choices.
Life is full of circumstances, crises, problems.
Life is full of circumstances, crisis, and problems for everybody.
Life is full of clever strategists who sat back.
Life is full of coincidences.
Life is full of collages.
Life is full of comings and goings, beginnings and endings.
Life is full of complexities.
Life is full of compromise.
Life is full of compromises.
Life is full of concepts that are poorly defined.
Life is full of conflict, tension and trouble.
Life is full of conflicts of interest.
Life is full of conflicts.
Life is full of contradiction and paradox.
Life is full of contradictions.
Life is full of contradictory situations.
Life is full of conundrums.
Life is full of criticism, good and bad.
Life is full of curious and meaningful paradoxes.
Life is full of decision points and ambiguity.
Life is full of decisions, sacrifices, and opportunity costs.
Life is full of decisions.
Life is full of defeats, letdowns, denied applications and lost employment.
Life is full of delights, and everyone has their own favourites.
Life is full of demands, needs, responsibilities, persons, and tasks.
Life is full of dichotomies.
Life is full of difficult choices.
Life is full of difficult decisions.
Life is full of disappointments, 'unfair' decisions, and frustrations.
Life is full of disappointments.
Life is full of discouragement and disappointment.
Life is full of dissatisfying, unfulfilling endings.
Life is full of distressing ironies.
Life is full of divided loyalties.
Life is full of doping.
Life is full of doubts.
Life is full of engaging, untold stories.
Life is full of enormous stress.
Life is full of ethical decisions, and using computer technology and networking is no different.
Life is full of events and constraints.
Life is full of events that makes it life.
Life is full of events which are beyond one s control.
Life is full of events, some momentous, others forgettable.
Life is full of exciting challenges.
Life is full of exciting things.
Life is full of experience.
Life is full of experiences and happenings.
Life is full of experiences to explore, like new territory to find and search.
Life is full of experiences, mostly good ones.
Life is full of financial trade-offs.
Life is full of fire.
Life is full of firsts, and so are the movies.
Life is full of flavors.
Life is full of footsteps .
Life is full of frustrations and distractions.
Life is full of frustrations.
Life is full of fun and new beginnings.
Life is full of funny coincidences.
Life is full of golden opportunities carefully disguised as irresolvable problems.
Life is full of goodbyes.
Life is full of gray areas.
Life is full of great stories.
Life is full of great things, like first kisses and chocolate.
Life is full of happy accidents.
Life is full of happy coincidences.
Life is full of hard choices.
Life is full of hard times.
Life is full of hardships.
Life is full of hazards.
Life is full of heart ache and separateness.
Life is full of heartaches.
Life is full of highs and lows, good times and bad times.
Life is full of illusions.
Life is full of important decisions.
Life is full of important lessons.
Life is full of inconsistencies and complications which don t move the plot along.
Life is full of inconsistencies.
Life is full of injustices.
Life is full of interaction.
Life is full of interesting convergences and coincidences.
Life is full of interesting juxtapositions and strange ironies.
Life is full of interruptions.
Life is full of invented significances.
Life is full of ironies.
Life is full of irony.
Life is full of kickers.
Life is full of lessons and teachers.
Life is full of lessons.
Life is full of limitations.
Life is full of links.
Life is full of little ironies.
Life is full of little mysteries.
Life is full of little storms - alone they are too much to handle.
Life is full of little surprises and one never know their next stop.
Life is full of little surprises.
Life is full of little unplanned, unwanted side trips .
Life is full of losses, from birth to the moment of death.
Life is full of lots of things.
Life is full of lynch mobs, and modern life is full of media lynch mobs.
Life is full of magic and beauty and sometimes it takes a dark journey to reinforce that message.
Life is full of many cycles.
Life is full of many demands.
Life is full of many detours.
Life is full of many obstacles, latters to climb, and unpleasant confrontations.
Life is full of many obstacles.
Life is full of many things and many surprises.
Life is full of memories and regrets.
Life is full of milestones, such as marriage, child birth and college graduation.
Life is full of miracles.
Life is full of misfortunes.
Life is full of missed opportunities.
Life is full of misunderstandings.
Life is full of moral decisions and quandaries.
Life is full of moving days.
Life is full of multidimensional possibilities.
Life is full of multiple choices.
Life is full of mysteries.
Life is full of mystery and illusions of what the future can be.
Life is full of nails.
Life is full of natural frustrations.
Life is full of needs and challenges, which, by their very nature, create vacuums to be filled.
Life is full of negative, destructive experiences.
Life is full of new adventures and being a freshman is no different.
Life is full of new sights and changes.
Life is full of newfound meaning.
Life is full of obstacle illusions.
Life is full of obstacles and inconveniences every day.
Life is full of obstacles.
Life is full of odd coin-cidences.
Life is full of opportunities for anyone who sees it as such.
Life is full of opportunities for realizing our insignificance.
Life is full of opportunities, as well as unexpected storms.
Life is full of opportunities.
Life is full of ordinary days full of ordinary things.
Life is full of pain and pleasure.
Life is full of pain.
Life is full of painful situations.
Life is full of perplexities.
Life is full of pitfalls.
Life is full of positive surprises, and they usually come in the most unexpected ways.
Life is full of possibilities at that point.
Life is full of possibilities.
Life is full of precluded possibilities.
Life is full of problems and they can help.
Life is full of problems.
Life is full of promise and optimism.
Life is full of promise, hope and happiness.
Life is full of promise.
Life is full of questions without answers.
Life is full of questions.
Life is full of rejections and opportunities.
Life is full of relationships with all sorts of people.
Life is full of rewards and challenges.
Life is full Of risk and chance.
Life is full of risk.
Life is full of risks, and West Nile now has become one.
Life is full of risks, it's true.
Life is full of risks.
Life is full of roadblocks.
Life is full of seed, through thoughts or in deeds.
Life is full of sexism etc.
Life is full of shocks of all descriptions and they have to be faced.
Life is full of sick people.
Life is full of simple lessons and small insights.
Life is full of simple pleasures like that.
Life is full of simple pleasures that are often overlooked.
Life is full of small delights.
Life is full of small miracles.
Life is full of small risks.
Life is full of small things.
Life is full of so many choices.
Life is full of so many twists and turns and is far too fragile.
Life is full of so many uncertainties.
Life is full of sorrow, from birth to death.
Life is full of sorrow, missed opportunities, and lately, too much chad.
Life is full of sport in the boisterous gaiety of youth.
Life is full of steps.
Life is full of stories.
Life is full of storms, they can be in the form of a great challenge or an unexpected hardship.
Life is FULL of storms.
Life is full of strange twists and turns.
Life is full of stress.
Life is full of struggles and sometimes personal confrontations break out in a fight.
Life is full of stuff that can be good and bad.
Life is full of stunning opportunities.
Life is full of such duality.
Life is full of such experiences.
Life is full of such turning points, both large and small.
Life is full of such unexplainable events.
Life is full of suffering .
Life is full of suffering.
Life is full of surprises, heartaches and fun.
Life is full of surprises, some good, some bad.
Life is full of surprises.
Life is full of terrible things.
Life is full of the ridiculous, and children have a knack for seeing it everywhere.
Life is full of the unexpected.
Life is full of things that exercise thee, and make thee strong.
Life is full of things to learn.
Life is full of times of stretching and reaching followed by brief periods of resting.
Life is full of tough decisions.
Life is full of trade offs.
Life is full of trade-offs.
Life is full of tradeoffs.
Life is full of tragedy and loss and suffering and sorrow.
Life is full of tragic situations.
Life is full of transition.
Life is full of transitions, starting with our own births.
Life is full of transitions.
Life is full of trials, but it's also full of excitement, and fun, and green grapes and chocolate.
Life is full of twists and turns, Of hard times and fiery burns.
Life is full of twists and turns.
Life is full of unavoidable risks, there is no such thing as certaintity.
Life is full of uncertainties, but death is certain.
Life is full of uncertainties.
Life is full of uncertainty and hazards.
Life is full of uncertainty.
Life is full of unexpected and unpleasant moments.
Life is full of unexpected changes.
Life is full of unexpected events and set-backs.
Life is full of unexpected events that can create large financial losses.
Life is full of unexpected twists and turns.
Life is full of unexpected up and downs but even in down times things can be up.
Life is full of unique coincidences.
Life is full of unplanned obstacles, distractions, and temptations.
Life is full of unplanned, uncontrollable events.
Life is full of unpredictability.
Life is full of unsolvable problems.
Life is full of upheavals and upsets in domestic and professional affairs.
Life is full of ups and downs, joy and pain.
Life is full of ups and downs.
Life is full of variety, yet everything has a function.
Life is full of wins and losses.
Life is full of wonder, love is never wrong.
Life is full of wonderful mysteries and meaningful coincidences.
Life is full of wonderful surprises.
Life is full of wonders and mysteries.
Life is full of yummy goodness.
Life is full on the mission field.
Life is full or important decisions to be made, and unexpected difficulties to overcome.
Life is full, and interesting.
Life is full.
Life Is Full.
Life is fully enjoyable despite spinal cord injury.
Life is fully enjoyable when suffering a spinal cord injury.
Life is fully of funny twists and turns.
Life is fully of little ironies.
Life is fun . . .
Life is fun again.
Life is fun and full of surprises.
Life is fun around here, it's busy and exciting but it is fun.
Life is fun for everyone.
Life is fun here.
Life is fun sometimes.
Life is fun, but unpredictable in Russia.
Life is fun, just because it's living.
Life is fun, life is a game.
Life is fun.
Life is fundamentally G ood.
Life is fundamentally uncertain.
Life is fundamentally unfair.
Life is funny sometimes.
Life is funny that way.
Life is funny, and sometimes bizarre.
Life is funny, in a morbid sort of way.
Life is funny, ironic and full of twists.
Life is funny, though.
Life is funny.
Life is futile.
Life is fuzzy, requiring a softer approach to numbers.
Life is gained by faith.
Life is general information.
Life is generally good, they agree.
Life is generally pretty good.
Life is generally uninteresting and holds no meaning.
Life is generally very hectic in America.
Life is generally very unhurried for orang-utans.
Life is genetic and epigenetic.
Life is gentler in the hills.
Life is genuinely different as eclipses approach, and then never quite returns to normal.
Life is genuinely good.
Life is gifts.
Life is given an idyllic, humane touch and everything is shrouded in simplicity and primitiveness.
Life is given for a reason, but, it seems like it is just taken for granted.
Life is given free and so many things some intend to become.
Life is given moral significance.
Life is given with difficulty.
Life is given.
Life is gnarly, dude.
Life is go living off the tax payers dime.
Life is goddamn sweet, sometimes.
Life is golf.
Life is gone.
Life is good . . .
Life is good .
Life is Good .
Life Is Good .
Life is good about covers it.
Life is good again, but different.
Life is good again.
Life is good all over again.
Life is good and all is well.
Life is good and awfully busy.
Life is good and bad and out of sight.
Life is good and death is good.
Life is good and full suspension makes it much nicer.
Life is good and getting better daily.
Life is good and getting better.
Life is good and it is worth the effort to enjoy it to the fullest.
Life is good and life is impossible.
Life is good and prepared.
Life is good and rich with things worthwhile and things to enjoy.
Life is good and the family is healthy.
Life is good and tomorrow is a new day.
Life is good and worth living.
Life is good at Brigand's Bend, with everything included except clocks and hassles.
Life is good at that moment.
Life is good at the casa.
Life is good at the top .
Life is good back at home.
Life is good but busy, as usual.
Life is good exactly the way it is.
Life is good except for one small problem.
Life is good for only two things, discovering mathematics and teaching mathematics.
Life is good for the former head coach of our male sheep.
Life is good for the golden rider.
Life is good for the most part.
Life is good for the senior from Lexington, Kentucky.
Life is good for the sheep.
Life is good for two things, learning mathematics and teaching mathematics.
Life is good from a worldly perspective in our time.
Life is good here in America and is getting better by the day.
Life is good here in New England.
Life is good here in north Palm Beach County, hi hi.
Life is good here.
Life is good if the dog in the house is placed socially under the human family members.
Life is good in a lot of very specific ways.
Life is good in America.
Life is good in Boston.
Life is good in business school.
Life is good in Caldwell County.
Life is good in Carroll County.
Life is good in Central California.
Life is good in Chicago, and it's only going to get better.
Life is good in Florida.
Life is good in many respects for all people.
Life is good in many ways.
Life is good in Oregon.
Life is good in other ways, too.
Life is good in Portland, Maine.
Life is good in Seminole.
Life is good in Southern California.
Life is good in the Big Ten.
Life is good in the fastest sport wagon in America.
Life is good in the land down under.
Life is good in the midwest.
Life is good in the morning.
Life is good in the New Jersey suburbs.
Life is good in the south, warm seasons, nice beaches, and lots of exciting world wide travel.
Life is good in Toronto.
Life is good in Twilight Junction.
Life is good indeed.
Life is good now after only six months of group.
Life is good now and the memories of camp and the lifelong friends are a big part of that.
Life is good now, but survival in the music business can be tough.
Life is good now.
Life is good on the mountain.
Life is good on the Susquehanna River.
Life is good on the trail.
Life is good once again.
Life is good once more.
Life is good only if the kind of life one leads is a worthwhile one.
Life is good right now.
Life is good so far and there is always room for improvement.
Life is good sometimes.
Life is good then.
Life is good today.
Life is good underwater.
Life is good until the king dies and disaster threatens the city.
Life is good when one can encounter life.
Life is good where grits are swallered.
Life is good, and always has been.
Life is good, and getting better.
Life is good, and it gets better.
Life is good, and it seems that nothing can go wrong.
Life is good, and it's getting better all the time.
Life is good, and nobody's looking forward to redeployment.
Life is good, and school sucks. . .
Life is good, and so are our prospects.
Life is good, and their love is strong.
Life is good, and too short to put off the fun stuff.
Life is good, awake.
Life is good, but oh so much better when shared.
Life is good, even better when it has a little love in it - even warm puppy love.
Life is good, even when it sucks.
Life is good, except for being in debt to the max.
Life is good, for now.
Life is good, full of fun and things to learn.
Life is good, Get into it.
Life is good, here.
Life is good, hope everyone is happy and living well.
Life is good, huh.
Life is good, just as it is.
Life is good, life is blessed.
Life is good, life is good.
Life is good, music is flowing, jah is good.
Life is good, now make it grand.
Life is good, on the other hand qualifies death as a function of the process of living.
Life is good, retirement is the best part.
Life is good, the future is just around the corner, and the past is waiting to be discovered.
Life is good, they make it better.
Life is good, too good sometimes.
Life is good, until one day a billion passenger pigeons move in down the block.
Life is good, until that damn war with the British starts fouling things up on the homefront.
Life is good, very good.
Life is good, work is good.
Life Is Good'.
Life is good.
Life is Good.
Life Is Good.
Life is good.
Life is goooood .
Life IS goooood.
Life is gooooood.
Life is governed by a multitude of forces.
Life is grand in the hands of the fans.
Life is grand today.
Life is grand.
Life IS grand.
Life is grasped in phenomenological reflection.
Life is grass, stunningly brief, but abundant in so many ways.
Life is great . . .
Life is great .
Life is great and getting better each day.
Life is great at Blue Springs Marina in the fall.
Life is great down here.
Life is great here . . .
Life is great here in Florida.
Life is great here in northeastern Connecticut.
Life is great here.
Life is great right now, busy and hectic, but wonderful.
Life is great rolling wheel, moving on.
Life is great so go for it.
Life is great, but entertainment makes it that much more worth the living.
Life is great.
Life is Great.
Life is green again.
Life is grim, hard, and hopeless.
Life is grim.
Life is grossly unfair.
Life is grown, in much the same way that an acorn becomes an oak tree.
Life is growth in all senses.
Life is growth.
Life is handed to everyone in different ways.
Life is hand-made paper .
Life is happiness, success and different fears.
Life is happy.
Life is hard - hope is crucial.
Life is hard .
Life is Hard .
Life is hard and brutal in their world.
Life is hard and cruel.
Life is hard and everybody has their own set of challenges to deal with.
Life is hard and frequently unfair.
Life is hard and hostile for the jobless and homeless.
Life is hard and loving others makes it more easy to endure.
Life is hard and sorrowful but it's also fun and sweet.
Life is hard and the goal is to get through it.
Life is hard and they are looking for help.
Life is hard and troublesome.
Life is hard and water precious.
Life is hard as a lab animal.
Life is hard because basic necessities are difficult to acquire.
Life is hard between the tide marks on the rocky shore.
Life is hard but beautiful, too.
Life is hard but happiness comes in the form of a friend.
Life is hard but life growing up is even harder.
Life is hard enough already.
Life is hard enough as it is.
Life is hard enough for young fashion designers.
Life is hard enough without a little laughter.
Life is hard enough without adding a handicap.
Life is hard enough without adding more to it.
Life is hard enough without getting sick.
Life is hard enough without such mental gymnastics of the imagination.
Life is hard enough without the problems caused by bad statistical advice.
Life is hard enough without trying to prove everyone else wrong.
Life is hard enough, just to live.
Life is hard enough.
Life is hard for a new team.
Life is hard for both humans and androids.
Life is hard for everyone who prowls the streets.
Life is hard for everyone, and excuses are easy enough to offer for failure.
Life is hard for everyone, granted.
Life is hard for fathers, mothers and children.
Life is hard for many female scientists at top universities.
Life is hard for people without a safe place to sleep.
Life is hard for some kids.
Life is hard for some, that's a fact.
Life is hard for the colonists.
Life is hard for the independent scholar.
Life is hard for the most of Roma.
Life is hard for the sisters, but they are protected by their stern yet loving parents .
Life is hard here, and it requires maturity that is acquired quite young.
Life is hard here, especially in winter when the seas are rough and snowfalls are heavy.
Life is hard here.
Life is hard in a shack on the Canadian prairie.
Life is hard in Kazakhstan.
Life is hard in the business world.
Life is Hard in the Mountains.
Life is hard it is.
Life is hard much of the time.
Life is hard now days.
Life is hard on the planet for everybody.
Life is hard on the road under the best of circumstances.
Life is hard prov.
Life is hard sometimes.
Life is hard there.
Life is hard up here, especially in winter.
Life is hard work and frustration with little or no satisfaction.
Life is hard work and persistence.
Life is hard work.
Life is hard, a daily fight for survival.
Life is hard, and any kind of choice that is made has repercussions.
Life is hard, and hunger gnaws at the kitten.
Life is hard, and it can help to have a few illusions.
Life is hard, and that much harder out away from a caring family.
Life is hard, being born is hard.
Life is hard, but it can be satisfying.
Life is hard, but it's getting better.
Life is hard, but that's what makes life so challenging.
Life is hard, dear.
Life is hard, man.
Life is hard, more than hard.
Life is hard, no one makes it out alive.
Life is hard, sometimes unfair.
Life is hard, son.
Life is hard.
Life is Hard.
Life is harder for mammals.
Life is harder in general.
Life is harder still for gay folk.
Life is hardship, but above all, life is hope.
Life is harmony.
Life is harsh and unrelenting, where only the fittest survive.
Life is harsh in the wild.
Life is harsh on the human heart.
Life is harsh, and it takes harsh words to accurately describe it.
Life is harsh, and the only response to it is forbearance and stoic acceptance.
Life is harsh, and there are always going to be people with undeserved success and adulation.
Life is hazy after that.
Life is health, love.
Life is health.
Life is heavy to say the least.
Life is heavy.
Life is hectic and things change all the time.
Life is hectic and unsettled.
Life is hectic but great.
Life is hectic enough without making it more so.
Life is hectic for every member of the family.
Life is hectic now, but there are still children out there who aren t getting help.
Life is hectic, and getting more so.
Life is hectic, but fun.
Life is hectic, but good.
Life is hectic, with little time to catch breath.
Life is hectic.
Life is hell all over.
Life is hell in the world of international production.
Life is hell sometimes.
Life is hell,'' or something about the wages of sin.
Life is hell.
Life is here and now.
Life is here because of water.
Life is here to be had.
Life is here.
Life is heredity plus environment.
Life is hieroglyphics that only poets can read.
Life is highly improbable.
Life is highly organized.
Life is hilarious.
Life is holy, a picture of eternal quality, and a string of existence that lasts forever.
Life is holy, and the journey is Now.
Life is home here in the Everglades.
Life is honest here and good.
Life is hope and aspiration.
Life is hope and joy and eager anticipation.
Life is hope.
Life is hopeful.
Life is hopeless.
Life is hot here.
Life is how the time goes by.
Life is human conduct, and the thoughts and emotions that grow up around it.
Life is hyper-textualised and so is accordingly knowledge.
Life is icky at times.
Life is illogical.
Life is immeasurably better when effort yields results.
Life is imperfect and sometimes circumstances keep kids and fathers from living near each other.
Life is imperfect.
Life is imperfection, impermanence, emptiness.
Life is impossible without stresses.
Life is impossible.
Life is improved on a gradient.
Life is improved.
Life is in a continual cycle of death and rebirth.
Life is in a gentle breath of wind.
Life is in abundance.
Life is in balance.
Life is in color.
Life is in constant change .
Life is in context.
Life is in danger of death in our contemporary culture of facts and figures.
Life is in embryo.
Life is in every deed, every living being.
Life is in general a very good learning experience.
Life is in general pretty good.
Life is in order.
Life is in the air.
Life Is In The Balance.
Life is in the blood.
Life is in the business of capturing energy and transferring that energy into chemistry.
Life is in the details.
Life is in the Details.
Life is in the name.
Life is in the spaces between.
Life is in the streets and walk, walk, walk.
Life is in the transitions.
Life is in total sharing for family growth.
Life is inconsistent.
Life is inconvenience.
Life is inconvenient.
Life is incredibly diverse.
Life is incredibly full.
Life is incredibly surrealistic.
Life is indeed a beautiful journey.
Life is indeed a crazy quilt made of patches.
Life is indeed a dance.
Life is indeed a riddle.
Life is indeed a series of accommodations.
Life is indeed beautiful.
Life is indeed fragile.
Life is indeed frail.
Life is indeed good for the IT worker.
Life is indeed good.
Life is indeed interesting here on the edge of high-tech medicine.
Life is indeed religious.
Life is indeed short, make the best out of it.
Life is indeed strange.
Life is indeed sweet.
Life is indeed very impermanent.
Life is indeed worth living, and that s the fundamental truth proclaimed by the pro-life movement.
Life is indeed, great.
Life is indefinite departure.
Life is indescribably beautiful.
Life is inevitable in space.
Life is inevitable.
Life is infinite.
Life is infinitely better when lived by faith.
Life is infinitely creative and indeterminate.
Life is infinitely more complex than rock formations.
Life is infinitely more interesting because it's more different, more various.
Life is infinitely precious.
Life is infinitely worth cherishing.
Life is information that carries bahavior.
Life is informative.
Life is inherent in the electron and the cell -both the physical and biological.
Life is inherently ephemeral.
Life is inherently interesting, and always stranger than fiction.
Life is inherently risky.
Life is inherently unfair.
Life is initiated through a combination of accident, birth or mutation.
Life is insecure enough.
Life is insecure.
Life is instant, and living takes so very very long.
Life is intelligence.
Life is intelligent action, movements guided by intelligence.
Life is intelligent action.
Life is intention in itself.
Life is interaction with surrounding elements, responding to environmental changes.
Life is interactive.
Life is interconnected.
Life is interesting enough as it is without clouding the mind and poisoning the body.
Life is interesting in Pope County.
Life is interesting when school starts.
Life is interesting with bluebirds.
Life is interesting, here's news from the net.
Life is interesting.
Life is interrelated.
Life is interrupted as emergencies begin to abound across our globe.
Life is intoxication enough, but a pretty little flask never hurt.
Life is intrinsically wild and slippery.
Life is invaluable but overlooked because it's right there in plain sight and taken for granted.
Life is involved with observing our universe.
Life is ironic.
Life is irreversible.
Life is is all about choices.
Life is jokes.
Life is journey.
Life is journeys.
Life is joy and bliss.
Life is joy and pain and boredom and panic and uncertainty and pride and love and death.
Life is joy ascending to bliss and eternal peace.
Life is joy, and spirit and lust and disgust and hatred.
Life is joy, life is problems and life is change.
Life is joy, sadness sorrow.
Life is joyful interrogation, any answer is blasphemy.
Life is just a big party.
Life is just a bowl of cherries so live and laugh at it all.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, but sometimes it's the pits.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, So live and laugh at it all.
Life is just a bowl of cherries.
Life is just a bowl of pits.
Life is just a brief flash in the eternity of time.
Life is just a brief moment in time.
Life is just a collection of random events strung together in an arbitrary temporal order.
Life is just a cosmic joke . . .
Life is just a dream on the way to death.
Life Is Just A Fantasy .
Life is just a game.
Life is just a little different in the Pine Barrens.
Life is just a long series of mishaps, only one of which is fatal.
Life is just a masquerade.
Life is just a one of the many patterns of reality.
Life is just a path.
Life is just a puzzle, Whose pieces always fit.
Life is just a ride.
Life is just a series of attempts.
Life is just a series of challenges.
Life is just a series of greater roles to play, with greater responsibilities and risks.
Life is just a series of meaningless events between battles.
Life is just about figuring it all out.
Life is just about perfect around here.
Life is just an f in lie.
Life is just as good.
Life is just bytes and bytes and bytes or digital information.
Life is just different in so many subtle ways.
Life is just for living.
Life is just full of decisions.
Life is just full of hard choices.
Life is just full of surprises.
Life is just fun.
Life is just funny that way.
Life is just funny.
Life is just good sometimes.
Life is just great.
Life is just hard.
Life is just harder for girls who are bigger than their friends.
Life is just hell.
Life is just like a bar.
Life is just like a cloud appearing in the sky.
Life is just like a rose.
Life is just like breathing.
Life is just like in the movies.
Life is just like that, almost.
Life is just like that.
Life is just more pleasant and more convenient here.
Life is just one big contest to see who can exaggerate the most about being the busiest.
Life is just one big game.
Life is just one big nap.
Life is just one big paradox.
Life is just one big senseless, randomly postmodern fog.
Life is just one big sexual competition.
Life is just one bomb plot after another, culminating in a high comedy duel.
Life is just one damn thing after another.
Life is just one damned thing after another. . .
Life is just one damned thing after another.
Life is just one damned thing after the other.
Life is just one fucking thing after another.
Life is just one gut-wrenching anxiety problem after another .
Life is just one gut-wrenching anxiety problem after another.
Life is just one long anecdote waiting to be told.
Life is just one nonsequitor after catfish.
Life is just one non-sequitur after a fishtank.
Life is just one problem after another.
Life is just principles of chemistry in action.
Life IS just so daily.
Life is just so damn complicated.
Life is just so hard when one is counting calories.
Life is just so much more pleasant.
Life is just sooo interesting.
Life is just temporal and fleeting.
Life is just that little bit easier now.
Life is just the long, long day.
Life is just the shortlived faint flame of a match.
Life is just the twisted hell in between.
Life is just the way life is.
Life is just too complicated and our measures are far from perfect.
Life is just too complicated at times.
Life is just too complicated to be smart all the time .
Life is just too complicated.
Life is just too damn short for some things.
Life is just too damn short.
Life is just too damned short.
Life is just too different.
Life is just too exciting.
Life is just too fast.
Life is just too hard.
Life is just too mundane.
Life is just too painful.
Life is just too precious to even think of giving it up.
Life is just too precious.
Life is just too short for a car nut.
Life is just too short for that.
Life is just too short to do drudgery everyday.
Life is just too short to hide our own souls in a dark closet.
Life is just too short to sit through one more marketing presentation.
Life is just too short to waste three days.
Life is just too short.
Life is just top short to be stuck behind a computer all the time.
Life is just unfair.
Life is just.
Life is justice - the striving for justice.
Life is key.
Life is kind of a daze at the moment.
Life is kind of funny.
Life is kind of unpredictable that way.
Life is kinda back to normal.
Life is kinda cool sometimes.
Life is kinda odd right now.
Life is known empirically or by intuition, rather than by concepts and logical inference.
Life is known to exist on the surface and in the uppermost soil layers.
Life Is Large .
Life is largely a matter of expectation.
Life is larger than our models of life.
Life is larger than our possessions.
Life is less based on materialism and more on spiritualism.
Life is less confusing that way.
Life is less hectic.
Life is less prolific.
Life is less serious and problematical, more spontaneous and fun.
Life is less simple for Ireland, Italy and Norway.
Life is Life .
Life is Life is Life is a challenge - meet it.
Life is life is life is life.
Life is Life is To reset form.
Life is life, and business is business, and reality is reality, and religion is religion.
Life is life, and one lives it.
Life is life, fight for it.
Life is life, whether it's wrapped in skin, scales, or feathers.
Life is life.
Life is Life.
Life is life's greatest gift.
Life is lifted to the heroic plane and death becomes a glad adventure.
Life is light.
Life is like a bad soap opera, but it's just a rerun.
Life is like a bank account.
Life is like a B-grade movie.
Life is like a bicycle.
Life is like a big school.
Life is like a blanket too short.
Life is like a boat on the surface of the river.
Life is like a book.
Life is like a bouquet of dead flowers.
Life is like a bowl of cherries, it's the pits.
Life is like a bowl of cherries.
Life is like a bowl of chocolates . . .
Life is like a bowl of dough.
Life is like a bowl of similies.
Life is like a box of choclates.
Life is like a box of chocolates .
Life is like a box of chocolates, a cheap, thoughtless, perfunctory gift that nobody ever asked for.
Life is like a box of chocolates, it s all sweet, just watch out for the nuts.
Life is like a box of chocolates, there are always one or two coconut ones noone wants to eat.
Life is like a box of chocolates.
Life is like a box of chocoloates, a cheap, thoughtless, perfunctory gift no one ever asks for.
Life is like a box of giblets.
Life is like a box of rockets .
Life is like a branch.
Life is like a broken fucking record.
Life is like a broken mirror.
Life is like a bunch of crap, 'cause ya never know when ur gonna slip on it.
Life is like a cactus.
Life is like a camping trip where everything has gone wrong.
Life is like a carnival ride.
Life is like a chemical system, in which equilibrium is never reached.
Life is like a chess game in which every move affects the other.
Life is like a clay pot, Revealing true emptiness when shattered.
Life is like a clouded sky bleak in every way.
Life is like a coin.
Life is like a cookie.
Life is like a cross-country train trip.
Life is like a dance, filled with constantly changing rhythms and relationships.
Life is like a dance.
Life is like a diamond.
Life is like a dog sled team.
Life is like a dogsled team.
Life is like a dog-sled team.
Life is like a dragnet.
Life is like a dream, ephemeral and fleeting.
Life is like a drop of dew on a blade of grass.
Life is like a DVD box set.
Life is like a dyin' ember and only memories remain.
Life is like a fan.
Life is like a film.
Life is like a finger, pointing away to the moon.
Life is like a floating cloud which appears, death is like a floating cloud which disappears.
Life is like a floating cloud which appears.
Life is like a flowchart, sometimes.
Life is like a galaxy.
Life is like a game of cards.
Life is like a game of syzygy.
Life is like a game of tennis.
Life is like a goldfish bowl, a shimmering realm of images.
Life is like a grammar lesson.
Life is like a grapefruit.
Life is like a highway.
Life is like a jigsaw puzzle.
Life is like a journey on a train.
Life is like a journey.
Life is like a jumble sale.
Life is like a ladder.
Life is like a lamp, and food like oil.
Life is like a landscape.
Life is like a large transport truck loaded with many packages.
Life is like a library owned by an author.
Life is like a lime or a lemon.
Life is like a long green wall.
Life is like a magic.
Life is like a marathon.
Life is like a masquerade.
Life is like a mountain railroad, With an engineer so brave.
Life is like a mountain with all the peaks and valleys.
Life is like a movie because, like a movie, life is an illusion of continuity.
Life is like a moving vehicle with no brakes.
Life is like a new plant waiting for the flowers.
Life is like a number line that is open on one end and closed at the other.
Life is like a party.
Life is like a patchwork quilt.
Life is like a piano.
Life is like a piece of music.
Life is like a pizza.
Life is like a play on a stage.
Life is like a play.
Life is like a poem to be composed or a canvas to be painted.
Life is like a poker hand.
Life is like a prick.
Life is like a puzzle.
Life is like a race.
Life is like a river, composed of streams and whorls.
Life is like a river.
Life is like a road that has many winding streets that branch off into new directions.
Life is like a road which involves many decisions.
Life is like a rock falling into a pool of water.
Life is like a roll of toilet paper.
Life is like a rose.
Life is like a run-on sentence.
Life is like a script with lots of empty boxes.
Life is like a series of lamp posts.
Life is like a sewer.
Life is like a shit sandwhich, and every day is another bite.
Life is like a shit sandwich.
Life is like a simile.
Life is like a snowflake.
Life is like a soap bubble.
Life is like a spider web.
Life is like a stage.
Life is like a straw, it sucks.
Life is like a stroll down a somewhat hazardous sidewalk.
Life is like a tangle of multicolored yarn.
Life is like a taxi.
Life is like a teacup.
Life is like a ten speed bicycle.
Life is like a ten speed bike.
Life is like a tennis ball.
Life is like a ten-speed bicycle.
Life is like a tin of sardines.
Life is like a trail, and every journey begins with a single step.
Life is like a vacuum cleaner, it sucks.
Life is like a vapor that appears for a little time and then vanishes away.
Life is like a vast grassland with many rivers flowing through it.
Life is like a vodka martini.
Life is like a voyage that is homeward bound.
Life is like a wheel and each major area is like a spoke.
Life is like a winding pathway.
Life is like an airplane, it takes off and lands, each time with a different destination.
Life is like an airplane.
Life is like an apple, one way on the outside and another, quite different, on the inside.
Life is like an education.
Life is like an eternal dance.
Life is like an ice cream cone.
Life is like an investment.
Life is like an onion, which one peels crying.
Life is like an onion.
Life is like assembling a jigsaw puzzle without the picture that came on the box.
Life is like baseball.
Life is like bein' on a mule team.
Life is like being carried down a swiftly flowing stream.
Life is like buying a new car, it's customizable.
Life is like climbing a mountain during a blizzard.
Life is like eating the cucumber.
Life is like going to the gym.
Life is like growing up.
Life is like hanging in a branch of a tree on a huge rock.
Life is like invading Russia.
Life is like Latin.
Life is like laughing with a cracked rib.
Life is like learning to ride a bicycle.
Life is like living on a deserted island.
Life is like lumpy gravy.
Life is like making a movie.
Life is like mowing.
Life is like nothing, because it is everything.
Life is like one long string of fishing expeditions.
Life is like photography .
Life is like photography.
Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Life is like playing the solo violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Life is like playing the violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.
Life is like riding a bicycle.
Life is like running a rack of nine ball.
Life is like skydiving, it is a short ride up and down.
Life is like stepping into a boat that is about to sail out to sea and sink.
Life is like stepping onto a boat which is about to sail out to sea and sink.
Life is like that for some.
Life is like that in a monastery that continues to grow.
Life is like that in Jerusalem, the holy and unholy are mixed together.
Life is like that sometimes.
Life is like that too.
Life is like that, always supplying thorns with the roses.
Life is like that, too.
Life is like that.
Life is like the down escalator.
Life is like the game of golf.
Life is like the Internet, both are an adventure worth every ounce of energy.
Life is like the seasons of nature.
Life is like the Super Bowl game.
Life is like the tide.
Life is like time.
Life is like unto a long journey with a heavy burden.
Life is like Vegas, always play the odds.
Life is like walking through the fire.
Life is like watching football.
Life is like wrestling a gorilla.
Life is like zest for people who do their very best.
Life is likened to the flow of a river.
Life is limited on exterior applications.
Life is limited.
Life is limitless, at any size.
Life is limitless.
Life is little, love is all.
Life is livable as long as there is a flicker of hope.
Life is lived as a series of mood swings.
Life is lived as a soap opera, from a charismatic point of view.
Life is lived at a fast pace and is competitive.
Life is lived at a fast pace.
Life is lived best one day at a time.
Life is lived both according to the memory of the flash and in the dimness of the aftermath.
Life is lived by beliefs.
Life is lived by faith.
Life is lived forward and understood backwards.
Life is lived forwards, but understood backwards.
Life is lived going forward, but understood looking backward.
Life is lived in abundance.
Life is lived in community and in relationships.
Life is lived in many more dimensions than one.
Life is lived in shades of gray.
Life is lived in small increments, moment by moment.
Life is lived in the moment.
Life is lived in the outdoor cafes, tapas bars, and vast array of restaurants throughout the city.
Life is lived in the pain.
Life is lived in the present.
Life is lived in the small things and in the routine things.
Life is lived in the valleys.
Life is lived indoors much of the time in winter.
Life is lived looking forward.
Life is lived minute by minute.
Life is lived moment by moment.
Life is lived on the continuum between good and bad, right and wrong, light and dark.
Life is lived one day at a time, everyday, day after day.
Life is lived only once.
Life is lived out on the water, plugging leaks and caring for each other.
Life is lived superficially.
Life is lived with the ordinary and with little things.
Life is loaded with surprises, few pleasant.
Life is local.
Life is located in earth.
Life is located in universes.
Life is lonelier.
Life is lonely and that is simply that.
Life is lonely at the top.
Life is long and most mistakes are correctable.
Life is long and women can achieve many things.
Life is long and work is great, but so is running at night and stopping in at the chapel.
Life is long, and along that way, love gets lost.
Life is long, indeed forever, as far as the living are concerned.
Life is long, so enjoy being a parent now.
Life is long, terribly long.
Life is long.
Life is loopy enough without following sno-go trails that wander all over the map.
Life is loss, it seems to say.
Life is Lost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Life is lost at finding itself all alone.
Life is lousy.
Life is love - enjoy it.
Life is love .
Life is love and compassion.
Life is love and everything that contradicts it.
Life is Love, and Love is Eternity.
Life is love, enjoy it.
Life is love, share it.
Life is love.
Life is lovely.
Life is luck, make it Life is costly, care for it.
Life is luck, make it.
Life is lumpy.
Life is lust.
Life is mad eof such stages.
Life is made all the more pleasant with the constant support of peers, parents and teachers.
Life is made better.
Life is made for aspiration and for manifesting the impossible.
Life is made of choice.
Life is made of choices.
Life is made of different phases-the earth, the ground, the garden.
Life is made of dreams.
Life is made of effort.
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together.
Life is made of joy and sorrow.
Life is made of memory.
Life is made of subtleties which reason knows nothing of.
Life is made of suffering because people are tortured by desire.
Life is Made To Be Enjoyed.
Life is made to enjoy.
Life is made to share.
Life is made to yield more than it used to yield, and yet life lasts longer and youth lasts longer.
Life is made up of a collection of moments.
Life is made up of a great number of small events and a small number of great events.
Life is made up of a variety of emotions.
Life is made up of an infinitude of moments.
Life is made up of building blocks.
Life is made up of choices.
Life is made up of cycles within cycles within cycles within cycles.
Life is made up of defining moments.
Life is made up of experiences and opportunities built upon each other.
Life is made up of hurts and conflicts, which arise daily in our personal relationships.
Life is made up of interruptions.
Life is made up of lies.
Life is made up of little tests.
Life is made up of little things.
Life is made up of many choices.
Life is made up of marble and mud.
Life is made up of opportunities and challenges.
Life is made up of people and places, activities and goals, days and years.
Life is made up of pleasures and of obligations.
Life is made up of precious moments.
Life is made up of relationships.
Life is made up of small journeys within the larger odyssey.
Life is made up of small pleasures.
Life is made up of sobs, sniffles and smiles, with sniffles predominating.
Life is made up of successes and failures.
Life is made up of troubles.
Life is magazines.
Life is magic and synchronistic.
Life is magic when it includes baking bread.
Life is magic.
Life is magical and unreal.
Life is manifest in four distinct states of existence.
Life is man's most important asset.
Life is many different aspects of daily living.
Life is marked by important events.
Life is matter that evolves.
Life is meals.
Life is meaningful only on account of struggle.
Life is meaningful to the extent that it is purposeful.
Life is meaningful.
Life is meaningless in the absence of consciousness or intelligence.
Life is meaningless, purposeless, and unintelligent.
Life is meaningless, there is no purpose for man's existence.
Life is meaningless, unless there is something worth dying for.
Life is meaningless.
Life is meant for fun.
Life is meant for higher purposes.
Life is meant for learning and growth.
Life is meant to be a blast, to use a colloquialism.
Life is meant to be enjoyed and cherished.
Life is meant to be enjoyed.
Life is meant to be experienced now .
Life is meant to be experienced, and experiences to be learned from.
Life is meant to be free, joyful, beautiful and peaceful.
Life is meant to be fun after all.
Life is meant to be joyful and laughed through.
Life is meant to be joyful, exciting and uplifting.
Life is meant to be lived and enjoyed right now.
Life is meant to be lived full out.
Life is meant to be lived in a sense of joy.
Life is meant to be lived in freedom.
Life is meant to be lived in love instead of fear.
Life is meant to be lived to it's fullest.
Life is meant to be lived.
Life is meant to be savored and enjoyed.
Life is meant to be shared.
Life is meant to be simple and joyful.
Life is meant to be spent in abundance.
Life is measured by material gains and losses.
Life is measured by the rapidity of change, the succession of influences that modify the being.
Life is measured in living.
Life is measured in terms of success, money, prestige or pleasures of body and mind.
Life is mechanical.
Life is medical, social, legal, religious, etc.
Life is meditation.
Life is mellow, like ketchup on french fries.
Life is merely a consequence of the physical laws which determine the nature of the universe.
Life is merely a game to be won or lost, to seek to become one's own hero.
Life is merely a series of punishments, and they can only beg for more.
Life is merely energy condensed.
Life is messy like that.
Life is messy while children are learning to clean up.
Life is messy, and erros and exceptions occur.
Life is messy, and full of unpleasantness.
Life is messy.
Life is metabolism.
Life is mildly stressful.
Life is mindless, purposeless, random, absurd.
Life is miserable already.
Life is miserable and painful to endure.
Life is miserable in the jungle.
Life is miserable no matter what.
Life is miserable.
Life is mixed but on the whole better than before.
Life is moderately work-dominated.
Life is monotonous that's a fact.
Life is monotonous, and often dangerous.
Life is more and more and better yet Life is never, never lose that bet.
Life is more certain than uncertain.
Life is more circumstance than pomp.
Life is more colorful now.
Life is more complex than just doing what is right.
Life is more complex than that.
Life is more complex than the harried journalist's first impression.
Life is more complex.
Life is more complicated in multi-electron atoms.
Life is more complicated now.
Life is more complicated than that, and politics ought to be, too.
Life is more complicated than that.
Life is more complicated.
Life is more confusing and values are more uncertain than ever.
Life is more difficult for our generation than it was for our fathers.
Life is more difficult to cope with as a result.
Life is more dynamic and more satisfying.
Life is more enjoyable with someone else.
Life is more exciting.
Life is more exhilarating now.
Life is more expensive than it ever was during the war.
Life is more for people than things.
Life is more fulfilling for people who remain active in old age.
Life is more fulfilling if people remain active in old age.
Life is more fun that way.
Life is more fundamental and interrelated in China.
Life is more happy.
Life is more important than a baseball game.
Life is more important than food and the body more important than clothing.
Life is more important than food, and the body more important than clothes.
Life is more important than money.
Life is more important than power.
Life is more important than show business.
Life is more important than the issue of race.
Life is more important that football.
Life is more interesting, more fulfilling, and more productive.
Life is more laid back, everything seems greener and more gentle.
Life is more lament than joy, more rage than love.
Life is more leisurely and decidedly European in North Beach.
Life is more like a box of cereal.
Life is more like a tree, continually branching, continually pruned by extinction.
Life is more like hypertext than it is linear.
Life is more nuanced than that.
Life is more of a struggle.
Life is more of an adventure now.
Life is more personal.
Life is more pleasurable, real, direct, and lived in the moment.
Life is more precious because death can be waiting around any corner, at any time.
Life is more precious now.
Life is more rewarding for people who do improved, compatible implementations of old ones.
Life is more robust than that, brother.
Life is more satisfying when it is based on balance and trustworthiness.
Life is more settled now.
Life is more settled.
Life is more solemn that death, to live is more serious than to die.
Life is more spontaneous, fresh and exciting.
Life is more stable and hope emerges.
Life is more stable, though there is a gnawing concern about the health of the economy.
Life is more structured.
Life is more stupid than fiction.
Life is more technological, computerized, and competitive than ever before.
Life is more than a credit transaction.
Life is more than a few years spent on self-indulgence or career advancement.
Life is more than a free market gambling casino.
Life is more than a mere physical existence.
Life is more than a succession of bare facts.
Life is more than a two week vacation once a year.
Life is more than an abundance of things.
Life is more than being a fat blob on a couch.
Life is more than being shrewd in passive wealth accumulation.
Life is more than being shrewd in wealth accumulation.
Life is more than biology.
Life is more than brick and mortar.
Life is more than chemical reactions, even in animals.
Life is more than controlling .
Life is more than doing.
Life is more than existance.
Life is more than fancy cars and fancy houses.
Life is more than food and drink, or striving to obtain.
Life is more than food and the body more than clothing . . . .
Life is more than food and the body more than clothing.
Life is more than food or clothing.
Life is more than food, and the body is more than clothes.
Life is more than food, and the body is more than clothing.
Life is more than food, and the body more than clothes.
Life is more than food, and the body more than clothing.
Life is more than food.
Life is more than fun.
Life is more than good.
Life is more than just avoiding problems.
Life is more than just being changed into a baby.
Life is more than just taking or receiving.
Life is more than just trying to make money.
Life is more than meat and the body more than raiment.
Life is more than meat, and the body than raiment.
Life is more than nursing.
Life is more than only being born.
Life is more than possessions.
Life is more than sitting at a computer keyboard.
Life is more than that.
Life is more than the accumulation of years.
Life is more than understanding.
Life is more then pink elephants.
Life is more, much more, complicated.
Life is more, though, than just defining characteristics.
Life is most enjoyable when serendipitous.
Life is most precious and dear.
Life is mostly for pleasure.
Life is mostly froth and bubble, Two things stand like stone.
Life is mostly mundane, softened with the miraculous.
Life is motion and a reduction of the optimal motion is always a decrease in the quality of life.
Life is motion.
Life is motivation.
Life is movement.
Life is much better now.
Life is much better.
Life is much busier now.
Life is much easier around here.
Life is much easier for everyone.
Life is much easier here, more complete.
Life is much easier now for percussionists hauling large instruments around the building.
Life is much easier now.
Life is much easier to bear when it has meaning.
Life is much easier when it is full of joy.
Life is much easier when people go out of there way to get along with others.
Life is much easier when there are two taking care of a sick toddler.
Life is much easier with Hummingbird.
Life is much easier with the computer.
Life is much easier, and clearer, when in balance.
Life is much easier.
Life is much harder, there are more questions - and more work.
Life is much larger than just a committee.
Life is much less a competitive struggle for survival than a triumph of cooperation and creativity.
Life is much less simple for large organisations.
Life is much like a frontier.
Life is much like the sea and the beach they tended.
Life is much like the two horses.
Life is much more complex.
Life is much more enjoyable now.
Life is much more enjoyable.
Life is much more fun being patient than impatient.
Life is much more important than death.
Life is much more important than that.
Life is much more interesting when things are unplanned.
Life is much more normal.
Life is much more of a marathon than a sprint.
Life is much more precious now.
Life is much more relaxed here and there are plenty of very nice sights and wildlife such as.
Life is much more simple.
Life is much more than a sum of our biological parts.
Life is much more than just doing a job.
Life is much more that just doing a job.
Life is much more tranquil that way.
Life is much quieter in academia than in the boiling world of the newsroom.
Life is much richer when love and understanding exist as a bond between humans and animals.
Life is much rougher now, and many citizens struggle just to survive.
Life is much simpler.
Life is much slower.
Life is much sunnier now.
Life is much the same way.
Life is much the same.
Life is much to important to be taken seriously.
Life is much too complex for quick fixes.
Life is much too complex today for simplistic solutions.
Life is much too difficult to be serious all the time.
Life is much too important to be taken seriously.
Life is much too interesting and complicated to fit within a simple guiding principle.
Life is much too large to be expressed in the terms of a single passion.
Life is much too messy and ambiguous to be controlled and understood through formulas.
Life is much too short and time is so precious.
Life is much too short to have it any other way.
Life is much too short to suffer at the hands of insufferable people.
Life is much too short to waste on misery.
Life is multicellular at every level.
Life is multidimensional, and so is extreme poverty.
Life is multifaceted and therefore needs to be viewed from all sides.
Life is mundane.
Life is music.
Life is mutual aid.
Life is mysterious and sacred.
Life is mysterious and sweet.
Life is mysterious.
Life is mystery that death alone can solve.
Life is mystery, know it.
Life is mystical.
Life is nasty, bruitish and short.
Life is natural and joyous.
Life is naturally full of joy, pleasure, and abundance of good things.
Life is nature and animals and humans.
Life is neat, centered and just so.
Life is necessarily the union of intelligence and matter.
Life is needed to produce soil .
Life is negotiable.
Life is neither a tragedy nor a farce.
Life is neither all gaiety, nor all gloom.
Life is neither fair nor easy.
Life is neither fair nor unfair, it is only unexpected.
Life is neutral.
Life is never a one-way street where all good things are programmed to flow our way.
Life is never a straight line.
Life is never all joy or all sorrow.
Life is never always easy.
Life is never clean and tidy, and midlife can be an espescially messy time.
Life is never convenient.
Life is never cookie cutter perfect.
Life is never dull around Promoters.
Life is never dull here.
Life is never dull on the river.
Life is never dull when they are around.
Life is never dull with a large family.
Life is never dull.
Life is never easy and is never happy all of the time.
Life is never easy and it is most important to have mentors and a support structure.
Life is never easy for a left-handed guitarist, even a successful one.
Life is never easy for the independent producer.
Life is never easy for the people who live near drug houses.
Life is never easy street.
Life is never easy, it can change in a instance, a flash.
Life is never easy.
Life is never fair.
Life is never free of pain and suffering.
Life is never long enough, is it.
Life is never perfect.
Life is never quite the way it appears, but is always filled with light and color.
Life is never quite the way it appears, but it is always filled with light and color.
Life is never simple.
Life is never static.
Life is never straightforward.
Life is never that easy.
Life is never that neat, however.
Life is never that simple.
Life is never the same after a betrayal.
Life is never the same again.
Life is never the same two minutes in a row.
Life is never to be taken lightly.
Life is never what it ought to be.
Life is new every moment.
Life is nice.
Life is nicer here.
Life is no accident after all.
Life is no accident.
Life is no argument.
Life is no bed of roses.
Life is no better now than at the turn of the last millennium.
Life is no bowl of cherries.
Life is no cartoon.
Life is no children's play.
Life is no different than the example of eating the cucumber.
Life is no different.
Life is no dress rehearsal.
Life is no easier for the girl whose internal clock is on the slow side.
Life is no fun without playtime.
Life is no guarantee.
Life is no less demanding nor complex than a car.
Life is no longer a bunch of badly clipped sprites and flat levels.
Life is no longer a party.
Life is no longer a sacred thing, it is a dispensable thing.
Life is no longer clear.
Life is no longer easy, but it has developed in texture.
Life is no longer just about paid employment.
Life is no longer just school and exams.
Life is no longer merely survival, but growth and thriving.
Life is no longer normal.
Life is no longer possible when the sun is concealed behind the clouds.
Life is no longer simple but complex.
Life is no longer simple.
Life is no longer sunny or fun.
Life is no longer the moral option-death is.
Life is no longer totally dependent on youth, eyesight, coordination, bravery, etc.
Life is no longer worth living.
Life is no respector of anything but openness.
Life is no time to be practical.
Life is no tragedy.
Life is no version of living.
Life is noise.
Life is noisy and bright, death is silent and dark.
Life is normal again.
Life is normal once again.
Life is normal there.
Life is normal.
Life is nothing but a big hoax.
Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim.
Life is nothing but a long string of reindeer games.
Life is nothing but a pilfered animal.
Life is nothing but a tough act to follow.
Life is nothing but a vicious cycle.
Life is nothing but an animated form of death.
Life is nothing but constant change, and it's never going to stop.
Life is nothing but facts and promises all bound in new activities and excitment.
Life is nothing but obstacles and trials.
Life is nothing but suffering and enduring fortune's unfair blows.
Life is nothing more than a schoolyard bully.
Life is nothing more than a series of tasks.
Life is nothing more than a series of transitions.
Life is nothing more than opportunity.
Life is nothing more than solving problems.
Life is nothing more than the pursuit of stories worth telling to children.
Life is nothing to play with and is short.
Life is nothing until it is lived.
Life is nothing without a grin.
Life is nothing without friendship.
Life is nothing without it.
Life is nothing without love.
Life is nothing without pain.
Life is nothing without trivia, but nothing in life is trivial.
Life is nothing.
Life is Now and Yet to Come .
Life is now available in stores and retailers nationwide.
Life is now available with cinnamon flavour.
Life is now better for workers because employers' greed has been tamed.
Life is now good.
Life is now like a dream, interrupted only by sharp momentary pain.
Life is now meaningless.
Life is now minority, the world another hell.
Life is now officially unfair.
Life is now officially.
Life is now officialy unfair.
Life is now too wasteful and loud.
Life is now.
Life is objective and transcends the knowing subject.
Life is obstinate and clings closest where it is most hated.
Life is obviously in the eyes of the beholder.
Life is odd, get over it.
Life is odd.
Life is of a different order of complexity to the non-living.
Life is of another kind.
Life is of no value as long as society is divided into half.
Life is of reasonable contentment fairly smooth career path, good health and enjoyable life-style.
Life is of the mind and in the mind.
Life is officially unfair.
Life is often a matter of choices.
Life is often cruel, and sometimes it plays tricks.
Life is often difficult at best living in a health care facility.
Life is often difficult.
Life is often good.
Life is often hard.
Life is often short, brutish and extremely unpleasant.
Life is often terribly unfair.
Life is often the greatest spiritual guide.
Life is often tough.
Life is often uncomfortable.
Life is often very difficult and painful.
Life is ok.
Life is on a much slower pace, yet offers many of the big city luxuries.
Life is on a time line that never stops.
Life is on the outside of the tomb.
Life is on the upswing yet again.
Life is on the whole rather messy and complex.
Life is once again a sentence of self-defense.
Life is one big ash heap of wasted weeks and years.
Life is one big competition.
Life is one big contest, To see whom can come out ahead.
Life is one big experiment.
Life is one big learning experience.
Life is one big lesson.
Life is one big miracle.
Life is one big seminar.
Life is one continuous chain of negotiations.
Life is one crisis after another.
Life is one curve after another.
Life is one dodge after another - cars, taxes, and responsibilities.
Life is one form of cellular automata that creates spectacular patterns.
Life is one huge runway even when tracking a possible murderer.
Life is one indivisible whole.
Life is one kind of cellular automaton.
Life is one lesson after another and every day is an adventure.
Life is one long challenge.
Life is one long heady blend of negotiation and the results of negotiations.
Life is one long journey.
Life is one long nasty weather itself.
Life is one long process of getting tired.
Life is one long session, after all.
Life is one long weekend.
Life is one matter, but growth is another.
Life is one of balance.
Life is one thing.
Life is one.
Life is One.
Life is oneindivisible whole.
Life is only a dream.
Life is only a lie - it is a dream.
Life is only a narrow isthmus between the boundless oceans of two eternities.
Life is only extrinsically valuable, valuable as a means to a life worth living.
Life is only for love.
Life is only good and certain right now if one is at the top.
Life is only illusion and appearence.
Life is only metaphysical.
Life is only now.
Life is only occasionally there to be simply lived.
Life is only one damn thing after another.
Life is only one instant of consciousness.
Life is only possible here because it maintains suitable conditions to sustain itself.
Life is only really worthwhile if it is lived fully.
Life is only the physical awareness.
Life is only truly lived when it is lived in front of the public eye.
Life is open-cockpit good again.
Life is opportunity take it.
Life is opportunity.
Life is ordered and so are ends and means that deal with it.
Life is organic.
Life is organization.
Life is organized b.
Life is organized on a hierarchy of structural levels b.
Life is organized on a hierarchy of structural levels.
Life is organized on many structural levels.
Life is oscillation and vibration.
Life is our comforter.
Life is our cry.
Life is our freedom of choice as a lesson.
Life is our joy and happiness.
Life is our most precious gift.
Life is our only opportunity to influence, for good or ill, what goes on on earth.
Life is our own creation.
Life is our rehearsal.
Life is out death.
Life is out of balance now.
Life is out of control or overwhelming.
Life is out of control.
Life is out there, waiting.
Life is outrageous, and death is part of life.
Life is outside More and more jobs are being created outside the downtown core.
Life is over in a single breath, and at the heart of it is nothing more than a pile of garbage.
Life is over.
Life is overrated.
Life is packed with joy, successes, and honours.
Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic.
Life is pain, get used to it.
Life is pain.
Life is painful and it's joyful.
Life is painful.
Life IS painful.
Life is paradoxical out here, as it is both easy and difficult at the same time.
Life is part bliss and part blisters.
Life is part of nature.
Life is particularly tough for large predators.
Life is peaceful aboard.
Life is peaceful all around.
Life is peaceful here without being too isolating.
Life is peaceful on a farm, which is one good reason to escape the rat-race of the city.
Life is peaceful.
Life is peachy.
Life is peculiar.
Life is people.
Life is perfect - v.g.
Life is perfect as it is.
Life is perfect.
Life is perfectly boring until an explosion rocks the factory.
Life is perfectly imperfect.
Life is perhaps toughest on the children.
Life is perilous for a sungrazer.
Life is perilous for a tiny hatchling sea turtle.
Life is permanent change, or the ability to change.
Life is permanent transformation by organic processes.
Life is persistent.
Life is personal.
Life is perverse and life is full of grace.
Life is perverse in an uncountable number of ways.
Life is physical, mental, and spiritual experiences that make up existence.
Life is picky.
Life is placid, but flows to more deliberate destinies in Sweden.
Life is placid.
Life is plain, simple, and boring.
Life is planned around time, but time is an inconsistent resource.
Life is planned.
Life is play.
Life is played for keeps.
Life is played on a grid of square cells.
Life is played on an arbitrary-sized grid of square cells.
Life is pleasant on the farm, although the animals have various problems.
Life is pleasant.
Life is plentiful in the universe, and eerily tenacious.
Life is pluralism, distinctness, transformation.
Life is plurality, death is uniformity.
Life is poison and everyone has to drink it.
Life is political.
Life is poor host grabbing guest who came swirling great pleated sheets wrapping the stars .
Life is portrayed as disposable.
Life is positive again.
Life is possessed by animal, plant, and insect.
Life is possible only with continual suffering and toil.
Life is possible there.
Life is possible without the demands of technology.
Life is postponed until some later date.
Life is power.
Life is powerful precisely because it keeps the limits of fantasy clearly in view.
Life is powerful, and life is intelligent .
Life is practice.
Life is precarious life is fragile like that.
Life is precarious, precious and unknown.
Life is precarious.
Life is precious - make the best of it.
Life is precious ALL life.
Life is precious and beautiful.
Life is precious and can have meaning.
Life is precious and fragile.
Life is precious and in a blink of a eye it can all change.
Life is precious and it's wise to cling to it tenaciously.
Life is precious and life is now.
Life is precious and short.
Life is precious and there is no justification for excuses when the evidence is proven.
Life is precious and time is a key element.
Life is precious and too often it is too short.
Life is precious and unpredictable.
Life is precious and valuable.
Life is precious because there is so little of it.
Life is precious for everyone, so live and let live and share the water.
Life is precious from the very beginning to the very end.
Life is precious however stressful.
Life is precious to the living, no matter how seemingly insignificant.
Life is precious, but a six-pack can be replaced.
Life is precious, life goes on, life is one long quote ending in the final period.
Life is precious, so take care of it.
Life is precious, there's much to do.
Life is precious, whether it is unique to Earth or abundant throughout the stars.
Life is precious, with vast possibilities, limitless horizons.
Life is precious.
Life is preposterous enough.
Life is present in lesser quantity than non-living matter.
Life is presented as a game of golf.
Life is pretty bad here.
Life is pretty boring if everything is understood.
Life is pretty boring.
Life is pretty crazy around here.
Life is pretty dull in the small town of Great Bear Heart.
Life is pretty fulfilling now.
Life is pretty funny.
Life is pretty good all around.
Life is pretty good despite that.
Life is pretty good here in Maine, if cold.
Life is pretty good now, so let the fun begin.
Life is pretty good now.
Life is pretty good right now.
Life is pretty good today.
Life is pretty good.
Life is pretty great.
Life is pretty hectic.
Life is pretty lousy sometimes.
Life is pretty much back to normal now.
Life is pretty much back to normal.
Life is pretty much downhill after the baby stage.
Life is pretty much like driving a car.
Life is pretty random.
Life is pretty serious business.
Life is pretty simple.
Life is pretty slow here.
Life is pretty strange.
Life is pretty tough.
Life is pretty unpredictable.
Life is priced too high.
Life is primitive in Tanzania.
Life is primitive.
Life is probable, complex life improbable.
Life is probably a struggle in every town.
Life is problematic.
Life is process.
Life is profoundly complex and there are many contradictions.
Life is profoundly mysterious, and the passing of the years offer no solution.
Life is profoundly mysterious, and the passing of the years offers no solution.
Life is progress.
Life is properly listed first, for the right to life is the ultimate unalienable right.
Life is proportional to the degree of carburization.
Life is public and eternal.
Life is punctuated by all too many moments of defeat and despair.
Life is quality.
Life is quiet and good.
Life is quiet during the low summer season but thrives during the high season.
Life is quiet here.
Life is quiet today in Pollard.
Life is quiet, most of the time.
Life is quiet, tranquil and always refreshing.
Life is quiet.
Life is quieter here.
Life is quirky.
Life is quite complex.
Life is quite different now.
Life is quite different than what it use to be.
Life is quite enjoyable.
Life is quite impossible without numbers.
Life is quite safe in the Kampala area.
Life is quite stressful, on both the weird front and the consensus front.
Life is quite unpredictable.
Life is random, no meaning, just chaos.
Life is random, no sanctity.
Life is random, stuff happens for no purpose.
Life is random.
Life is rare, and no other type of material reproduces itself.
Life is rare, take advantage of the situation.
Life is rare.
Life is raw.
Life is ready to explode anew.
Life is real good.
Life is real sound.
Life is real, and death is the illusion.
Life is real, and is earnest, and it is full of duties to be performed.
Life is real, complicated, and without many answers.
Life is real, life is earnest.
Life is real, life is uncertain, life is inevitably unsafe.
Life is real, so let's enjoy the day.
Life is real.
Life is realized in the smallest of beginnings.
Life is really a Be-In.
Life is really a game, a play.
Life is really a one-way trip and the tickle to the heart is the wish to reach the past.
Life is really a series of hurdles.
Life is really about self-actualization.
Life is really about trials and errors.
Life is really an education.
Life is really busy with work and then school starts tomorrow.
Life is really different up here.
Life is really good, thanks.
Life is really good.
Life is really great now.
Life is really great.
Life is really just a game.
Life is really like a cafeteria.
Life is really long.
Life is really more about letting go of things than of grasping more and more.
Life is really no different.
Life is really part of the fabric of a planet like Earth.
Life is really something to celebrate and rejoice in.
Life is really strange down here in the Middle East.
Life is really strange sometimes.
Life is really valuable and beautiful.
Life is really very good.
Life is really very simple, it is only the attempts to communicate it that make it seem complex.
Life is really very simple.
Life is really wonderful.
Life is really worth living.
Life is reduced to a banal, shortsighted level of meaningless dullness and triviality.
Life is reduced to a constant search for food.
Life is reduced to a linear, discrete, meaningless, and demeaning measure.
Life is reduced to challenges on the level of going to the bathroom.
Life is reduced to eat, sleep, and play.
Life is reduced to footnotes on the weather.
Life is reduced to survival .
Life is reflected in art.
Life is rejection and pain and loss.
Life is relational, contex- tual.
Life is relational, contextual.
Life is relational.
Life is relationship and life is action in relationship.
Life is relationship.
Life is relationships.
Life is relative to death.
Life is relative.
Life is relentlessly short.
Life is reluctant to change anything.
Life is renewed . .
Life is renewed across the land.
Life is renewed through the continual laying down of life.
Life is renewed through the death of the One who broke the chains of death and now lives forever.
Life is renewed.
Life is rent with absurdity, incongruity and foolishness.
Life is reproduction, mutation, and selection.
Life is required for the enjoyment of all other rights .
Life is resourceful.
Life is responsible for oxygen in the atmosphere.
Life is restless and outgoing.
Life is restored a little.
Life is restored the most.
Life is restored.
Life is resumed.
Life is resurgent and insurgent.
Life is rewarding simply as it is and everything is worthy of our attention.
Life is rhythm.
Life is rich and full here.
Life is rich and full.
Life is rich and varied, and our journals open up when they become reflections of our lives.
Life is rich here, endlessly varied and sometimes confusing.
Life is rich here.
Life is rich in opportunities for larger and more intelligent kindliness.
Life is rich in terminology.
Life is rich with meaning, magic and purpose.
Life is rich.
Life is richer for meeting new people and making new friends.
Life is richer than non-life, society richer than biology.
Life is ridiculous.
Life is rife with evocative moments, large and small, which create powerful feelings.
Life is right in any case.
Life is risk taking, and life is learning to socialize with other people.
Life is risk, toots.
Life is risk.
Life is risky anyway, so seek out the risks that bring the greatest rewards.
Life is risky, but it's worth living.
Life is risky.
Life is robust, determined and aggressive.
Life is role playing.
Life is romantic.
Life is rough .
Life is rough and isolated here compared to the affluent south.
Life is rough at a gaming company.
Life is rough for a dog in Maine.
Life is rough for a ferret on the street wanting some love hoping to eat.
Life is rough for a poor medical student.
Life is rough for tomcats.
Life is rough sometimes, being a pioneer in the digital age.
Life is rough, and life is short.
Life is rough.
Life is routine now.
Life is routine, but safe.
Life is routine, even monotonous many times.
Life is ruin and the environment is slightly illed and tired.
Life is ruin and the environment is slightly illed.
Life is running on, death goes with it.
Life is sacred . . .
Life is sacred .
Life is sacred after birth, too.
Life is sacred and it is wrong whenever it is unjustly taken.
Life is sacred and so with our body.
Life is sacred and the right of all to live without forceful intervention is fundamental.
Life is sacred and to be cherished.
Life is sacred, and the act of abortion is tantamount to murder.
Life is sacred, especially human life.
Life is sacred, interrelated and interdependent.
Life is sacred, that is to say, it is the supreme value, to which all other values are subordinate.
Life is sacred, whoring is sacred, so all whores are sacred whores, from one perspective.
Life is sacred, yes, but so are the rights of every American citizen.
Life is sacred.
Life is sad.
Life is safe here.
Life is said to be a school of probability.
Life is sales.
Life is same way.
Life is savage.
Life is scarce at the extremes of the biosphere a.
Life is scary enough.
Life is scary.
Life is school, and school is life.
Life is schools.
Life is scraped off the sidewalk like dog dirt.
Life is screwy that way.
Life is secure.
Life is seen again as beautiful and worth living.
Life is seen as a continuum of conception to death.
Life is seen as a party, or glorified event.
Life is seen as beginning at conception.
Life is seen as fundamentally absurd.
Life is seen in flashes, and the reader has a good deal to do.
Life is self explanatory.
Life is self-expression, intricate organized polarity.
Life is self-organizing.
Life is self-propagating and evolves in adaptation to the exigencies of the physical world.
Life is semi-good.
Life is semi-normal.
Life is sensation and feeling.
Life is senseless without math.
Life is serious and our task is great.
Life is serious business, and frivolity destroys meaning.
Life is serious business.
Life is serious, solid, heavy.
Life is service.
Life is several billion years old.
Life is sexual.
Life is shaped by the evolution of the universe.
Life is shit, and sometimes it smells a little bit better.
Life is shit.
Life is shore cruel.
Life is short - just do it .
Life is short - run as much as possible.
Life is short , softball fun.
Life is short . . .
Life is short and a career is even shorter.
Life is short and art is long, the occasion fleeting, experience fallacious and judgement difficult.
Life is short and books are many.
Life is short and brutal for a baby fish.
Life is short and can be tremendous.
Life is short and death is long.
Life is short and eternity hastens.
Life is short and eternity is long.
Life is short and fragile.
Life is short and frail.
Life is short and full of blisters.
Life is short and genealogy is long as the saying goes.
Life is short and getting shorter with each passing day.
Life is short and hard in poor countries.
Life is short and hard like a bodybuilding elf.
Life is short and hard, like a body building midget.
Life is short and love is always over in the morning.
Life is short and miserable, and then it's over.
Life is short and often hard.
Life is short and our memory is fragile.
Life is short and oysters are one of life's great pleasures.
Life is short and people are going to enjoy.
Life is short and precious.
Life is short and sweet.
Life is short and the art long.
Life is short and the cognitive division of labour exceedingly large.
Life is short and the good times are fleeting.
Life is short and the path is often unclear.
Life is short and the road is long.
Life is short and there are millions of things to do.
Life is short and there are very few comforts.
Life is short and they have a lot of things to do.
Life is short and time is swift.
Life is short and uncertain, there are no guarantees.
Life is short and unemployment is low.
Life is short and unpredictable . .
Life is short as it is.
Life is short at best.
Life is short b.
Life is short but a smile takes barely a second.
Life is short but Art is long.
Life is short but sweet for certain.
Life is short but the human soul lives for eternity.
Life is short -come and explore.
Life is short enough as it is.
Life is short enough without getting bent out of shape about it.
Life is short enough without having to go through it in a gloomy mood.
Life is short enough.
Life is short even if nothing happens to abbreviate it further.
Life is short for all and they seek to make it shorter still.
Life is short for most species.
Life is short here for trees lacking a firm attachment.
Life is short here on earth.
Life is short in our technology.
Life is short in the tropics.
Life is short indeed.
Life is short live it up in every way possible.
Life is short on good times, long on longing.
Life is short so enjoy it to the fullest.
Life is short so enjoy it, be ever so thankful and try to do good.
Life is short so go for it attitude.
Life is short so make the best of it.
Life is short so make the most of it.
Life is short so value every moment.
Life is short, and all else about it besides the brevity is only adornment, elaboration, detail.
Life is short, and having a way to play is important.
Life is short, and life is complicated.
Life is short, and our print schedule is crowded.
Life is short, and there are many birds.
Life is short, and too much time spent on hard work is poorly spent.
Life is short, and truth is truth.
Life is short, art endures.
Life is short, art is long, and success is very far away.
Life is short, art is long, occasion fleeting, attempt perilous, and judgement difficult.
Life is short, art is long, occasion sudden, experiment dangerous, judgment difficult.
Life is short, art is long, opportunity fleeting, experiment dangerous, judgement difficult.
Life is short, art is long, opportunity fleeting, experimenting dangerous, reasoning difficult.
Life is short, art is long.
Life is short, boys.
Life is short, but broad.
Life is short, but childhood is even shorter.
Life is short, but eternity is endless.
Life is short, but precious.
Life is short, but snakes are long.
Life is short, but wide.
Life is Short, but Wide.
Life is short, don t waste it, come surf for ten days on a true safari to wherever the swell is.
Life is short, eat dessert first.
Life is short, hard, cruel, and painful for nearly every living thing.
Life is short, just want to make the most out of it.
Life is short, live a little.
Life is Short, Live it to the fullest degree possible.
Life is short, live it up.
Life is short, live it well.
Life is short, Make it sweet . ' '. ' ' . . .
Life is short, order dessert first, appetizers, pizza, entrees, or just cocktails.
Life is short, play hard.
Life is short, race hard, race fast.
Life is short, shorter as each day comes and goes.
Life is short, so do what u want to now, and dont wait for ever.
Life is short, so eat dessert first.
Life is short, so enjoy it to the fullest.
Life is short, so enjoy the ride.
Life is short, so fill it with the unmatched charm and fragrance of roses.
Life is short, so get over it.
Life is short, so give it a try.
Life is short, so let s get to what s important.
Life is short, So live for today.
Life is short, so live it to the fullest for the least amount of money out of pocket.
Life is short, so make the most of it.
Life is short, so play hard.
Life is short, so what does that mean.
Life is short, take each day as it comes.
Life is short, the art long, opportunity fleeting, experience trecherous, judgment difficult.
Life is short, the world is small.
Life is short, use time well.
Life is short, work there.
Life is short.
Life is Short.
Life is shown as a green line around the clock face.
Life is shown as pointless.
Life is Significant, and Life is Short.
Life is significant.
Life is silly like that.
Life is similar.
Life is simple again.
Life is simple and complex.
Life is simple and hard.
Life is simple and the simple thing is the right thing.
Life is simple and uncomplicated.
Life is simple compared to that of a mother and father.
Life is simple for the remaining inhabitants.
Life is simple if the domain is the database, or all the data administered by a given server.
Life is simple in Egypt, but living is hard.
Life is simple in the beginning.
Life is simple in the burg.
Life is simple in the highland village.
Life is simple yet very complex.
Life is simple, for now.
Life is simple, so let's be honest about it.
Life is simple.
Life is simpler and more manageable, even if much more is required in the way of effort than before.
Life is simpler for Netscape users.
Life is simpler here and a lot more relaxed.
Life is simpler here.
Life is simpler today.
Life is simpler, healthier and more enjoyable as a non-smoker.
Life is simpler, if less secure, if all of the usernames and passwords are the same.
Life is simpler.
Life is simplified by making assumptions.
Life is simply a large-scale game of networking.
Life is simply a miracle and living is the process of maximizing the miraculous experience.
Life is simply a pilgrimage and journey towards death.
Life is simply a pilgrimage toward death.
Life is simply a series of ongoing choices.
Life is simply matter that evolves.
Life is simply more complicated, and wonderful, than that.
Life is simply the predecessor of death.
Life is simply the way it is.
Life is simply too compartmentalized for most people.
Life is simply too hard.
Life is simply too hectic at the moment.
Life is simply too short for such aggravations.
Life is simply too short to be lived in the past.
Life is singular.
Life is skittles and life is beer.
Life is skittles, And life is beer.
Life is slick and bright and noisy, but there's a softness here, a crumbling behind the gloss.
Life is sloppy that way.
Life is slow and deliberate.
Life is slow and hot.
Life is slow and leisurely with strong ties to the land.
Life is slow here.
Life is slow on the Internet.
Life is slow there, and the fishing is dying.
Life is slow.
Life is slower here.
Life is slower in the desert.
Life is slower than normal here.
Life is slower, more laid back, over there.
Life is slower, savored more fully, close to nature.
Life is slowly, but surely getting back on track.
Life is smoother and richer in many ways.
Life is so . . .
Life is so beautiful when it is kept simple.
Life is so beautiful when it's kept simple.
Life is so beautiful.
Life is so bleak for women in Iran.
Life is so boring here without someone to cuddle up to.
Life is so boring, that's why there's nothing to post about.
Life is so brief that no man can afford to lose a day.
Life is so brief.
Life is so busy and sometimes our diets suffer because of it.
Life is so busy it all runs into shadows of grey to light.
Life is so casual now, in comparison.
Life is so challenging now.
Life is so chaotic and surprising that peace is a real blessing.
Life is so chaotic that policemen are empowered to pass sentence on criminals on the spot.
Life is so closely and so intimately connected.
Life is so complex and so old that scientists have had trouble deciding exactly what life is.
Life is so complicated at times.
Life is so complicated.
Life is so confusing now.
Life is so crazy.
Life is so crowded and prayer takes time.
Life is so cruel.
Life is so damn complicated.
Life is so damn cruel.
Life is so delicate, enjoy every second.
Life is so demanding.
Life is so dependant on water.
Life is so different for women today.
Life is so different here in America.
Life is so different here.
Life is so different in Australia compared with America.
Life is so different up here.
Life is so different.
Life is so difficult here.
Life is so dismal when one is chronically exhausted.
Life is so dull without little pink mingo moments.
Life is so dynamic and so unpredictable.
Life is so easy.
Life is so empty.
Life is so entertaining, sometimes.
Life is so exciting now a days.
Life is so exciting.
Life is so expensive now.
Life is so fast and changes so rapid that many people are finding it hard to cope.
Life is so finite, no problem is too large.
Life is so fragile over so quickly.
Life is so fragile, a beautiful flower in a windstorm.
Life is so fragile, death is so final.
Life is so freaking grueling sometimes.
Life is so frustrating.
Life is so fucking good.
Life is so full of constant daily pressures that getting everything done seems impossible.
Life is so full of intensity, of moments, of stories.
Life is so full of little irritations.
Life is so full of opportunities to grow and learn.
Life is so full of stuff to think about, stuff happening.
Life is so full of tension, random danger and chaos, it is totally unpredictable.
Life is so full of times of trouble and strife.
Life is so full of wonder, beauty, and joy.
Life is so full.
Life is so funny - because it is illogical.
Life is so funny , because it is illogical.
Life is so good right now.
Life is so good.
Life is So Good.
Life is so hard and unfair.
Life is so hard for pampered movie stars.
Life is so hard that only sacred intervention can save the characters from death.
Life is so hard.
Life is so important.
Life is so incredibly awesome.
Life is so intelligent.
Life is so interesting.
Life is so laid back in the Caribbean.
Life is so lonely sometimes.
Life is so long, but time is so short.
Life is so loverly.
Life is so much and too much at the same time.
Life is so much better here at the rescue house.
Life is so much better now . . .
Life is so much better now.
Life is so much better when shared.
Life is so much better without television.
Life is so much better.
Life is so much clearer.
Life is so much different now.
Life is so much easier now.
Life is so much easier that way.
Life is so much easier when the simple amenities of life are returned.
Life is so much easier without carrying all that weight.
Life is so much easier.
Life is so much harder for people in the villages.
Life is so much like that of Earth it is often hard to realize that once has even left.
Life is so much more convenient without a heart.
Life is so much more interesting now than it used to be.
Life is so much more than just getting through one day after the other.
Life is so much more than that.
Life is so much more than the numbers on the scale.
Life is so much more than utilitarian rationalizations.
Life is so much more than what it seems.
Life is so much simpler as a child.
Life is so much sweeter without the map.
Life is so precious . . .
Life is so precious and death is so permanent.
Life is so precious but can be taken away in a split second.
Life is so precious that it takes almost nothing to end one.
Life is so precious, especially young life.
Life is so precious, fragile and short.
Life is so precious.
Life is so priceless and people take it for granted.
Life is so rich, and love everflowing as it deepens with respect.
Life is so routine, so methodical.
Life is so sad.
Life is so short .
Life is so short and there is so much living to do.
Life is so short and unpredictable.
Life is so short often times.
Life is so short that a morning of manhood's vigour, and an evening of decay, make the whole of it.
Life is so short to be angry and blue.
Life is so short to be wasted like that.
Life is so short, and the world so beautiful.
Life is so short, it is but a blink in time.
Life is so short.
Life is so simple, so beautiful.
Life is so simple.
Life is so strange, destination Unknown.
Life is so strange.
Life is so stressful, it s nice to go in there and disappear.
Life is so stressful.
Life is so terrible to live.
Life is so tiring nowadays.
Life is so totally unfair.
Life is so tough.
Life is so transitory that it is often compared to a dream.
Life is so uncertain.
Life is so unfair sometimes.
Life is so unfair to incumbents.
Life is so unfair, sometimes.
Life is so unfair.
Life is so unjust.
Life is so unkind.
Life is so unlike theory.
Life is so unpredictable.
Life is so unreal.
Life is so very cruel, People, even crueler.
Life is so very much more peaceful, but without a chance for emotional intimacy.
Life is so very short, cherish it and help others to find some joy in their lives.
Life is so wonderful, was the motto they stuck by for the first two years.
Life is so wonderful.
Life is so worth living.
Life is sobs, sniffles, and smiles, with sniffles predominating.
Life is soft and smooth when lived gently.
Life is software driven.
Life is software.
Life is solely dependent upon the stars and the galaxies in which they make their home.
Life is some conflict.
Life is something apart and biology is an independent science.
Life is something besides kisses and promises and the moonlight.
Life is something else.
Life is something like a trumpet.
Life is something more than the raw materials it employs.
Life is something of a great triangle.
Life is something that seems to be an amazing concept.
Life is something they are thankful for every day and never take for granted.
Life is something very precious and dear, It shouldn t be overwhelmed by jealousy.
Life is sometimes a gentle stream, at others it is a raging river.
Life is sometimes a mystery.
Life is sometimes about making selfish decisions.
Life is sometimes exceedingly strange.
Life is sometimes full of mysteries.
Life is sometimes just plain broken.
Life is sometimes like a two-way mirror.
Life is sometimes like scrambled pizza.
Life is sometimes like that.
Life is sometimes metastable, or at some steady state.
Life is sometimes offensive.
Life is sometimes painful as everyone knows.
Life is sometimes so unfair.
Life is sometimes so very simple and so very, very good.
Life is sometimes too hectic to bear and every small stuff becomes magnified.
Life is sometimes unfair.
Life is sometimes unkind.
Life is sometimes very strange.
Life is sometimes wonderful and sometimes utterly unfair.
Life is somewhat normal now, other than the overnight drip.
Life is song sing it.
Life is sooo good.
Life is sooo goood.
Life is sooo rough.
Life is sooo strange . . .
Life is soooo much easier now when making changes.
Life is soooo tough.
Life is soooo unfair for some dotcoms.
Life is soooooo ruff.
Life is soooooooo good.
Life is soooooooooooooo tough.
Life is sorrow, overcome it.
Life is sorrowful experience it.
Life is sort of hard and busy here at present.
Life is sparse and sounds travel great distances.
Life is sped up, and there is a reflection of it in their work.
Life is splendid and perfect in every way.
Life Is Splendid.
Life is spontaneous, unpredictable, adaptable.
Life is sports.
Life is squeezed out of a body, until nothing remains but a cold, inanimate corpse.
Life is started, but starved early on.
Life is starved in the person and finally death results.
Life is still a bit of a struggle.
Life is still a challenge, but a most rewarding one.
Life is still a struggle - maybe even more so.
Life is still beautiful.
Life is still better in the academic sector.
Life is still busy along the route.
Life is still busy there after death has been announced.
Life is still fabulous and organized and perfect.
Life is still fairly normal at home.
Life is still fine, just slightly different.
Life is still good.
Life is still hard but it is getting better.
Life is still hellish in many parts of the world.
Life is still here.
Life is still innocent and naive.
Life is still life at all levels.
Life is still only tolerable at best.
Life is still painful.
Life is still precious.
Life is still sucky as usual, even during break.
Life is still sweet, and love is still possible.
Life is still the motive and the goal.
Life is still tough.
Life is still very busy around the home front.
Life is still very hectic with our nine-week old son, but everyone is going very well.
Life is still volatile in the former Soviet Union.
Life is still warm and safe.
Life is still worth living after amputation.
Life is stormy.
Life is straight.
Life is strange and definitely exciting.
Life is strange and quirky and sad and wonderful.
Life is strange and the door of history swings on small hinges.
Life is strange indeed.
Life is Strange is ait an mac an saol Life is Strange.
Life is strange sometimes.
Life is strange though.
Life is strange.
Life is stranger than fiction, so the saying goes.
Life is stranger than fiction.
Life is stress ful.
Life is stress.
Life is stressful and frustrating enough without money.
Life is stressful and it's short.
Life is stressful enough as it is.
Life is stressful enough.
Life is stressful, and pot relieves the symptoms of the modern world.
Life is stressful.
Life IS stressful.
Life is strictly for financial gain even if that means selling out our values.
Life is stripped down so the kids are really in their essence most of the time.
Life is stronger than death, but it is in the freedom of mankind.
Life is stronger than death.
Life is stronger then Death in the long run.
Life is struggle.
Life is stuck on fast.
Life is stuck with that model.
Life is studied at the sub-cellular, cellular, organism, and ecosystem levels of organization.
Life is stymied right now.
Life is subjective that way.
Life is subjective, if looked at objectively.
Life is sublime yet leisurely here in the windy city thus far.
Life is sublime.
Life is suburbia, ahhh. . . .
Life is such a beautiful choice.
Life is such a bitch that most people escape into religious fantasy.
Life is such a bitch.
Life is such a fucking bitch.
Life is such a gift.
Life is such a miracle.
Life is such a mixture of grief and joy.
Life is such a precious and incredible gift.
Life is such a precious thing to waste.
Life is such a puzzle . . .
Life is such a rat race as an adult.
Life is such a rut.
Life is such a simple little thing, really.
Life is such a source for art.
Life is such a wonderful gift.
Life is such a wonderful thing.
Life is such an arbitrary thing, as people come and go, leaving their tracks upon our thinking.
Life is suddenly full of possibilities.
Life is suffering, reality is maya.
Life is Suffering.
Life is suite, the weather is hot.
Life is supported by lifeless material.
Life is supported by the plants which live in the soil.
Life is supposed to be difficult.
Life is supposed to be enjoyed.
Life is supposed to be fair.
Life is supposed to be filled with unhappiness and uncertainty.
Life is supposed to be fun.
Life is supposed to be great.
Life is supposed to be returning to normal.
Life is supposed to have joy.
Life is supposed to stay that way all the way through to the end.
Life is sure to get interesting.
Life is surprisingly bereft of real choice.
Life is surreal.
Life is Surreal.
Life is surrounded by both beauty and destruction.
Life is sustained by the grinding opposition of moral entities.
Life is sustained by union and communion.
Life is sustained for yet another year.
Life is sustained on life alone and in the totality everything is equal.
Life is sustained, it is carried in our blood.
Life is swallowed up in death.
Life is sweet as a lemon.
Life is sweet but on Long Beach Island it is utopia.
Life is sweet indeed.
Life is sweet so no one really wants to die.
Life is sweet sometimes.
Life is sweet, and sweetened by quips.
Life is sweet, as they say.
Life is sweet, love is essential.
Life is sweet, though often painful.
Life is sweet.
Life is Sweet.
Life Is Sweet.
Life is sweeter and more precious than anyone can imagine.
Life is sweeter when it's lived in community.
Life is sweeter with chocolate.
Life is take to a whole new level.
Life is taken for granted in our culture today.
Life is taken seriously.
Life is temporary.
Life is temptation.
Life is tenaceous , however , and urgency is instinctive .
Life is tenacious, and it completely permeates the surface layer of the planet.
Life is tenacious.
Life is tense enough.
Life is tenuous at best.
Life is terminal.
Life is terrible.
Life is terribly beautiful.
Life is terribly time consuming.
Life is terribly unfair.
Life is text .
Life is that dash that comes between.
Life is that experience, that beauty, that fulfillment.
Life is that open door huh.
Life is that seven layer cake, and so are our hearts.
Life is that way.
Life is that.
Life is the ability to grow and maintain a particular body shape or form.
Life is the ability to grow.
Life is the ability to move around in one's environment.
Life is the ability to reproduce.
Life is the accumulation of moment to moment.
Life is the answer to any question posed.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Life is the beginning of all action, and there is no ending.
Life is the best teacher, but sometimes it is less painful to learn from the lives of others.
Life is the best teacher.
Life is the big experience.
Life is the biggest question and it is also a dangerous question.
Life is the building up and the release of tension.
Life is the characteristic state of organisms.
Life is the cheapest commodity.
Life is the childhood of eternity.
Life is the classroom.
Life is the co-existence of mind and matter.
Life is the consummation of existence, and death is honored as a part of life.
Life is the consumption of food to avoid chemical equilibrium.
Life is the continuation of film by other means.
Life is the crucial point.
Life is the curriculum and relationships are the classroom.
Life is the division of human cells, a process that begins with conception.
Life is the door, love the key.
Life is the drive to survive and excel.
Life is the edge effect caused by the thrust of energy through time.
Life is the egg.
Life is the experience of euphoric happiness, heart-stopping sorrow and every emotion in between.
Life is THE experience.
Life is the farce which everyone has to perform.
Life is the father and begets, substance is the mother and conceives.
Life is the father of love and love is the grand-father of life.
Life is the fire that burns and the sun that gives light.
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding is the third.
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third.
Life is the first right of the human person.
Life is the first right.
Life is the flash of a firefly in the night, it is the breath of the buffalo in the wintertime.
Life is the flash of the firefly in the night, the breath of the buffao in winter time.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Life is the fruit.
Life is the going on of life.
Life is the good and bad times combined into one.
Life is the great experiment.
Life is the great indulgence - death, the great abstinence.
Life is the greatest gift anyone has ever received.
Life is the greatest gift of all, and each moment of life is of inestimable value.
Life is the greatest gift, just being is the greatest gift of all.
Life is the greatest miracle of all.
Life is the greatest mystery.
Life is the greatest of all games.
Life is the greatest of all possessions.
Life is the ground of philosophy and the subject of history.
Life is the higher value.
Life is the ignorance of youth, and death is the realization of maturation.
Life is the interdependence of species.
Life is the invisible trap.
Life is the journey from the womb to the tomb.
Life is the journey in the Valley in between.
Life is the journey of a spiritual being, the soul, that comes to heal old wounds.
Life is the journey.
Life is the latest victim of an extraordinary revolution that is under way in the magazine industry.
Life is the lesson and the classroom is the world.
Life is the light of the spirit, and consciousness is the light of life.
Life is the magazine that pioneered photojournalism and chronicled and provoked Americas passions.
Life is the miracle.
Life is the most important aspect of creation.
Life is the most precious gift a human being possesses.
Life is the most precious of all treasures.
Life is the most uncertain thing in all the world.
Life is the mother of all wonders.
Life is the motive power of development.
Life is the music that dances through our days and nights and years.
Life is the music.
Life is the nation.
Life is the number of periods over which the asset is being depreciated.
Life is the odyssey of connection with soul.
Life is the offspring of life.
Life is the one form of existence manifesting in matter.
Life is the only game in which the object of the game is to learn the rules.
Life is the only game which is played to learn the rules.
Life is the only real wealth there is.
Life is the only sentence of imprisonment for felony murder.
Life is the opposite of death.
Life is the opposite of that, using energy to build simple molecules into something more complex.
Life is the other way around.
Life is the other way round.
Life is the part of 'what is' that perceives.
Life is the paste that makes it whole.
Life is the performance, and thus the death, of the hero.
Life is the period of several occurrences until death.
Life is the preparation.
Life is the principle of self-activity, which is hindered by the material body.
Life is the process by which the possible becomes actual under the lure of the good.
Life is the process of letting go.
Life is the process of using energy to convert raw materials into information.
Life is the promise of tomorrow, and death is but the prelude to renewal.
Life is the pursuit of power cries the Ruler.
Life is the question, the answer is to ask again.
Life is the real base of existence.
Life is the reality.
Life is the result of choices.
Life is the ripples on the edge of the waterfall, as the water fall down into the abyss below.
Life is the road itself.
Life is the root of death, and death is the root of life.
Life is the saddest thing there is, next to death.
Life is the same bewildering and staggering mixture of things it always was.
Life is the same just a new day.
Life is the same way.
Life is the same.
Life is the school, the teacher is Karma.
Life is the school.
Life is the sea.
Life is the second one.
Life is the simplest form of life, having one property, that of life.
Life is the struggle for survival and growth.
Life is the student, death is the tutor.
Life is the subject matter of many different fields.
Life is the substantial fact of the union of soul and body.
Life is the substrate for evolution.
Life is the sum of experiences and actions characterized By a person's existence.
Life is the survival of information.
Life is the sweetest misery.
Life is the time between eternity and frailty.
Life is the transmutation of sunlight.
Life is the ultimate canvas.
Life is the unbroken eternal struggle towards greater love and wisdom.
Life is the unique product of a unique union.
Life is the universe comprehending itself.
Life is the unsung time in an old banjo.
Life Is The ups and downs of living.
Life is the very essence of being.
Life is the vital force in all living things, but is also movement or change in the broadest sense.
Life is the world of the woman.
Life is their canvas and pilgrimage their song.
Life is their greatest teacher. . . .
Life is their greatest teacher.
Life is then a journey toward nothing.
Life is then so much the richer.
Life is theoretical or potential activity, and needs a field of operation.
Life is there to be lived and enjoyed.
Life is there.
Life is thought and feeling - punctuated by time.
Life is thought and movement, give and take Life is stop and go, shiver and shake.
Life is thought and thought is words.
Life is thought to be illusory, and nirvana is considered attainment of true life.
Life is thought, thought is manifested into reality.
Life is threatened at every turn.
Life is three-dimensional.
Life is thrown out of perspective.
Life is thus a product of matter and motion, and the human soul is a composite of very subtle atoms.
Life is thus an opportunity as well as a challenge.
Life is tied to water as it is tied to air and food.
Life is time and time is life.
Life is time periods.
Life is tiny.
Life is to be blended, tossed and savored at any point, anytime.
Life is to be built in every situation of hardship, every risk of death or chance for survival.
Life is to be celebrated.
Life is to be cherished and hugged.
Life is to be enjoyed with graditide.
Life is to be enjoyed, whether current, or current middle ages.
Life is to be enjoyed.
Life is to be 'experienced'.
Life is to be fortified by many friendships.
Life is to be lived and enjoyed from birth through death.
Life is to be lived simply.
Life is to be lived to it s fullest.
Life is to be lived, and in the living, experienced.
Life is to be lived.
Life is to be protected and promoted as much as possible.
Life is to be respected and protected.
Life is to be seized and experienced.
Life is to blame for everything.
Life is to carve.
Life is to cheap.
Life is to complex for it to be otherwise.
Life is to dear to simply be tacken away.
Life is to embrace destiny and overcome personal demons.
Life is to enjoy.
Life is to help others.
Life is to important to be taken seriously.
Life is to know the truth and do the truth.
Life is to live with love From the heart, from above.
Life is to live.
Life is to love and to be loved.
Life is to precious and short to waste.
Life is to precious and too short for that.
Life is to precious to spend gossiping.
Life is to precious to throw away.
Life is to short and our children grow to fast.
Life is to short to always be sad.
Life is to short to argue about petty things.
Life is to short to be full of anger or animosity.
Life is to short to be taking everything so serious.
Life is to short to be unhappy, even for a brief period of time.
Life is to short to get mantic about squirrels in bird feeders.
Life is to short to live it alone.
Life is to short to seek out the negative.
Life is to short to use macintosh.
Life is to short to worry about the petty things of yesterday, and to long to anticapate the future.
Life is to short, happiness is the most important thing that there is.
Life is to short.
Life is told by a idiot, signifying nothing.
Life is tolerable.
Life is tolerant, even stupidly so.
Life is tons of discipline.
Life is too beautiful for that.
Life is too beautiful to become a virtual concept.
Life is too beautiful to feel pain and be hurt by things that happened many years ago.
Life is too big for anything.
Life is too big to put in any man's mental box.
Life is too boring without a little stress.
Life is too brief for minimalism and the awful specter of mediocrity of mind, heart, and spirit.
Life is too busy and too short to be always going back on one's traces.
Life is too busy for anything complicated.
Life is too busy to figure out the details.
Life is too case-dependent to be a reliably repeatable phenomenon.
Life is too chaotic to succumb to rigid principles.
Life is too close to death, while art is far from ephemeral breath.
Life is too cold, too gray, the imagination too impoverished.
Life is too complex . . .
Life is too complex and changeable to be governed by fixed rules.
Life is too complex to be all things to all people, especially for a small company.
Life is too complex to be all things to all people, especially for a very small company.
Life is too complex to be explained by any one thing.
Life is too complex to carry around unresolved issues.
Life is too complex to have it any other way.
Life is too complex, too full of ambiguity and paradox, to be captured by facile consistency.
Life is too complex.
Life is too complicated in the morning.
Life is too confusing for novices.
Life is too confusing.
Life is too cruel at times, too hard.
Life is too cruel to bear.
Life is too damn brief, guys.
Life is too damn short to do otherwise.
Life is too dang precious.
Life is too dear to waste it on worrying about the unknown.
Life is too dear to waste it worrying about the unknown.
Life is too demanding and moves too quickly.
Life is too demanding, children are too complex, and parents are too limited.
Life is too demanding.
Life is too difficult for many.
Life is too easy an answer.
Life is too fantastic to end it in misery.
Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia.
Life is too fleeting.
Life is too fluid.
Life is too fragile to assume that hugs can wait until tomorrow.
Life is too fragile to be consumed with the little things.
Life is too fragile to be lived in fear, to do it halfway.
Life is too fragile to lose the meaningful moments.
Life is too fragile to spend doing something disagreeable.
Life is too fucking goofy.
Life is too fucking short to worry about words.
Life is too full and complex for that.
Life is too full of mystery and majesty to be reduced to matters of information and production.
Life is too full of pain to linger over the deeds of history's monsters and fiends.
Life is too full of things which go wrong.
Life is too funny, to be taken seriously.
Life is too good and too busy to be analytical about fame.
Life is too good to be true and too bad to endure.
Life is too good to feel bad.
Life is too good to have anything go wrong.
Life is too good.
Life is too great and vast to be reduced to a few crumbs and coins.
Life is too gut-wrenching.
Life is too hard here for smiling .
Life is too hard to tolerate unkindness and rudeness in a circle of supposed friendship.
Life is too hectic to rely on spontaneity alone.
Life is too horribly painful.
Life is too important to be taken as a joke, but too ridiculous to be taken seriously.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
Life is too important to clutter it up with rules.
Life is too important to suffer needlessly.
Life is too important to take away by one's own hand.
Life is too important to take seriously.
Life is too important.
Life is too interesting to collect stamps.
Life is too interesting to spend time and energy on housework.
Life is too interesting.
Life is too long to be short with people.
Life is too long to go without good music.
Life is too long to live grim-faced.
Life is too much.
Life is too mysterious to be taken too serious.
Life is too mysterious to be taken too seriously.
Life is too painful to want to keep going on.
Life is too painful.
Life is too precious and at times too short to waste in hatred or violence.
Life is too precious and short for stupid choices.
Life is too precious and short to waste.
Life is too precious and short.
Life is too precious and too brief to darken it with harsh memories and useless anger.
Life is too precious and too short.
Life is too precious for that.
Life is too precious to be feeling bad.
Life is too precious to be lived haphazardly, carelessly or ignorantly.
Life is too precious to be negative.
Life is too precious to be only thinking of making money.
Life is too precious to be passed over with mere words which ring empty.
Life is too precious to be petty.
Life is too precious to be sacrificed for the nonessential and transient.
Life is too precious to be spent as an experimental guinea pig.
Life is too precious to be terminated by ones own hand.
Life is too precious to just lie there and have it taken away.
Life is too precious to leave people behind.
Life is too precious to rush it.
Life is too precious to simply throw away.
Life is too precious to spend doing hair.
Life is too precious to spend it mad.
Life is too precious to spend it waiting.
Life is too precious to throw away.
Life is too precious to waste another moment.
Life is too precious to waste in a press box.
Life is too precious to waste it on silly pretenses.
Life is too precious to waste on doing what's safe.
Life is too precious to waste time with lies.
Life is too precious to waste worrying about what others think.
Life is too precious to waste.
Life is too precious, the world too dangerous, the consequences of a mistake too irreversible.
Life is too precious, too sacred, too important.
Life is too precious.
Life is too profound to be just the result of random processes.
Life is too rich to experience all of it virtually.
Life is too serious to take seriously.
Life is too serious, sometimes.
Life is too short and art is too long.
Life is too short and everyone deserves to be happy.
Life is too short and for the one mean person there a million good ones.
Life is too short and friends and family are too precious.
Life is too short and friendships are too important to waste.
Life is too short and full for that.
Life is too short and knowledge is too broad.
Life is too short and much too precious to spend it wasting time.
Life is too short and precious to suffer unnecessarily.
Life is too short and precious to waste pondering a web site's enigmas.
Life is too short and precious to waste.
Life is too short and the job is too stressful under the best conditions.
Life is too short and the work too important to wait or be put off.
Life is too short and there are too many objects out there to capture.
Life is too short and there is much to do and achieve.
Life is too short and there is too much to see and do beside work and worry.
Life is too short and too complicated to be running so many calculated risks.
Life is too short and too fast to spend it somewhere else.
Life is too short and too intense to be serious all the time.
Life is too short and too precious to make that kind of compromise.
Life is too short and unpredictable to plan things out.
Life is too short and way too precious.
Life is too short anyway.
Life is too short as it is.
Life is too short for a long story.
Life is too short for a woman to put up with that.
Life is too short for all the problems on a daily bases.
Life is too short for any other approach.
Life is too short for anything else .
Life is too short for average food.
Life is too short for bad food.
Life is too short for bad movies.
Life is too short for bad sex.
Life is too short for compulsive comparing.
Life is too short For conflicts of sight.
Life is too short for fear.
Life is too short for games.
Life is too short for grand gestures followed by self pity in the hour of failure.
Life is too short for hate.
Life is too short for living in dysfunction.
Life is too short for living safe.
Life is too short for long and ugly.
Life is too short for nonograms however.
Life is too short for ordinary T-shirts.
Life is too short for pettiness.
Life is too short for petty quarrels.
Life is too short for reboots.
Life is too short for regret.
Life is too short for regrets, worries and pettiness.
Life is too short for second best.
Life is too short for such incessant torment.
Life is too short for such nonsense.
Life is too short for such regrets.
Life is too short for that sort of nonsense.
Life is too short for that.
Life is too short for the aggravation of four-digit subtraction.
Life is too short for the ordinary.
Life is too short for unpleasantness.
Life is too short so have fun.
Life is too short to accept anything less.
Life is too short to act normal.
Life is too short to agree to pain.
Life is too short to always worry about what other people think.
Life is too short to be a fuddy-duddy.
Life is too short to be a slave.
Life is too short to be a yes-man.
Life is too short to be aggravated by personality conflicts.
Life is too short to be alone.
Life is too short to be angry all the time.
Life is too short to be bearing the brunt of someone else's negative feelings.
Life is too short to be bitter.
Life is too short to be bored or boring.
Life is too short to be bored.
Life is too short to be boring .
Life is too short to be boring.
Life is too short to be concerned with the little worries in life.
Life is too short to be constantly stressed.
Life is too short to be consumed by anger.
Life is too short to be doing just one or two things.
Life is too short to be dwelling on negatives.
Life is too short to be facing constant negative energy.
Life is too short to be flamed to death.
Life is too short to be in that closet under a bunch of dirty clothes.
Life is too short to be in unhappy relationship.
Life is too short to be joyless.
Life is too short to be lawyer or a doctor or a teacher.
Life is too short to be little.
Life is too short to be lived timidly.
Life is too short to be living as a prune.
Life is too short to be lukewarm.
Life is too short to be mad.
Life is too short to be miserable.
Life is too short to be obsessed with revenge.
Life is too short to be petty.
Life is too short to be pissed off all the time.
Life is too short to be serious all of the time.
Life is too short to be sitting behind a computer screen all day.
Life is too short to be small.
Life is too short to be spent alone.
Life is too short to be taken seriously .
Life is too short to be taken seriously.
Life is too short to be thinking too hard, too long.
Life is too short to be too serious.
Life is too short to be unhappy and miserable for the rest of it.
Life is too short to be unhappy.
Life is too short to be waiting for the highest bidder.
Life is too short to be wasted being stressed.
Life is too short to be wasted entirely on theoretical deliberation.
Life is too short to be worried about money.
Life is too short to be worried.
Life is too short to beat dead horses.
Life is too short to belittle.
Life is too short to bother prettifying informational Web pages, so it's mono from here on out.
Life is too short to bother with the gloomy set.
Life is too short to buy a ricer just for mashed potatoes.
Life is too short to carry the grudges.
Life is too short to cave in to ignorance or misinformation.
Life is too short to climb all that way only to find it tracked out by somebody else.
Life is too short to cloud the good times with worry.
Life is too short to conform to someone else's ideals.
Life is too short to conform, to fit into someone else's ideals.
Life is too short to dally over petty issues.
Life is too short to deal with jerks.
Life is too short to deal with mediocrity and nonprofessional work.
Life is too short to deal with someone like that.
Life is too short to dine alone.
Life is too short to do anything else.
Life is too short to do anything for oneself that one can pay others to do for one.
Life is too short to do it any other way.
Life is too short to do mediocre work and it is definitely too short to build shitty things.
Life is too short to do more than that.
Life is too short to do otherwise.
Life is too short to do things by halves.
Life is too short to drink bad beer.
Life is too short to drink bad coffee.
Life is too short to drink bad wine .
Life is too short to drink bad wine and eat bad food.
Life is too short to drink bad wine.
Life is too short to drink cheap beer.
Life is too short to drink cheap wine.
Life is too short to drink plonk.
Life is too short to drink.
Life is too short to dwell on pain or regrets.
Life is too short to dwell on the negative.
Life is too short to eat bad food.
Life is too short to endure that.
Life is too short to engage in debates over opinion.
Life is too short to feel resentful.
Life is too short to fight over who has been here longer.
Life is too short to fight.
Life is too short to focus on such superficial standards of competence.
Life is too short to get bent out of shape.
Life is too short to get bogged down in an endless number of hearings.
Life is too short to get exercised about plant names.
Life is too short to get so upset over clay pots and gritty mix.
Life is too short to go around dragging dead horses.
Life is too short to go around feeling sluggish and below par.
Life is too short to go around pleasing everyone.
Life is too short to go around with such a negative and angry attitude.
Life is too short to go through it angry.
Life is too short to hang onto bitterness.
Life is too short to hassle with bills.
Life is too short to hate and be hated.
Life is too short to hate.
Life is too short to have a clean house but no time for indulgence.
Life is too short to have regret.
Life is too short to have regrets.
Life is too short to have what they have to go through year after year.
Life is too short to hold a grudge, so be sure to add a dose of forgiveness where it is needed.
Life is too short to hold a grudge.
Life is too short to hold grudges and forgiving can be enormously life-enhancing.
Life is too short to hold grudges.
Life is too short to hunt with an outlaw.
Life is too short to hurry.
Life is too short to just be satisfied with a fixed set of meat.
Life is too short to just endure it.
Life is too short to just sit there in a void.
Life is too short to keep doing the same basic things over and over again.
Life is too short to leave kind words unsaid.
Life is too short to let egos get in the way of progress.
Life is too short to let greed, envy, hatred, etc.
Life is too short to let happiness slip by.
Life is too short to let someone else control it, which is exactly what they are doing.
Life is too short to live in fear of what other people think.
Life is too short to live it alone.
Life is too short to live like a caged turtle.
Life is too short to live like that, honey.
Life is too short to live selfishly.
Life is too short to live with regret.
Life is too short to live without meaning and happiness.
Life is too short to live without passion.
Life is too short to live without that kind of focus.
Life is too short to long for money.
Life is too short to look at it any other way.
Life is too short to mess around, so make changes, swift and sincere, whenever needed.
Life is too short to miss out on even one two hour cruise.
Life is too short to miss out.
Life is too short to miss the experience.
Life is too short to play it any differently.
Life is too short to play it safe.
Life is too short to plot in secret.
Life is too short to ponder.
Life is too short to put off living until tomorrow.
Life is too short to put up with ridiculus behavior.
Life is too short to read bad books.
Life is too short to remain apathetic, bored and unmotivated.
Life is too short to sacrifice personal fulfillment and play a charade for opportunistic gain.
Life is too short to sail an ugly boat.
Life is too short to settle for limp initiatives.
Life is too short to settle for second best.
Life is too short to settle or to be stuck.
Life is too short to settle.
Life is too short to sit at home doing nothing.
Life is too short to sit there and hold grudges.
Life is too short to sit, wait and hope for things to get better and change.
Life is too short to spend all of it dealing with the stress of information overload.
Life is too short to spend all one's time checking for broken links.
Life is too short to spend all our time together fanning our paranoia.
Life is too short to spend any of it slogging.
Life is too short to spend in talking about frauds and cranks.
Life is too short to spend it agonizing over whether one passed an examination.
Life is too short to spend it alone.
Life is too short to spend it bearing grudges.
Life is too short to spend it being driven by hatred.
Life is too short to spend it embracing misery.
Life is too short to spend it feeling angry.
Life is too short to spend it fighting for such things.
Life is too short to spend it hating someone.
Life is too short to spend it hibernating with an alcoholic.
Life is too short to spend it idly watching the clock on the wall.
Life is too short to spend it in a marriage that's passionless and suffocating from the start.
Life is too short to spend it in litigation.
Life is too short to spend it struggling with sheet metal.
Life is too short to spend it working all the time.
Life is too short to spend it worrying about money.
Life is too short to spend time standing in line.
Life is too short to spend wondering why they sell lights for darkrooms.
Life is too short to spend writing do loops.
Life is too short to squander it by just existing.
Life is too short to squander on trivial pursuits.
Life is too short to starting thinking that way.
Life is too short to stay ivided.
Life is too short to stop the exploration and wonderment before they even graduate from high school.
Life is too short to support bad software.
Life is too short to sweat the small stuff.
Life is too short to take everything seriously.
Life is too short to take for granted.
Life is too short to take it all that seriously.
Life is too short to take it too seriously most of the time.
Life is too short to take it too seriously.
Life is too short to take on political crusades, so divorce becomes a compelling option.
Life is too short to take seriously.
Life is too short to take too seriously.
Life is too short to take wrong trains.
Life is too short to test out whether that was a fluke or a pattern.
Life is too short to trade time for money.
Life is too short to try and move an immovable force.
Life is too short to wait around for heads to settle before pouring the last dregs of the bottle.
Life is too short to wait until tomorrow.
Life is too short to wait.
Life is too short to walk around blindfolded.
Life is too short to waste any more time in the bizarre world of the libel courts.
Life is too short to waste any time getting irritated, particularly at a paying guest.
Life is too short to waste eternity is forever.
Life is too short to waste it behind the wheel of a car .
Life is too short to waste it behind the wheel of a car.
Life is too short to waste it in such a difficult and often disappointing achievement. . . .
Life is too short to waste it on jerks.
Life is too short to waste it.
Life is too short to waste on anger and resentment.
Life is too short to waste on computer problems.
Life is too short to waste on destructive people and situations.
Life is too short to waste on fancy web pages.
Life is too short to waste on irritation.
Life is too short to waste on other composers.
Life is too short to waste on reading cheap writing.
Life is too short to waste on trifles.
Life is too short to waste precious time politicking about hospital food.
Life is too short to waste reading boring stuff.
Life is too short to waste time doing such things.
Life is too short to waste time on dishonorable people.
Life is too short to waste time worrying.
Life is too short to waste worrying ALL the time.
Life is too short to waste.
Life is too short to watch it go by.
Life is too short to wear tight shoes.
Life is too short to wish it away.
Life is too short to work so hard.
Life is too short to work too hard.
Life is too short to work without it.
Life is too short to worry about being liked.
Life is too short to worry about computers.
Life is too short to worry about material gifts.
Life is too short to worry about someone else's problems.
Life is too short to worry about what everyone thinks.
Life is too short to worry all the time.
Life is too short to worry and fret over every little thing.
Life is too short to worry.
Life is too short to write html.
Life is too short too get upset over silly things.
Life is too short Venice, California, is as good a place as any to stay young forever.
Life is too short, and eternity too long for one to choose any other course.
Life is too short, and it is.
Life is too short, and joys too various, to spend more than forty hours a week doing any one thing.
Life is too short, and our incredible time spent together years ago was too valuable to let go of.
Life is too short, and the less clutter, the better.
Life is too short, and there are too many clients whose work needs to be done.
Life is too short, enjoy it.
Life is too short, get out of that rut and remember to atways be a tourist.
Life is too short, it's very important to have a well-balanced life.
Life is too short, live for today.
Life is too short, so being laid back is the way to go.
Life is too short, so enjoy it.
Life is too short, so pursue every experience available.
Life is too short, to have a poor report.
Life is too short, too precious, to waste on negativity.
Life is too short, too precious.
Life is too short. . . .
Life is too short.
Life Is Too Short.
Life is too solemn to be absorbed in temporal or earthly matters.
Life is too strange when emotion eases.
Life is too strong.
Life is too sudden.
Life is too sweet to jeopard- ize it by getting into a controversy with a pair of vampires.
Life is too sweet to take for granted.
Life is too unpredictable.
Life is too unstable anyway, without having to worry about guns being in the wrong hands.
Life is too valuable to get stuck.
Life is too valuable to lose because of senseless violence.
Life is too valuable to vaporize.
Life is too varied to succumb to rigid principles.
Life is too weird sometimes.
Life is too wonderful, to miss living it.
Life is torn between inequality and rejection.
Life is torn.
Life is torpid in the Delta, subdued and quiet.
Life is totally different for the whole family depending on gender.
Life is tough all over.
Life is tough and everyone is out to make a buck there.
Life is tough and it all gets a bit self-absorbed.
Life is tough and it is full of choices.
Life is tough and work is hard, but maintaining a Web page means never having to sleep.
Life is tough and yet their gentleness is pervasive.
Life is tough as a tech support agent.
Life is tough enough at that age as it is.
Life is tough enough just being a kid.
Life is tough enough with both hands.
Life is tough enough without asking for trouble.
Life is tough enough.
Life is tough for a vigneron.
Life is tough for a wild dingo even without the human threat of baiting, trapping and guns.
Life is tough for extreme right-wingers in Israel.
Life is tough for hockey players.
Life is tough for Jacob.
Life is tough for juvenile lions.
Life is tough for thoroughbreds after their racing days.
Life is tough for wild things and desert shrews are no exception.
Life is tough here.
Life is tough in Camelot.
Life is tough in organizations, both for managers and the managed.
Life is tough in Romania.
Life is tough in the back seat.
Life is tough in the wild, where predators, disease and starvation are constant threats.
Life is tough on the farm.
Life is tough on the wide, open tundra.
Life is tough out there.
Life is tough sometimes.
Life is tough when it takes three tries to make it up onto the mistress's sleeping platform.
Life is tough without pants.
Life is tough, brethren.
Life is tough, it is.
Life is tough, no question about it.
Life is tough, work hard get used to it.
Life is tough.
Life is tougher than anyone imagined.
Life is tougher.
Life is toughest on the young, who are often obliged to drop out of school to help their families.
Life is traditional.
Life is tragedy, confront it.
Life is tragic and beautiful.
Life is tragic.
Life is tranquil, when intellect and emotion are at harmony.
Life is transient.
Life is transitory but love can be eternal.
Life is transitory.
Life is transmitted to the canoe by currents of air and the water upon which it rides.
Life is tremendous.
Life Is Tremendous.
Life is tricky.
Life is Trip.
Life is trouble.
Life is truly a classroom.
Life is truly a gift.
Life is truly a kettle of fish.
Life is truly a powerful force, but where did it come from.
Life is truly a rich pageant of wonderment.
Life is truly a ride.
Life is truly amazing, even what looked like an email mishap was being Divinely guided.
Life is truly amazing.
Life is truly an adventure.
Life is truly an art form.
Life is truly an elegantly ordered creative system.
Life is truly beautiful and bright.
Life is truly bittersweet.
Life is truly fascinating.
Life is truly good, on a garden day.
Life is truly good.
Life is truly like a box of chocolates.
Life is truly self-restraint.
Life is truly strange.
Life is truly weird.
Life is truly wondrous.
Life is ubiquitous on Earth and appears in a diversity of forms.
Life is ugly also sometimes.
Life is ugly compromise.
Life is unbearably precious.
Life is unbelievable.
Life is unbelievably great almost every day.
Life is unbelievably short.
Life is uncertain and full of risk.
Life is uncertain And full of vexation.
Life is uncertain and healthcare is uncertain.
Life is uncertain and risky.
Life is uncertain really.
Life is uncertain, always changing, only death is certain.
Life Is Uncertain, Death Is Certain.
Life is uncertain.
Life is Uncertain.
Life is uncomfortable.
Life is under threat.
Life is understood in opposition to Death.
Life is understood.
Life is unexpected.
Life is unexpectedly fragile.
Life is unfair .
Life is unfair and bad things do happen to good people.
Life is unfair dept.
Life is unfair sometimes and government usually only makes it worse.
Life is unfair sometimes.
Life is unfair.
Life is unfairrrrr.
Life is ungraspable and still liveable, just like the city.
Life is unique.
Life is Unity.
Life is unjust, but sometimes it works in our favor.
Life is unpredictable and short.
Life is unpredictable and that is what makes it interesting.
Life is unpredictable at the best of times, so try to be prepared.
Life is unpredictable, and without the proper planning, fame and fortune can evaporate.
Life is unpredictable, and yet so precious to all.
Life is unpredictable, full of unexpected twists and turns.
Life is unpredictable.
Life is unsafe.
Life is unstoppable.
Life is unsure, and sometimes unsafe.
Life is untransferable.
Life is up and down.
Life is up.
Life is ups and downs.
Life is upside down, even when parents have the same job and children go to the same school.
Life is used for livings.
Life is useless, all useless.
Life is usually absurd, and sometimes wonderful.
Life is usually pleasant, kind, amusing with abundant references to the natural world.
Life is valuable and everyone s life is valuable.
Life is valuable.
Life is variable.
Life is variety.
Life is various and often diffuse.
Life is vast, exciting, and dangerous.
Life is very bad here.
Life is very brief.
Life is very cheap.
Life is very complex for the adolescent.
Life is very complicated.
Life is very cruel.
Life is very different here in America than in Uganda.
Life is very different in other academic departments.
Life is very different in some ways for teenagers growing up today.
Life is very different.
Life is very difficult for people.
Life is very difficult in Iran.
Life is very difficult in the region where desertification occurs.
Life is very difficult in Ukraine.
Life is very difficult.
Life is very dramatic, filled with ups and downs and chaos and ennui.
Life is very expensive.
Life is very fast-paced.
Life is very fragile, it can end at any moment.
Life is very fragile.
Life is very full right now.
Life is very full without seeing.
Life is very full.
Life is very good right now.
Life is very good.
Life is very hard for the Iraqi people.
Life is very hard.
Life is very hectic and it is hard work, but it's stimulating and interesting.
Life is very hectic and there are many worries.
Life is very inconvenient at times.
Life is very kind.
Life is very lonely and dark.
Life is very lonely, and seemingly vacant, no.
Life is very much for today only.
Life is very nice, but it lacks form.
Life is very peaceful and there is always more to see and do.
Life is very precious and short enough.
Life is very precious and special.
Life is very precious no matter who it is.
Life is very precious.
Life is very primitive,with no running water and only outdoor privies.
Life is very short, and can end suddenly and without warning.
Life is very short, and the precious minutes seep through the hourglass with unseemly haste.
Life is very short, and time is precious.
Life is very short.
Life is very similar.
Life is very simple and yet strange.
Life is very simple in Small Claims.
Life is very simple there and also very strict.
Life is very simple with limited access to shopping and entertainment.
Life is very simple.
Life is very simplistic and follows a rather rigid pattern.
Life is very slow and relaxing.
Life is very slow.
Life is very special.
Life is very strange.
Life is very stressful.
Life is very strong.
Life is very subtle.
Life is very tiring and disappointing.
Life is very tough, and the formula for economic survival often tests the bounds of credibility.
Life is very unpredictable, no doubt about it.
Life is very unpredictable.
Life is very weird.
Life is very, very good indeed.
Life is very, very good.
Life is vibration.
Life is victorious over death.
Life is viewed as a continuous circle.
Life is viewed from a different perspective when observed by a more natural means.
Life is viewed from a different perspective, but it is no less valuable.
Life is violent.
Life is war.
Life is warm and squishy.
Life is warm, death is cold.
Life is waste.
Life is wasted on the living.
Life is way too hectic to remember.
Life is way too intence right now.
Life is way too precious to play with.
Life is way too precious.
Life is way too serious.
Life is way too short for ordinary vacations.
Life is way too short for that.
Life is way too short to go through it depressed and unhappy.
Life is way too short to think about a perfect time, place, or person.
Life is way too short.
Life is weak and gray.
Life is weak, life is short.
Life is wealth, keep it.
Life is weapons escalation.
Life is weird lke that sometimes.
Life is weird sometimes.
Life is weird, it's funny the way things work out.
Life is weird.
Life is weirder than fiction.
Life is weirrd like that.
Life is what changes.
Life is what happens between events.
Life is what happens between the facts.
Life is what happens inbetween dreams.
Life is what happens when researchers are busy studying.
Life is what is happening after bare survival has been covered.
Life is what it is about.
Life is what it is and the same goes for noise and nature.
Life is what it is.
Life is what makes inorganic material organic.
Life is what man is looking for.
Life is what matter is, the soul is phosphorus.
Life is what matters when the night is over.
Life is what matters, and Armstrong, is living it with gusto.
Life is what s left.
Life is what there is by way of existence between the date of birth and the date of death.
Life is what's difficult.
Life is where crowding is immense.
Life is where our Souls are sent to school.
Life is which goes on and on.
Life is whole, of one piece.
Life is whole.
Life is wholistic.
Life is wierd.
Life is wild, wet and full of surprises.
Life is with full of events.
Life is with People.
Life is withdrawn behind closed doors.
Life is without meaning.
Life is without purpose or meaning.
Life is wnderful.
Life is wonderful again.
Life is wonderful and precious.
Life is wonderful and so full of surprises.
Life is wonderful because now they have two incomes.
Life is wonderful because of the extremity of experience, rather than the intensity of happiness.
Life is wonderful for our family.
Life is wonderful here.
Life is wonderful now.
Life is wonderful today.
Life is wonderful until a meteor shower destroys their home and threatens their very existence.
Life is wonderful, but definitely better sometimes than others.
Life is wonderful.
Life is Wonderful.
Life IS wonderful.
Life is wonderfull.
Life is wondrous.
Life is words spoken.
Life is work and improvement, work and improvement.
Life is work in progress.
Life is work.
Life is worrisome.
Life is worth dancing.
Life is worth defending.
Life is worth dying for.
Life is worth fighting for.
Life is worth it.
Life is worth living after all.
Life is worth living and enjoying.
Life is worth living well.
Life is worth living, and life is worth receiving.
Life IS worth living, and there IS joy in the world.
Life is worth living.
Life is worth much more than gold.
Life is worth nothing here.
Life is worth preserving.
Life is worth the matinee fare.
Life is worthless.
Life is written in a fantastically miniaturized language.
Life is written in the cycle of the seasons with each one new and fresh.
Life is written on their faces.
Life is yes or no.
Life is young.
Life is, after all, a lesson day by day.
Life is, after all, but a walking shadow.
Life is, after all, for living.
Life is, after all, too short.
Life is, after all, very funny.
Life is, and always has been, an education.
Life is, basically, normal.
Life is, by definition, tragic.
Life is, in fact, a lumping experience, which few get to live.
Life is, in fact, full of such mysteries and paradoxes.
Life is, in fact, pretty darn good here.
Life is, in the end, a series of relationships.
Life is, in the most serious philosophical sense, about having a good time.
Life is, indeed, a bitch.
Life is, indeed, beautiful.
Life is, indeed, ever changing.
Life is, indeed, short.
Life is, let's be honest now, nowhere near as fun as fantasy.
Life is, of course, absurd, and it is ludicrous to take it seriously.
Life is, of course, terrible.
Life is, once again, good.
Life Is. .
Life isa being.
Life isa existence.
Life isn t about being a hedonist or a materialist.
Life isn t always fair.
Life isn t fair and equal.
Life isn t fair sometimes.
Life isn t fair, and a child suffers.
Life isn t fair, but our choices can be noble.
Life isn t fair.
Life isn t hard at the moment, but it does seem somewhat directionless.
Life isn t like that.
Life isn t only about math and science.
Life isn t that bad.
Life isn t that easy, nor is living and working in Mexico.
Life isn t too monotonous and even has an element of adventure in it.
Life jackets for cabins with skiffs.
Life jackets for children and adults if required.
Life jackets for dogs are increasingly popular.
Life jackets for everybody.
Life jackets for swimming, running lights, anchors, skis and ski jackets are available.
Life jackets Portable radio More maps, charts etc.
Life just becomes a continuous flow of thoughts.
Life just becomes more of a mess and less of a joy.
Life just begins here on earth.
Life just changes.
Life just couldn t get any better for our friend.
Life just didn t seem to work that way.
Life just doesn t go right.
Life just doesn t work that way.
Life just ends.
Life just flows.
Life just gets more complicated.
Life just gets so complicated sometimes.
Life just gives each person time and space.
Life just goes better.
Life just goes on and on getting harder and harder.
Life just goes on here.
Life just goes on.
Life just happens.
Life just is . . .
Life just is, and it is our task to create meanings which make it worthwhile.
Life just is.
Life just isn t about that.
Life just isn t fair.
Life just keeps coming. . .
Life just keeps flying by.
Life just keeps getting better.
Life just keeps getting busier, but that's probably a good sign.
Life just keeps going on behind closed eyes, it seems.
Life just keeps going on.
Life just keeps moving on, seasons keep changing.
Life just keeps on getting better.
Life just loves to throw curves balls at people.
Life just rolls along.
Life just seems a bit easier now.
Life just seems more simple and serene in Door County.
Life just seems to become more pleasant.
Life just seems to flow a little bit better.
Life just seems too short sometimes.
Life just works better that way.
Life keeps butting in.
Life keeps coming back and slapping our hero around.
Life keeps getting better and more exciting.
Life keeps ripping by.
Life keeps rising.
Life know as quickly as possible.
Life known by the sense perception is located in the heart.
Life knows neither time nor space.
Life knows only one law and that law is of expansion and sharing.
Life knows the present and the past and the future.
Life knows what it does.
Life lacks zest.
Life lasts an average of sixty years.
Life lasts longer now.
Life lazes, bees hum, birds chirp and children play.
Life leads the thoughtful One on a course of many windings.
Life leads to bruises and sometimes scars.
Life leads to opportunity.
Life leaves a path of destruction that bleeds down to it s final victim, or party goer.
Life leaves clues of principle and experience.
Life lessons about friendship, family love and doing the right thing.
Life lessons for Portland's youth.
Life lessons that kids learn from karate, soccer, and other sports.
Life lessons, from math.
Life lies in order to live.
Life lies in the quest.
Life likes volatiles.
Life lingers like a cat on dry grass.
Life literally hangs by a thread.
Life literally is a computation.
Life lives again.
Life lives in the details.
Life lives off life in nature.
Life lives on in the spirit world, though.
Life lives on somehow.
Life locally is comparatively leisurely.
Life long eating and shopping habits begin their development during college years.
Life long follow up and immunosuppressive drugs are also provided to transplant patients.
Life long friendships with similarly minded people of all ages and callings.
Life long friendships.
Life long learning and interaction with other people is another key factor in brain fitness.
Life long learning for librarians themselves requires extra effort for the international dimension.
Life long learning insures vitality as well as mental health.
Life looks a lot darker when viewed through a glass eye.
Life looks at people who have changed their lives by living their dreams.
Life looks better than it did then.
Life looks different from the other side of the desk.
Life looks different from the view of a bike's handlebars.
Life looks great now.
Life looks like a long bright reality together.
Life looks perfect lolita sex pictures.
Life looks pretty good from here, if only in contrast.
Life looks sweet, indeed.
Life looks very normal.
Life looms ahead, a tired, slow, boring show, filled with effort and adults using words.
Life loses all brightness.
Life loses all flavor.
Life loses all perspective.
Life loses it s color, and becomes black and white.
Life loses meaning.
Life loves itself so much it preserves itself.
Life loves the liver of it.
Life magick kills all simple life forms within two feet of the mage.
Life maintains a high inside balance by changing the environment.
Life maintains themselves in fluctuating envirnoments - regulation, homeostasis .
Life Make A Contribution.
Life makes beyond any passenger until prevent bauer in line skates.
Life makes demands, and it also provides rewards.
Life makes history.
Life makes little sense, rock video says, but there's always dancing.
Life makes no sense.
Life makes one further claim on hydrogen that is much less of a commonplace.
Life Makes pouch for one bath.
Life makes sure of that.
Life makes things much harder, and provides very nasty obstacles.
Life makes wide arcs.
Life makes Wing inside the ceiling with some machine.
Life manages to be full as it is, and the days pass.
Life manages to get worse.
Life manages very well without oxygen, evolving into flourishing communities of anaerobes.
Life manifests itself in both a living subject and an objective environment.
Life manifests itself in many different ways and under very different circumstances.
Life marches on .
Life marches on and time tugs at Pittsburgh.
Life marches on.
Life means a starling took wing.
Life means all it ever meant.
Life means all that it ever meant It is absolute, unbroken continuity.
Life means all That it ever meant It is the same unbroken continuity.
Life means all that it ever meant.
Life means all that it ever was, There is an unbroken continuity.
Life means both personal and professional.
Life means death for the informant.
Life means death.
Life means growth and development, the unfolding of love.
Life means keep happy.
Life means life in Iowa.
Life means life, no possibility of parole.
Life means life, there are very little chance of parole.
Life means life.
Life means nothing.
Life means participation.
Life means people, and people mean friendship, support, sustenance and love.
Life means progress, and progress means suffering.
Life means so much.
Life means taking risks.
Life means what it has always meant.
Life meets jazz.
Life mirrors the wife's inclination.
Life moves a little more slowly, and the savoring of it is a little more important.
Life moves at a natural pace in Wilson.
Life moves at a sensible, relaxed pace.
Life moves at a slow, friendly pace.
Life moves at a slower pace here.
Life moves at a slower pace in small towns.
Life moves at a slower pace, as do the prolonged vowels heard in the speech of most southerners.
Life moves at a slower pace.
Life moves at the slower, more gracious pace of another era.
Life moves far beyond the simplification of outward affairs into a higher responsibility to Love.
Life moves faster, parents work harder and kids are exposed to more younger and younger.
Life moves faster.
Life moves forward.
Life moves from sorrow to sorrow.
Life moves gracefully in a blend of past and present, East and West.
Life moves in clades.
Life moves in cycles.
Life moves in mysterious ways.
Life moves in one direction.
Life moves in stages, each bringing new opportunities and obstacles.
Life moves much more slowly.
Life moves on and people and circumstances change.
Life moves on as a flow.
Life moves on to the next phase and the painful search is over.
Life moves on, but it always repeats itself.
Life moves on, but memories remain.
Life moves on, stories change with that movement, and experience changes.
Life moves on, the berry harvest is good and the boy goes to school.
Life moves on.
Life moves out into the street caf s, parks and beaches.
Life moves pretty fast.
Life moves quickly for today's generation and they are quick to forget.
Life moves slowly here.
Life moves swiftly on our party since moving about every few weeks seems to be our fate.
Life moves too fast to sulk and dwell on the past.
Life narrows down, and crisis comes.
Life necessitates the idea of motion.
Life needs a worshiping place.
Life needs and relates to life.
Life needs both periodicity and chaos to exist.
Life needs death.
Life needs energy in order to live.
Life needs energy.
Life needs entropy.
Life needs light.
Life needs live foods that contain live enzymes to sustain life and optimum health.
Life needs meaning.
Life needs more than carbon.
Life needs news.
Life needs partners, life needs connectors with one another.
Life needs proving in poetry as well as in science.
Life needs safe places .
Life needs to be a lot more definitive than waiting for magic.
Life needs to be able to make different proteins at different times.
Life needs to be balanced to find rest for heart and body.
Life needs to be cheerful.
Life needs to be different for our Sailors.
Life needs to be lived with a challenge.
Life needs to be lived.
Life needs to be reviewed and managed.
Life needs to move ahead and the media needs to allow it.
Life needs to reproduce.
Life needs water for the chemical reactions that produce organics.
Life never answers.
Life never ceases for all is life eternally expressing through a multitude of forms.
Life never does know how to play fair.
Life never does.
Life never ends at the end of an adventure, there is no happily ever after.
Life never ends.
Life never gets any easier.
Life never gets boring.
Life never knows the return of spring.
Life never lets up.
Life never seems so real and present as when the fragility of existence comes into view.
Life never stands still and the greatest harvest of all is our own completion.
Life never stands still.
Life never stays the same, the only thing permanent is change.
Life never stops beating.
Life never stops in Kolkata.
Life never takes a break, so neither does So There.
Life never works the way as planned.
Life now brings new sets of challenges.
Life now goes through rapid changes as one becomes more assertive, happy, self-confident and real.
Life now has real meaning.
Life Now includes the consciousness of everyone.
Life now is indeed a balancing act.
Life now is infinitely better.
Life now is so good day to day.
Life now leads the series eight games to four.
Life now opens itself up to dimensions never before realized.
Life nowadays is complex, and demands many skills and capabilities from individuals.
Life observes itself through all the different egos.
Life occurs in different forms on earth.
Life offers a different perspective.
Life offers an endless banquet of opportunities.
Life Offers cheat codes.
Life offers endless possibilities, yet it has to end.
Life offers few pleasures more invigorating than the suc cessful exercise of our faculties.
Life offers lemons.
Life offers little to amuse the man who has everything.
Life offers many challenges and adventures.
Life offers many lessons, many opportunities.
Life offers many opportunities to do good.
Life offers many reasons to celebrate, but a new baby is, by far, the most wonderful one.
Life offers more than competition and isolation.
Life offers much more, even for people with severe disabilities.
Life offers neither inherent meaning nor dramatic effects.
Life offers no pleasure.
Life offers no promises, only opportunities.
Life offers no truth.
Life offers opportunity.
Life offers so much joy.
Life offers unlimited possibilities.
Life offers very few absolutes.
Life onboard is simple, unstructured and unstressful.
Life onboard tends to be less regimented and low key.
Life online does provide new lenses through which to examine current complexities.
Life online is about to get a lot more dangerous in the name of the law.
Life only appears to have it's own special irony, sometimes overt, sometimes needing interpretation.
Life only bothers u when u take it personally.
Life only exists now.
LIFE only funds a proportion of the cost of a project.
Life only gets harder from here.
Life only gets worse.
Life only happens once.
Life only has meaning as long as there is death.
Life only has to be true to itself.
Life only survives in a balanced ecological condition.
Life only uses left-handed amino acids and right handed surgars.
Life operates a network of stores that mainly sell food products.
Life operates in reverse action to entropy.
Life operates only by faith.
Life organizes around identity.
Life origins is a hard problem.
Life ought to be more than just achieving the have to s .
Life ought to be rejuvenated on and off.
Life outdoors begins to be bearable.
Life outweighing one s experiences, with a net good or bad value, is true for two reasons.
Life overall can often be a series of negotiations.
Life overcomes death.
Life overcomes the ugly, and it's about time.
Life overcomes time through seeds and the careful rearing of our young.
Life overflows the body.
Life overseas is quite fluid for many families.
Life overseas means hard work, constant danger and culture shock.
Life owes nobody fair treatment.
Life parallels art.
Life participates in all federal financial-aid programs.
Life passes by at a slower clip and people have more time.
Life passes in a moment's waiting.
Life passes so swiftly.
Life passes through and on.
Life passes, and the eye never tires of taking clear images into the heart.
Life permeates everywhere and anywhere always and forever.
Life persists and human beings persevere.
Life places basically the same choice constantly in our path.
Life plays funny tricks.
Life plays tag for keeps.
Life poses many hazards.
Life poses many serious problems.
Life precedes form.
Life presents an absolute aspect and an individual aspect.
Life presents challenges that can only be faced with information.
Life presents degrees of difficulty.
Life presents many challenges.
Life presents many initiatory places.
Life presents many opportunities, Many blessings in disguise.
Life presents many situations for everyone to play a wide variety of roles.
Life presents mirrors for reflection, depending upon what one needs to see or wants to see .
Life presents precious windows of opportunity to get up, get out and feed all of our senses.
Life presents situations.
Life presents stressful situations.
Life preserver A foot-long wooden club with a knob on the end used to stun a victim.
Life presupposes effort.
Life proceeds as usual.
Life proceeds at a slower pace here.
Life proceeds by division of cells.
Life processes at molecular level.
Life processes in gray Norway rats during fourteen years of captivity.
Life processes in plants - nutrition.
Life processes of the insects, including reviews of current problems in insect physiology.
Life produces dirty laundry.
Life produces itself.
Life produces life.
Life produces many learning situations.
Life progresses by enlarging and dividing cells.
Life progresses to offer more challenges and difficulties.
Life proliferates habits.
Life promotes peace.
Life protects it.
Life proves ambiguous at many levels, and so does art.
Life proves otherwise.
Life provides a lot of room for personal creation.
Life provides all the pieces.
Life provides insight.
Life provides many opportunities that test our faith.
Life provides mystery and romance for two sisters.
Life provides plenty to worry about.
Life provides the chronology for moral choice.
Life provides the raw material of organisms and species which allows evolution to evolve further.
Life pulses only in a few scattered nightspots.
Life pulses, mind imagines, emotions wave, thoughts wander.
Life quickens now.
Life quickly changes from the simplicities of arranging wedding seats to grave digging.
Life quickly slips away from a body that is deprived of oxygen.
Life rafts Inflatable life rafts are carried on the vessel in enclosed fibreglass containers.
Life rafts on all boats.
Life rafts on some boats.
Life rafts too.
Life raises questions.
Life reaches a new but different plateau.
Life reaches out to life.
Life really begins at dusk in Rome.
Life really can be an adventure, just take it one day at a time.
Life really can be beautiful.
Life really can be more enjoyable and pain free.
Life really can get better in a caregiving situation.
Life really is about sex, alcohol and other fun substances.
Life really is beautiful.
Life really is but a dream.
Life really is great.
Life really is like a box of chocolates.
Life really is often way weirder than art, however.
Life really is short.
Life really IS simple, contrary to popular opinion.
Life really is too hard to navigate alone.
Life really is too short for that.
Life really is too short to spend it unhappily.
Life really is unfair.
Life really is very fantastic and one has to have a peculiar sense of humour to see the fun of it.
Life really stinks sometimes.
Life rearranges The decision was hard, but unavoidable.
Life refers to time and light refers to space.
Life refines the basics despite the complexity of the system.
Life refuses to be embalmed alive.
Life relates to growth.
Life relates to larval growth.
Life relaxes a notch.
Life remains inspiration.
Life remains mostly rural and traditions prevail.
Life remains relatively good.
Life remains simple, but the culture surrounding our pathways through it keeps getting more complex.
Life remands calm on the farm.
Life repeates once again.
Life represents a new emergent quality.
Life represents goodness.
Life reproduces because cells are designed to gain potential energy.
Life reproduces itself.
Life reproduces with heredity.
Life requires a life-giver.
Life requires action, boldness and decisiveness.
Life requires active biogeochemical cycles - Plate tectonics.
Life requires attention.
Life requires big changes sometimes.
Life requires both energy and materials to develop and function.
Life requires both homochirality of polymers and very high stereospecificity in self-replication.
Life requires catalysts which are specific for a single type of molecule.
Life requires complexity, because complexity is required for adaptation and reproduction.
Life requires constant, focused thought and actions towards one's goals.
Life requires creative tension, and without squares and oppositions there is no energy and movement.
Life requires energy transfer and transformation.
Life requires experience and experience is wisdom.
Life requires food.
Life requires for one to have a few vital characteristics, including the ability to replicate.
Life requires huge body gestures.
Life requires intelligence.
Life requires keeping a foot in two different places.
Life requires living organisms to be organized, grow, reproduce and evolve.
Life requires medical attention.
Life requires no egalitarian aim, only satisfaction and enjoyment for self.
Life requires order and with insanity make changes with emotion.
Life requires protection.
Life requires risk.
Life requires special protection.
Life requires striving and struggle if it is to be successful.
Life requires that certain things be accomplished in a timely fashion.
Life requires that everyone grow.
Life requires thousands of genes.
Life requires water and several other specific elements.
Life requires water.
Life respects the cultural and ritual differences among the various rites.
Life responds to an ever changing environment and some things prosper and some things lose out.
Life responds to disturbance, using matter and energy to stay intact.
Life responds to our beliefs.
Life responds to stimuli.
Life results from death.
Life resumes as before.
Life resumes in the lava cast grave of a tree.
Life retracts into roots that become hidden and forgotten in the frozen soil.
Life returns and color is reborn in the rich greens and yellows of the crops and trees.
Life returns from death and dormancy like shape shifting water spirits escaping their frozen forms.
Life returns quickly.
Life returns to how it was before the war.
Life Returns to Kuwait.
Life returns to normal.
Life returns to the sidewalks.
Life returns, and fears' lies end.
Life reverses local entropy.
Life reviews help older adults feel better and to remember significant life experiences.
Life revolves around a routine.
Life revolves around eating.
Life revolves around food and good drink, and the pub is the center for any social activity.
Life revolves around it.
Life revolves around movement.
Life revolves around our daughter.
Life revolves around our family and making sure our kids develop into the best they can be.
Life revolves around our family.
Life revolves around some general truths.
Life revolves around survival.
Life revolves around tests, treatments and trying desperately to feel well.
Life revolves around the car.
Life revolves around the harbour and the fishing trade that helped it grow to prosperity.
Life revolves around the tides, and tide tables are kept in the house.
Life revolves around themselves, and they are busy seeking their own fulfillment.
Life revolves around weaving.
Life rewards action.
Life ribbons through a pre-existing flank.
Life rises in the roots, in the leaves.
Life run wild.
Life runs hot in Hollywood.
Life runs like a stream Between barriers of laughter and sorrow, Through storms, sunshine and pain.
Life runs on a different timetable.
Life runs on a faster pace now.
Life rushes by so fast.
Life s a Beach .
Life s a bitch.
Life s a bowl of cherries, say some.
Life s a garden.
Life s a mystery.
Life s a tough proposition, and the first hundred years are the hardest.
Life s about giving back to the community so everyone can learn and benefit together.
Life s easier when funding jumbo loans.
Life s full of ironies, even in the rarefied world of ballroom dancing.
Life s funny that way sometimes.
Life s good.
Life 's hard.
Life s like that.
Life s little ironies and all the rollercoaster rides of being a woman.
Life s little pleasures.
Life s pretty exciting.
Life s pretty good here, actually.
Life s short, and one spends most of it working for someone else.
Life s Short.
Life s the pits, say others.
Life s too short to be pissed off all the time.
Life s too short to have it any other way.
Life s too short to live it constantly stressed.
Life s too short to live only for others.
Life s too short to miss out on having fun.
Life s too short to spend every spring feeling so badly.
Life s too short to waste on bitterness.
Life s too short.
Life s tough, but it can be a hoot.
Life s tough.
Life saps our energy and spirit.
Life saving action takes precedence over all other religious obligations.
Life says celebrities have taken to yoga because they want to give back what they ve earned.
Life sciences companies even take a little longer.
Life sciences experiences and education is a big advantage.
Life sciences for undergraduates and high school students.
Life sciences One group that did see more funding is technology companies focused on life sciences.
Life sciences research conducts a broad program of basic and applied biological research.
Life sciences research -in genetics, biochemistry, forestry and agriculture.
Life sciences research.
Life sciences resources and reference tools.
Life seems a bit slower.
Life seems a bit surreal at the moment.
Life seems a chaos with no way out.
Life seems a joke, a cruel, grim joke.
Life seems a long time ago.
Life seems almost bound to have a selfish streak.
Life seems almost hopeless at times.
Life seems almost to be overflowing.
Life seems an unending cycle of chores and responsibilities.
Life seems at times suspended here, on the twenty second floor.
Life seems barren and their future, hopeless.
Life seems beautiful and tranquil.
Life seems better that way.
Life seems brimming with predictable promise.
Life seems cruel and mean.
Life seems dark, scary and fragmented.
Life seems easier and the working day is a pleasure.
Life seems easier, less complicated.
Life seems easy for the first time after a year of pure hell.
Life seems empty without music.
Life seems enough, simplified to a level of a basic awareness of existence.
Life seems far more exhilarating and makes so much more sense.
Life seems flat.
Life seems forever transformed.
Life seems full of promise.
Life seems good for now.
Life seems good for the retired fighter, until all of the sudden things change.
Life seems good.
Life seems hopeless.
Life seems meaningless .
Life seems meaningless or like nothing good is ever going to happen again.
Life seems meaningless or like nothing good is ever to happen again.
Life seems meaningless.
Life seems more accessible, less closed off.
Life seems more complex and less rewarding than it did in the good old days.
Life seems more complicated.
Life seems more unfair with every crisp autumn day.
Life seems most meaningful when frail.
Life seems much simpler and more enjoyable without television and telephone.
Life seems normal.
Life seems out of control for so many.
Life seems out of control.
Life seems pointless and hopelessly messed up.
Life seems pointless and without hope.
Life seems pointless with an end.
Life seems possible again.
Life seems pretty hopeless.
Life seems pretty precious The gift of life is extremely precious.
Life seems simple, unhurried and carefree.
Life seems simpler here, less complicated.
Life seems simpler.
Life seems simply too darned resilient, in some form or another.
Life seems so broken and off kilter.
Life seems so difficult.
Life seems so fragile right now and the feelings of many are so mixed.
Life seems so much better when peace arrives.
Life seems so much more complicated today.
Life seems so much more relaxed and simpler here.
Life seems so much more special now.
Life seems so short.
Life seems so small, So short and meaningless.
Life seems so unfair.
Life seems sometimes more tragic, sometimes more luminous.
Life seems somewhat more satisfying than it once was.
Life seems superficial.
Life seems surreal.
Life seems sweet in a way, but life has also become meaningless.
Life seems terribly cold and awful.
Life seems the same way.
Life seems the strongest and most indestructible thing in the world.
Life seems to always be so busy.
Life seems to be a age for only younger times that is wasted.
Life seems to be a burlesque, an attempt to misrepresent almost everything.
Life seems to be a constant process of making decisions.
Life seems to be a continuum of drudgery.
Life seems to be a continuum of firsts.
Life seems to be a learning curve.
Life seems to be a never-ending story with no clear answers only more and more questions.
Life seems to be a perpetual struggle, some enormous effort against staggering odds.
Life seems to be able to cling on in some hostile ecosystems.
Life seems to be able to reverse the process.
Life seems to be an emergent property of a series of interrelated chemical reactions.
Life seems to be an experience in ascending and descending.
Life seems to be an experience of trying to stave off boredom.
Life seems to be at a standstill, exquisite and yet unappreciated, untouched.
Life seems to be flowing freely and nature is existing harmoniously.
Life seems to be getting more complicated every day.
Life seems to be growing increasingly complex and frightening.
Life seems to be it's own reason for being.
Life seems to be just a series of such configurations.
Life seems to be made of happiness, publicity, and sex.
Life seems to be moving in the slow motion peculiar to every postpartum.
Life seems to be moving to extremes.
Life seems to be one adaptation after another . . . .
Life seems to be particularly prolific under the seabed as opposed to under land.
Life seems to be separated into before and after.
Life seems to be that way too.
Life seems to be the ultimate entropic contradiction.
Life seems to be too painful.
Life seems to be varying degrees of the two extremes.
Life seems to begin again in the Spring.
Life seems to come in erratic doses of challenges and tests, of highs and lows.
Life seems to consist of a hierarchy of organizations.
Life seems to continue untouched by the Chinese occupation.
Life seems to defy entropy and evolution seems to create more ordered, better adapted populations.
Life seems to get harder and harsher.
Life seems to get in the way of adventures.
Life seems to have a prior claim, like heat.
Life seems to have a way of finding a way to exist.
Life seems to have become more of a struggle, with less rather than more time to rest.
Life seems to have many ways of retribution for our mistakes.
Life seems to have popped up on earth with surprising rapidity.
Life seems to have returned to normal.
Life seems to have sprung up suddenly On all sides.
Life seems to have two steps.
Life seems to increase in activity as a direct result of the rigors of the climate.
Life seems to involve a sort of oscillation between full life and half death.
Life seems to love the liver of it.
Life seems to produce life and death thoughts produce death or a slow death of worsening health.
Life seems to speed up.
Life seems tolerable then.
Life seems too distant.
Life seems too full for everyone to do anything simple anymore.
Life seems too short to waste time and energy being depressed, angry, or just plain miserable.
Life seems uncertain.
Life seems very untrustworthy right now.
Life seems very very full.
Life seems virtually overflowing with hardship and suffering.
Life seems wonderful when there are a lot of flowers around.
Life seems worth living again all of a sudden.
Life sentences with no chance of parole for, well, everything.
Life serves up plenty of opposition to maintaining an inner life.
Life settles into routine.
Life shaped by time is art.
Life shapes the brain's development.
Life sheds new light on the working woman.
Life sheds one generation after another, to be born again.
Life shows an amazing ability to adapt, and even thrive, in extreme environmental conditions.
Life shows no signs of slowing down, either.
Life shows up.
Life shrinks and expands in proportion to one's courage.
Life shrinks or expands according to one's courage.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Life simply goes on.
Life simply is.
Life sings and improvises from molecules to galaxies.
Life sits in the middle some where.
Life skills assessment and planning assignment.
Life skills attitudes in everyday living.
Life skills coordinators.
Life skills core concepts and drug topics.
Life skills development, teamwork, and community interaction are key program components.
Life skills education for youth and adults.
Life skills education helps children understand themselves, their friends and their world.
Life skills education.
Life skills for love or food addicts.
Life skills for someone who is blind includes independent living and travel.
Life skills for urban, at-risk youth.
Life skills guide for lesbians on many aspects of being part of a couple relationship.
Life skills instruction comprises one-third of the student's daily school learning experience.
Life skills lessons start by enriching each child's self-awareness.
Life skills such as communication skills, time-management, and stress management.
Life skills such as communication skills, time-planning, and stress management.
Life skills such as leadership, creative use of leisure time, communication, and responsibility.
Life skills training .
Life skills training and counseling help to prepare individuals for the work force.
Life skills training and counselling assist youth in the transition to independent living.
Life skills training for boys is dismal where it involves caring for themselves or others.
Life skills training.
Life skills United States.
Life slips away as if Nobody knows.
Life slips in as years slip by.
Life slips past and time is gone.
Life slowly decays from the depths of down below.
Life slows almost to a stop.
Life slows as the harvest is completed.
Life slows down a bit.
Life slows down a little in the passive stage, and so do costs.
Life slows down.
Life slows to a gentler pace.
Life slows to an easy stroll on horseback amidst Colorado's forested back country.
Life smells like vomit.
Life sneaks up.
Life soars high and free, like the birds up over the sea.
Life somehow has to go on.
Life span human development, child and adolescent psychology.
Life span less than one year.
Life span short to intermediate.
Life span Up to two years.
Life speeds along.
Life spends tend to be much shorter.
Life spreads in colonies across the jumbled terrain.
Life spreads to wherever it can find.
Life springs anew in power.
Life springs forth anew.
Life springs forth from death.
Life springs from the ashes - and the future is born again.
Life stages refers to the various developmental stages of an animals life.
Life stages unknown.
Life stages with sex differences.
Life stands between mission and the flow of fate.
Life stands still.
Life startes at conception.
Life starts again after a while.
Life starts and goes to the end filled with woes.
Life starts anew.
Life starts feeling pointless.
Life starts out rough for a young hyena cub.
Life starts right as the central yolk splits in two.
Life starts to fall apart.
Life starts to get back to normal.
Life starts to imitate art, and double-dealing seems to be the name of the game.
Life starts to slow down.
Life starts to unfold more effortlessly, and things begin to fall into place.
Life starts with communication and ends when our ability to communicate ceases.
Life starts with communication and ends when the ability to communicate ceases.
Life stays interesting.
Life stays pretty busy.
Life steadily collapses in scope and size until it becomes small, bland, and naked to the elements.
Life sticks out.
Life still brings laughter, death still summons tears.
Life still continues to center around the church also.
Life still counts for something.
Life still goes on as normal.
Life still goes on.
Life still has that elegant resort feel.
Life still is far better than fiction.
Life Still Lingers A view of Roosevelt Island from the tram.
Life still seems to be a pile of disconnected pieces.
Life stimulates the idea of starting anew like life on Earth.
Life stirs, too, in the backyard.
Life stops becoming a fun, light, enjoyable experience.
Life stops being fun.
Life stops for a second in time.
Life stops, rearranges, begins anew, with new rules, problems and aspirations.
Life stresses .
Life stretches on endlessly, timelessly forward.
Life strikes one as meaningless, a frightful ghost.
Life strips everybody of all their accomplishments, some sooner than others.
Life strives to be healthy, and to exist as long as possible.
Life Strives to Survive.
Life sucks .
Life Sucks A poem.
Life sucks all the time.
Life sucks and fishing is kinda stupid.
Life sucks and school is a never ending nightmare.
Life sucks balls.
Life sucks indefinitely.
Life sucks so fucking much .
Life sucks so why live it.
Life sucks sometimes and rejection is a part of it.
Life sucks sometimes, but there is always a way out.
Life sucks sometimes.
Life sucks without a girlfriend.
Life sucks without a paycheck.
Life sucks, but it's better than the alternative.
Life sucks, get a helmet.
Life sucks, just sit down and let it pass.
Life sucks, man.
Life sucks, sometimes.
Life sucks, whassup.
Life suddenly becomes so simpler.
Life suddenly seems a never-ending carnival of the mind, in the mind, for the mind.
Life suddenly seems out of balance.
Life suddenly seems to be full of new and horrible fears, limitations or permanent frustrations.
Life supplies roses amid the thorns.
Life supports decisions.
Life sure can be grand sometimes.
Life sure can be hard.
Life sure can be pure hell sometimes.
Life sure can change in a few short years.
Life surges forth in buds and sprouts.
Life surges forward.
Life survives by seizing the opportunity to exploit needed resources.
Life survives by the principle of economy it maintains in itself.
Life survives in the chaos of the cosmos by picking order out of the winds.
Life sustaining resources are certainly food, water, shelter, and human companionship.
Life sustaining treatment depends on laws and individual conscience.
Life sustains all the forms requiring life.
Life sustains itself on other life, be it plant or animal.
Life sustains life.
Life swells in barren spaces.
Life swiftly passes by.
Life swirls around a waterhole in Kalahari woodland at the dry season's height.
Life swirls on at a tremendous pace.
Life switches to slow motion.
Life Take care.
Life take form new.
Life takes a turn.
Life takes another direction.
Life Takes Guts.
Life takes in and uses energy.
Life takes it's toll.
Life takes maintenance to ward off entropy.
Life takes many unexpected turns.
Life takes on a different flavor, a different direction.
Life takes on a different form.
Life takes on a different meaning when the possibility of losing it becomes a reality.
Life takes on a different perspective when seen from a wheelchair.
Life takes on a hellish, unbearable quality.
Life takes on a new heaviness.
Life takes on a new luster.
Life takes on a new meaning.
Life takes on a richness and clarity that makes all the bad times and humdrum fade away.
Life takes on a slow-down as pain increases and needs change.
Life takes on a whole different meaning.
Life takes on another meaning, the work is left behind for a few days and families become stronger.
Life takes on more meaning for it now has a purpose.
Life takes on new meaning.
Life takes on significance at night.
Life takes place in a place.
Life takes place in a polymer gel phase that operates at nanoscale dimensions.
Life takes place in offices, movie theatres, nightclubs, hotels and shopping centres.
Life takes place through dialog and struggle of opposites.
Life takes place through the concerted flow of numerous biological processes.
Life takes precedence over limb, and functional repair over cosmetic concern.
Life takes shape in our daily choices.
Life takes some very odd turns.
Life takes strange and perverse twists and turns.
Life takes strange and unpredictable turns.
Life takes strange turns.
Life takes strange twists though.
Life takes the most unexpected turns.
Life takes unpredictable turns, and people sometimes make uninformed choices.
Life takes up energy and secretes the waste products.
Life Taking control of diabetes has many benefits.
Life tastes good.
Life tastes sweet,'' one read.
Life tastes sweeter than it ever has.
Life teaches knowledge and experience, but it is death that teaches wisdom.
Life teaches lessons helpful in resolving the problems of teaching.
Life teaches some very hard lessons, and no where is it more evident than in the area of debt.
Life teaches, life gives and life takes but life makes no mistakes.
Life tends to be cyclic.
Life tends to be made up of short bursts of intense activity followed by long periods of relaxation.
Life tends to be on the hectic side for a lot of people.
Life tends to be somewhat different in the tropics as well.
Life tends to swing to the slow track.
Life testing upper quality teams invest testers.
Life Tests all relays to meet our high quality standard.
Life tests our sense of humor.
Life then becomes a prayer, infused with gratitude and joy, and at the deepest level, peace.
Life then becomes about community, oneness, and celebration.
Life then is there again, but that which is blessed.
Life then is thereagain, but that which is blessed.
Life then seems both simpler and more complex by modern comparison.
Life then takes on a deterministic flavor, which breeds resignation.
Life then teems with excitement.
Life then tosses up possibilities, moments to grasp.
Life then undergoes a series of evolutionary leaps into successive layers of complexity .
Life there centers around the crops.
Life there has many possibilities now, but it is a difficult life in some respects.
Life there is a bit tougher than in the south, because jobs are sometimes hard to find.
Life there is a constant struggle against the billions of life forms that infest it.
Life there is at a very pleasant pace and the natural beauty is something to be admired.
Life there is bad enough, but they make it worse by victimizing each other.
Life there is filled with oppression, injustice, poverty, and hunger.
Life there is harsh and short.
Life there is largely unchanged.
Life there is much easier.
Life there is quiet.
Life there revolves around the whims of mother nature.
Life therefore has direction and meaning.
Life therefore is enjoyed for a little while.
Life thinks and walks and talks like a personification.
Life though is very uncertain and the unexpected can sabotage the best of plans.
Life threatening conditions Go to the nearest emergency room.
Life threatening disasters strike somewhere in the world almost daily.
Life threatening diseases can be the most difficult challenges for people to face.
Life threatening eating disorders are on the rise.
Life threatening injuries require immediate ambulance transportation to a medical facility.
Life threatening opportunistic infections develop.
Life threatening reactions are very rare.
Life threatening treachery, ambition and betrayal create the comic drama that follows.
Life thrives in the steady moving of the plates or in the period of oceanic plate subduction.
Life thrives on Earth's surface, shielded from harmful ultraviolet radiation by the ozone layer.
Life throws curve balls.
Life throws everyone curves at times.
Life throws obstacles in everyone s path.
Life tinkers itself into new possibilities.
Life together can swirl into a downward tailspin.
Life together deals with the social vision of the Christian life in community.
Life together is mutually beneficial.
Life too is an epidemic, sons catching it from fathers, daughters from mothers.
Life too is based on ideas.
Life translates like that.
Life travels upward in spirals.
Life trickles in from the outside.
Life trickles sweetly on.
Life tries out different shapes and then returns from where it came.
Life triggers recognition scenes, hunches, lightning bolts.
Life triumphs at times, death at others.
Life triumphs over death.
Life truely is fantastic.
Life truly can be magical.
Life truly fails to come remotely close to what is just and fair.
Life truly is a dynamic thing.
Life truly is amazing and filled with many mysteries.
Life truly is beautiful there.
Life truly IS for the living.
Life truly is good.
Life truly is perfect.
Life truly is precious.
Life truly is too short to miss the real thing.
Life truly is what the individual makes it.
Life tumbles all over the port area, the same kind of bustling life that characterises the town.
Life turns full circle.
Life turns in peculiar directions.
Life turns man up and down.
Life turns on such details.
Life turns out to be dependent on the whims of chaos.
Life turns serious.
Life turns ugly and incomprehensible.
Life turns upside down with days turning nights and vice-versa.
Life typically slows down in the summer, and the business world is no different.
Life unrolls at forty miles per hour as whins drip gobbets of golden fire.
Life uses a much greater range of functions.
Life uses bases in nucleic acids to carry information .
Life uses energy .
Life uses energy.
Life uses idiosyncratic, highly efficient sequences of reactions.
Life uses many well shot photos.
Life uses messes to get to well-ordered solutions .
Life uses messes to get to well-ordered solutions. .
Life uses messes to get to well-ordered solutions.
Life vacillates through such cycles.
Life varies around a mean average.
Life vibrates to the sound of music and sways in a profusion of colours.
Life waits for no one.
Life wants so to go on living.
Life wants to be, and it also wants to know.
Life wears a garland of fruit and flowers and the face is lined with the cares and worries of life.
Life well spent is long.
Life winds down quietly here as the setting sun glistens on the velvet waters of the Mekong.
Life wins always even when the desperation is extreme.
Life works as an extremist, a fanatic without moderation.
Life works best on a personal scale.
Life works better that way.
Life works better.
Life works effortlessly and great things happen.
Life works in mysterious ways.
Life works just the reverse of what the natural man thinks.
Life works like that sometimes.
Life works like that.
Life works much better.
Life works on many levels in response to entropy.
Life works on reality consequences.
Life works the same way.
Life works wonderfully and great things happen.
Life works, but it's inherently chaotic and a lot of work.
Life yearns to express and to express abundantly.
Life yields only to the conqueror.
Life's a Beach .
Life's a beach enjoy it.
Life's a beach here.
Life's a beach or is it a pool.
Life's a beach with fuel-cell powered cars.
Life's a beach, and then global climate change raises sea level.
Life's a beach, as the saying goes.
Life's a Beach, then the pot farmers make trouble for everyone.
Life's a beach.
Life's a big fake.
Life's a big tough at the moment. .
Life's a birch, and then one dies.
Life's a bit busy, but very good.
Life's a bitch - but some of the puppies are cute.
Life's a bitch . .
Life's a bitch that way.
Life's a bitch, and life's got lots of sisters.
Life's a bitch, man.
Life's a bitch.
Life's a blurred journey, like a walk in a beautiful garden.
Life's a bowl of cherries, say some.
Life's a bowl of cherries.
Life's a box of crackers.
Life's a butcher's theater.
Life's a cabaret.
Life's a challenge.
Life's a choice.
Life's a cinch.
Life's a circus.
Life's a comedy.
Life's a contraction.
Life's a crapshoot anyway.
Life's a dance.
Life's a funny proposition after all.
Life's a game and men the gamblers.
Life's a game.
Life's a garden, dig it.
Life's a garden.
Life's a gas.
Life's a Gas.
Life's a good joke.
Life's a great journey.
Life's a hustle, get money, get power, get buried.
Life's a job.
Life's a joke.
Life's a journey .
Life's a journey always worth taking.
Life's a journey of learning.
Life's a Journey, take the scenic route.
Life's a journey.
Life's a joy.
Life's a jug.
Life's a laugh and death's a joke.
Life's a little more difficult, a little less convenient.
Life's a long song.
Life's a long term investment to maturity.
Life's a lot easier that way.
Life's a lot easier with a positive attitude.
Life's a lot like the ocean.
Life's a movement or ought to be.
Life's a muddle, an only partially successful attempt to impose order upon disorder.
Life's a negotiation.
Life's a one way trip, on a road with no markings.
Life's a pain in the ass.
Life's a place where it's forbidden to live.
Life's a puzzle.
Life's a pyramid scheme.
Life's a risk.
Life's a routine.
Life's a scream.
Life's a stage.
Life's a sweet, sweet song.
Life's a tough job, and the hours are a bitch.
Life's a trip.
Life's a Trip.
Life's a virgin.
Life's a voyage that's homeward bound.
Life's a whole long journey, boy.
Life's a whole new ball game in Jesus.
Life's about opportunities.
Life's all about balance.
Life's already way too complicated.
Life's always a balancing act.
Life's an adventure - or one is dead, one way or the other.
Life's an adventure, and college life is just one step along the way.
Life's an adventure.
Life's an empty, cheating game.
Life's as a ladder.
Life's definitely good.
Life's easier that way.
Life's ever connecting circles determine our roundabout fate.
Lifes flow pumping through the heart, While pain is ripping the soul apart.
Life's generally pretty good.
Life's great in North America, And freedom leads the way.
Life's hard enough.
Life's harder than that.
Life's in session.
Life's in Technicolor.
Life's just a crock.
Life's just a game.
Life's just full of forks in the road.
Life's just that way.
Life's just too complex.
Life's just too fast to take stock.
Life's just too good in Gainesville.
Life's just too short to have negative feelings.
Life's just too short to push it away.
Life's just too short to waste on such nonsense.
Life's like that sometimes.
Life's like that. . . .
Life's like that.
Life's much more fun.
Life's never so straightforward.
Life's no fair.
Life's no free lunch.
Life's quite a mess.
Life's really like that.
Life's rough, get a helmet.
Life's short enough.
Life's that way some times.
Life's the pits, say others.
Life's the Teacher.
Life's to short for anything else.
Life's to short to waste on such petty issues as what bit of data belongs to whom.
Life's too complex to attribute selfishness to one group of women or another.
Life's too damn hard here.
Life's too funny.
Life's too interesting to put forward specific foreshadowing.
Life's too rich and full.
Life's too serious.
Life's too short .
Life's too short and fast for that.
Life's too short and grim as it is.
Life's too short and problems are too expensive.
Life's too short and southeast Oregon is too beautiful to waste.
Life's too short and the job market is too tight to deal with goobers like that.
Life's too short for a ghost who can only be enjoyed in retrospect.
Life's too short for an ongoing argument.
Life's too short for bad coffee.
Life's too short for boundaries.
Life's too short for bullshit.
Life's too short for cheap beer.
Life's too short for crappy coffee.
Life's too short for fighting.
Life's too short for hatred and discrimination.
Life's too short for losers.
Life's too short for miles of dirty grout, mold, mildew, or stains.
Life's too short for that kind of sickness.
Life's too short for that stuff.
Life's too short for that.
Life's too short for the same old theater.
Life's too short to avoid all that.
Life's too short to be a hero.
Life's too short to be alone.
Life's too short to be ashamed of the human body and humanity.
Life's too short to be greedy.
Life's too short to be ladled with regrets.
Life's too short to be miserable.
Life's too short to be pissed off all the time.
Life's too short to be playing games and be alone.
Life's too short to be sick.
Life's too short to be small.
Life's too short to be stuck in a rut.
Life's too short to bother with anything else.
Life's too short to care much for the uncared-for.
Life's too short to chase all proprietary extensions the various browser vendors have thought up.
Life's too short to compromise.
Life's too short to dance with ugly men.
Life's too short to dance with ugly women.
Life's too short to deal with somebody like that.
Life's too short to deal with the hassles of billing statements.
Life's too short to die small.
Life's too short to drink bad cocktails.
Life's too short to drink cheap beer.
Life's too short to drink mediocre beer.
Life's too short to drive slow.
Life's too short to eat bad bread.
Life's too short to fight losing battles.
Life's too short to fully discuss that point here.
Life's too short to get all bent out of shape by a little plant.
Life's too short to give up all one's dreams.
Life's too short to haggle over pseudo-authenticity.
Life's too short to have a stinky monitor.
Life's too short to have regrets.
Life's too short to hold grudges, anyway.
Life's too short to keep score like that.
Life's too short to listen to all that crap.
Life's too short to live for the almighty dollar and doing so leads only to deception and pain.
Life's too short to live with a spouse with no values.
Life's too short to make the bed.
Life's too short to miss a valuable opportunity.
Life's too short to miss out.
Life's too short to play bad golf.
Life's too short to play games.
Life's too short to practice medicine just anywhere.
Life's too short to process images and write HTML by hand.
Life's too short to put up with a plate full of glop.
Life's too short to read bloated books.
Life's too short to read books that only focus on the gray emotions.
Life's too short to reminisce about lost opportunity.
Life's too short to ride bad boards.
Life's too short to ride ugly horses.
Life's too short to risk it.
Life's too short to risk paper cuts from junk mail.
Life's too short to send boring email.
Life's too short to spend it searching the magazine universe for great articles.
Life's too short to spend it stressing out.
Life's too short to spend it waiting for users to change their ways.
Life's too short to spend it worrying.
Life's too short to spend miserable.
Life's too short to spend time printing, folding, and stuffing statements.
Life's too short to stare at a screen all day.
Life's too short to suffer such whiners.
Life's too short to surrender our sense of humor.
Life's too short to sweat the little things.
Life's too short to sweat the small stuff.
Life's too short to take seriously.
Life's too short to talk all the time.
Life's too short to tell the truth.
Life's too short to wait any longer.
Life's too short to waste and it's never too late to make a change.
Life's too short to waste creative energy on bad times.
Life's too short to waste time moping.
Life's too short to waste time on mediocrity.
Life's too short to watch crap, so none is listed here.
Life's too short to work away.
Life's too short to worry about every little thing.
Life's too short to worry about little things.
Life's too short to worry about rejection or what other people think.
Life's too short to worry about unimportant things like an e-mail.
Life's too short, and all that.
Life's too short, back it up.
Life's too short, so get one.
Life's too short.
Life's too sweet to feel hurt and misunderstood.
Life's tough all over more than it is anywhere else.
Life's tough at the top.
Life's tough in the corporate world.
Life's tough in the whelping box.
Life's tough that way sometimes.
Lives are at risk without full radio coverage.
Lives are at risk.
Lives are at stake here.
Lives are at stake, and so are livelihoods.
Lives are at stake, the teacher's as well as the students'.
Lives are at stake.
Lives are boring.
Lives are good.
Lives are in danger.
Lives are in the balance.
Lives are meaningless without passion, be it for work, play, or song and dance.
Lives are more complex.
Lives are more valuable than property.
Lives are on hold.
Lives are on the line.
Lives are processed into forms, forms bleed into each other.
Lives are sacred.
Lives are shaped by symbols, symbols shape people s behavior.
Lives are so busy.
Lives are sometimes at risk.
Lives are then at stake.
Lives are threatened and taken.
Lives are to precious to loose.
Lives are torn apart as a parent, a spouse or a child fights alcohol addiction.
Lives are very different.
Lives based on a judicious respect for reality tend to be more rewarding.
Lives become wrecks when people fashion their lives after the lost.
Lives Below are Links to real news stories.
Lives Call RPEP for drop-in hours or to make an appointment.
Lives can be, and have been, lost in our reach for the stars.
Lives can change abruptly.
Lives can change in an instant.
Lives can change very quickly.
Lives can depend on it.
Lives can depend on that data.
Lives can intertwine like tendrils of cigar smoke around a small shop.
Lives certainly are at risk.
Lives change and it is an exciting experience.
Lives change and religious experience deepens.
Lives change for the better.
Lives change when a community cares.
Lives collapse too.
Lives come into existence and pass.
Lives confirms that.
Lives continue in their separate paths after time is spent together.
Lives continue to be blighted by being denied their full expression.
Lives cut tragically short as some live to be ancient without ever risking and thus never living.
Lives depend on it working well.
Lives depend on it.
Lives Depend On It.
Lives depend on our rapid deployment.
Lives differ, and lives change.
Lives do change.
Lives follow time lines.
Lives Forever delivers a delightfully fresh single player experience.
Lives Forever is a perfect example.
Lives Forever is a story-driven first person shooter, and a great one at that.
Lives Forever is a unique and stylish experience well worth the cost of admission.
Lives Forever is as good a first-person shooter as it is funky and stylish.
Lives Forever rewards a subtle touch, but also allows a more direct approach.
Lives Forever rewards players with soft footsteps.
Lives Forever seems to run slower than most first person shooters.
Lives go on.
Lives hang in the balance of our personal choices.
Lives hang in the balance.
Lives have last chapters too.
Lives have worth, and they have symmetry.
Lives is Ca.
Lives led by real people consistently defy the science explains all school of thinking.
Lives lost to friendly fire are a devastating cost of battle.
Lives lost to the revolving door is the price of crime that no one can afford.
Lives mingle, people tame one another and part.
Lives pass by and then are gone again.
Lives pitch their frequencies into the fine junk heart and lung mish-mash.
Lives really are at stake.
Lives ruined are even harder to count.
Lives slip from request recall.
Lives take precedence over property.
Life always adds new meanings, and flavor to words.
Life always comes back-it pushes right out of the soil.
Life always comes down to a matter of faith.
Life always comes from life.
Life always comes to the way of death and other obfuscations.
Life always escapes.
Life always finds a way to reproduce itself.
Life always finds a way to survive.
Life always finds a way.
Life always gets harder near the summit.
Life always gives unexpected challenges, and it's best to be prepared.
Life always goes according to plan, and during basketball practice every shot goes in.
Life always has a reason, And even sadness is worth something.
Life always has it ups and downs.
Life always has two faces, beautiful and ugly, good and bad, light and dark, yin and yang.
Life always needs to be changed.
Life always offers more than one possibilities in every situation.
Life always rides in strength to victory, only through the direct responsibility of the individual.
Life always seems a little more severe in the dark.
Life always seems clearer in a bar.
Life always strives against entropy.
Life always supplies thorns with the roses.
Life always takes precedence.
Life always works out that way, luckily.
Life often becomes full of difficult and inexplicable experience.
Life often becomes more difficult.
Life often brings many challenges.
Life often demands a radical change of direction.
Life often gets more complex as one moves from high school into adult life.
Life often hangs in the balance between hope and despair.
Life often involves a juxtaposition of opposites.
Life often involves tensions between important values.
Life often is full of humiliation, renunciation and obstacles.
Life often mirrors the weather.
Life often moves from one crisis to another, especially for children and teens.
Life often offers hard choices.
Life often presents choices.
Life often seems to fall apart.
Life often takes some unexpected turns.
Life sometimes can look baffling.
Life sometimes gets in the way of work.
Life sometimes is stranger than fiction.
Life sometimes seems like nothing is ever fair.
Life sometimes seems to be an endless waiting around.
Life sometimes seems to bring too many un pleasant surprises.
Life sometimes throws some pretty tough curves.
Life usually does go on.
Life usually looks better at someone else's place.
Life usually seems to offer compensations for disappointments.
All life are worth the struggle.
All life awaits the rainy season.
All life becomes an hour of ecstatic love the whole world flowers with love and desire.
All life begins as a single cell.
All life begins here.
All life begins with a single cell.
All life can only survive within a temperature range.
All life comes from it.
All life comes from the sun, from the fires of creation.
All life comes together in a moment.
All life consists of chemical reactions taking place in the solute water.
All life contains risks.
All life depends on energy from the sun.
All life depends on energy.
All life depends on food.
All life depends on photosynthesis.
All life depends on sunlight even in the darkest areas of a cave.
All life depends on sunlight, even in the darkest areas of a cave.
All life depends on the Earth for food and nourishment.
All life depends on the natural presence of greenhouse gases.
All life depends on the plant's ability to use sunlight as a source of energy.
All life depends on the quality and fertility of the soil.
All life depends on the soil, the water falling on that soil, and the air above and within the soil.
All life depends on the sun - let's tap into it.
All life depends on water for survival.
All life depends on water.
All life depends on water-indeed, life probably began in water .
All life depends upon a series of selections, and repetitions.
All life depends upon good soils.
All life depends upon it.
All life depends upon the organization of matter.
All life depends upon the sun.
All life desires unity.
All life embodies the yin and embraces the yang.
All life emerges through the undulating ripples of the wave.
All life ends in death.
All life evolves by the differential survival of slightly inaccurate self-replicating entities.
All life exemplifies balance, including introverts and extroverts.
All life exists in an intricate food web.
All life extends and endures forever.
All life falls under their protection and care, animals, plants and humans alike.
All life favors essentially the same environmental factors.
All life feeds on itself.
All life feeds on the dead, roots there in the compost.
All life feeds upon other life.
All life flows through the stems.
All life forms calculate or compute.
All life forms except viruses have DNA genomes.
All life forms, including honeybees, have a scientific classification that is unique.
All life generates in the center.
All life grows.
All life has a chemical basis, but the quality of life itself emerges on the cellular level.
All life has a common ancestor.
All life has colour and shape.
All life has fled the valley, the very rabbit-holes are derelict.
All life has meaning, because all life is the immediate expression of the life of the cosmos.
All life has merit.
All life has one thing in common, it needs moisture to survive.
All life has rhythm, and rhythmic writing is easier to hear.
All life has sanctity and is interdependent.
All life has similar metabolic processes and is carbon-nitrogen based.
All life has the twin drives to survive and to reproduce.
All life has value, and just maybe that value is the same.
All life has value, inheritly.
All life has value.
All life here is cherished and suspended, innocent and ignorant of the passage of time.
All life involves choices and priorities and balancing different activities.
All life involves suffering and dissatisfaction.
All life involves suffering.
All life is  'sacred', all conduct has 'moral' results.
All life is a balanced partnership.
All life is a chance.
All life is a circle and it's spinning around.
All life is a circle.
All life is a continual making of choices on all levels.
All life is a drama performed by genes.
All life is a dream .
All life is a prison.
All life is a seeking of self-realization which is the full unfoldment of our highest potential.
All life is a series of moments.
All life is a symbol that speaks the language of the soul.
All life is absolutely as sacred as human life.
All life is an experiement.
All life is an experience.
All life is an experiment .
All life is an experiment.
All life is an utter mystery.
All life is angst ridden.
All life is Art.
All life is at the end of the tether.
All life is bad, but family life is worse.
All life is based on a common chemistry.
All life is based on carbon .
All life is based on nucleic acids and use a triplet code to produce proteins.
All life is based on the element carbon .
All life is beginnings and endings, birth, death, and rebirth.
All life is bound together.
All life is cellular.
All life is chance.
All life is characterized by suffering.
All life is chemically governed chemistry.
All life is classified into one of three domains.
All life is composed of a basic unit- the cell.
All life is conflict.
All life is connected in delicate balances called ecosystems .
All life is connected, all things work together in harmony to create the whole.
All life is connected.
All life is conscious, all consciousness - alive.
All life is consciousness.
All life is considered to be endangered.
All life is contained within the Oneness of all creation. .
All life is continual destruction and healing, over and over again.
All life is dark and nothing is clear.
All life is dependent upon essential things in order for that life to be sustained.
All life is dependent upon it.
All life is descended from common ancestry.
All life is difficult yet full of grace.
All life is either growth or decay, - that is, change.
All life is energy - currents of force that mix and blend to form the patterns of our lives.
All life is energy.
All life is equal and has the same right to happiness that all others have.
All life is equal in the eternal eye.
All life is equally and strangely life.
All life is ethical.
All life is everything the creator has made.
All life is for learning.
All life is four or five big days that change everything.
All life is from within out.
All life is holy - even that of the most damaged and evil members of our society.
All life is holy.
All life is illusion.
All life is imbedded in a ton of connections, for good and for bad.
All life is in a state of becoming.
All life is intended to take the form of a progressive series of awakenings.
All life is interactive.
All life is interconnected.
All life is interdependent and interacts with the environment.
All life is interrelated.
All life is made of star matter, and animated by star energy.
All life is made up of changes.
All life is more or less artificial, but city life is artificial to the extreme.
All life is nourished on life, directly or indirectly.
All life is of equal value.
All life is one and all are affected by all others.
All life is one and everything that lives is holy.
All life is one and indivisible.
All life is one, and everything that lives is holy.
All life is one, but it has a variety of manifestations.
All life is one.
All life is One.
All life is organic , that is, it exists in relationship to other, similar lives.
All life is pain and suffering.
All life is part of and dependent upon our physical environment.
All life is part of one great, interdependent system.
All life is precious and all deaths are tragic.
All life is precious and worthy of our reverence and respect.
All life is precious.
ALL life is precious.
All life is predestined.
All life is relationship.
All life is rhythmic .
All life is rhythmic.
All life is ridiculous.
All life is ruled by law.
All life is sacramental.
All life is sacred and deserves respect.
All life is sacred and never to be taken for granted.
All life is sacred and nothing lives for no reason.
All life is sacred so it is always immoral to take the life of another person.
All life is sacred, and life is fed by the land.
All life is sacred.
All life is seems can change forever by the opening or closing of a single door.
All life is so precious.
All life is struggle.
All life is that way.
All life is that.
All life is the product of a perfect design and a superior creation.
All life is there.
All life is to be respected.
All life is transitory, a dream.
All life is valuable and deserving of our respect and protection.
All life is valuable.
All life is wakan.
All life is yoga.
All life jackets, ship to shore radio, go with boat.
All life learns on some level, either genetically or empirically.
All life lives in fluids - air or water or some version of water.
All life makes sense.
All life needs a source of energy and respiration provides that source of energy.
All life needs energy.
All life needs food, cover, water and space to survive.
All life needs iron to mediate the vital redox reactions of metabolism.
All life needs nourishment and protection.
All life needs water to live. . . .
All life needs water to live.
All life needs water.
All life originates from the union of male and female.
All life partakes of very similar processes.
All life perceives the world only from a perspective dictated by physical and mental attributes.
All life perpetuates itself.
All life processes obey the laws of chemistry and physics.
All life processes on Earth use the chemistry of carbon compounds .
All life processes on Earth use the chemistry of carbon compounds.
All life relies on a relatively narrow range of , or acidity.
All life relies on the intake of certain compounds to sustain itself.
All life requires a support system, a community.
All life requires energy to exist.
All life requires energy.
All life requires nitrogen-compounds, e.g., proteins and nucleic acids.
All life requires sustinance and amoeba are no different.
All life requires water.
All life responds to the wonderful power of healing.
All life rests upon it.
All life revolves around saffron during the harvest.
All life sciences.
All life seeks the cool shade of the riverine forest bordering the red river.
All life seems to be a failure.
All life springs from dirt, and to dirt it returns.
All life springs from plants.
All life springs from the sea.
All life stages of a tick require a blood meal before molting to the next stage.
All life stages overwinter within the galls.
All life stages readily attack humans.
All life stages, larva, nymph and adult attach to dogs.
All life stages.
All life starts with a single cell which then splits and splits until the unique form is created.
All life starts with energy from the sun.
All life stems from one common ancestor, a single cell living in a warm sea.
All life thrives on feedback and dies without it.
All life ultimately depends on the thin layer of soil covering the earth's surface.
All life uses only left-handed amino acids.
All life withers in the end.
All lives are equal, but some members of the press consider some lives to be more equal than others.
All lives are in harmony with others on a well-balanced system.
All lives are necessary one to each other, for the complement and harmony of their existence.
All lives are no longer equal before the law.
All lives are precious, of course.
All lives follow it as the natural course of universal evolution.
All lives have a message.
All lives have a value for existence and are playing an important roles in each place.
All Lives Seek Balance Living organisms are living systems.
All lives stay alive on energy transfers and end in death.
Any life is composed of accumulated experiences which are uniquely personal.
Any life seems an accumulation of events, fate, some luck.
Every life affects all life.
Every life affects the world one way or another.
Every life bequeaths a unique memory that deserves to be shared with others.
Every life comes to an end sooner or later.
Every life constantly reaches out after the similar life latent in other forms.
Every life contains conflict and disappointment.
Every life encounters rejection and pain.
Every life ends, that is of no concern.
Every life has a part to play unique as their finger print.
Every life has a passion.
Every life has a purpose.
Every life has a story to be told.
Every life has a story, but some life stories are more equal than others.
Every life has a story.
Every life has an end, and health care has limits.
Every life has difficulties.
Every life has meaning.
Every life has purpose.
Every life has stories, lessons and learning experience that can be shared with others.
Every life has supreme value.
Every life has to be of some use.
Every life has ups and downs, but some have more than others.
Every life has value, every madman is a tragedy and pity always matches the possibility for horror.
Every life has value.
Every life is a book waiting to be written.
Every life is a gift and every love the gift of joy.
Every life is a mixture of bitter and sweet experiences.
Every life is a mixture of good times and hard times.
Every life is a mystery.
Every life is a novel that needs to be written.
Every life is a preparation for the next death.
Every life is a story and every story is drama.
Every life is a story, a seamless unity from one point to another.
Every life is a story, waiting to be told.
Every life is a work in progress.
Every life is about making choices.
Every life is an incredible opportunity for growth, no matter how long or how fleeting.
Every life is as important as the next.
Every life is at the mercy of prejudice and choice once it leaves the cardboard boxes.
Every life is beyond value.
Every life is checkered with sufferings and conflicts.
Every life is different.
Every life is directed by impulses and values that arise outside of reason.
Every life is essential.
Every life is full of stories, rich with meaning and peopled by fascinating characters.
Every life is important.
Every life is many days, day after day.
Every life is march from innocence, through temptation, to virtue or vice.
Every life is precious and that transcends politics.
Every life is precious.
Every life is rich with memories that deserve to be passed on to future generations.
Every life is significant.
Every life is special and every life is unique.
Every life is unique and of interest.
Every life is valuable, even the life of someone who ignores all the signals.
Every life is worth a book.
Every life lost from here is a life lost to no purpose.
Every life lost is important.
Every life makes a difference.
Every life matters.
Every life means something.
Every life needs meaning.
Every life reaches a point of crisis.
Every life ruined by drugs is an unnecessary loss.
Every life speaks to the power of what can be done.
Every life threatening aspect of fire is reduced by sprinkler systems.
Every life when placed upon earth has a set time for removal.
Many life has many means.
Many lives are a mixture of goodness and periodic bad choices.
Many lives are at stake.
Many lives are empty and void of meaning.
Many lives are in shambles.
Many lives are ruined by an inheritance.
Many lives are scarred.
Many lives are sure to go into waste, on both sides.
Many lives have a quiet drama played out in relative seclusion.
More Life goes on, long after the thrill of living is gone.
More Life is a private charter sailboat service for the gay and lesbian community.
More life threatening, however, is the weakness of Turkey's civil society.
Most life affects environments.
Most life becomes memory.
Most life can exist only within a relatively narrow range of water salin- ity.
Most life causes pain.
Most life changes conditions.
Most life changes over time.
Most life comes from life.
Most life creates situations.
Most life depends on ability.
Most life depends on attitude.
Most life depends on certain factors.
Most life depends on certain physical factors.
Most life depends on choices.
Most life depends on conditions.
Most life depends on factors.
Most life depends on grind water.
Most life depends on local weather conditions.
Most life depends on multiple factors.
Most life depends on photosynthesis for food and energy.
Most life depends on photosynthesis.
Most life depends on physical factors.
Most life depends on such factors.
Most life depends on sunlight.
Most life depends on water.
Most life depends on weather conditions.
Most life draws attention.
Most life evolves over time.
Most life evolves over years.
Most life exists in habitats.
Most life exists in wetland habitats.
Most life focuses on individuals.
Most life follows daily routine.
Most life follows patterns.
Most life follows routine.
Most life has ability.
Most life has affects.
Most life has beauty.
Most life has characteristics.
Most life has designs.
Most life has different care requirements.
Most life has different requirements.
Most life has effects.
Most life has importance.
Most life has interest.
Most life has obstacles.
Most life has offspring.
Most life has optimal ranges.
Most life has optimal temperature ranges.
Most life has origins.
Most life has phases.
Most life has pressure.
Most life has quality.
Most life has ranges.
Most life has requirements.
Most life has schedules.
Most life has stories.
Most life has success.
Most life has temperature ranges.
Most life has tolerance ranges.
Most life has values.
Most life leads to opportunity.
Most life offers opportunity.
Most life presents situations.
Most life presents stressful situations.
Most life promotes peace.
Most life provides insight.
Most life relates to growth.
Most life relates to larval growth.
Most life remains inspiration.
Most life requires attention.
Most life requires food.
Most life requires medical attention.
Most life requires protection.
Most life requires special protection.
Most life save techniques help life.
Most life skills discussion topics are the seeds for open-ended discussions.
Most life supports decisions.
Most life uses, directly, or indirectly, energy derived from the sun.
Much life is lost in the capturing of slaves, and during their captivity many succumb to starvation.
Some life affects climates.
Some life affects survival.
Some life becomes blame games.
Some life becomes constant blame games.
Some life becomes dreams.
Some life becomes games.
Some life becomes subjects.
Some life changes concepts.
Some life depends on assistance.
Some life depends on care.
Some life depends on energy.
Some life depends on proper care.
Some life depends on radiant energy.
Some life depends on services.
Some life enhances products.
Some life exists for years.
Some life has advantage disadvantage.
Some life has ancestors.
Some life has chances.
Some life has common ancestors.
Some life has health.
Some life has life.
Some life has purposes.
Some life has terrestrial life.
Some life helps predators.
Some life interferes with ability.
Some life is described by chums.
Some life is described by college chums.
Some life is described by old chums.
Some life is described by old college chums.
Some life lasts for several years.
Some life lasts for weeks.
Some life lasts for years.
Some life prevents damage.
Some life relates to success.
Some life requires emergency surgery.
Some life requires surgery.
Some life supports thoughts.
Some life supports wealth.
Some life takes care.
Some life threatens pressure ulcer.
Some life threatens situations.
Some life threatens ulcer.
Some lives are great but Yet are short.
Some lives are like elevators heading irretrievably down.
Some lives are more important than others.
Some lives are often like soap operas.
Some lives are so difficult that the soul arrives home very tired.
Some lives are worth recounting, though.
Some lives have fewer stressful events.
Some lives leave ugly, devastating creators from rape and molestation.
Some lives seem to proceed with a certain inevitability.
Some lives stand as tales of caution.
A lifeblood is a force
Lifeblood asks all eligible donors to give the Gift of Life as soon as possible.
A lifeboat is a boat
Lifeboat isa boat.
Lifeboats are located in boats.
Lifeboats are much easier to launch now.
Lifeboats are required by law to be on larger ships .
Lifeboats are required by law to be on larger ships.
Lifeboats are rowboats.
Lifeboats are safety devices.
Lifeboats are scarce.
Lifeboats carry oars.
Lifeboats have (part) anchors.
Lifeboats have (part) bases.
Lifeboats have (part) hulls.
Lifeboats have (part) ribs.
Lifeboats have (part) rider plates.
Lifeboats have (part) rudder blades.
Lifeboats have (part) sections.
Lifeboats now begin to leave fully loaded.
Lifeboats pull away from the ship half full.
Most lifeboats carry oars.
LifeCARE leaders organize and advertise their meetings and programs.
A lifeguard is an attendant
Lifeguard isa attendant.
Lifeguards accompany all swimming or boating activities.
Lifeguards accompany each trip where swimming occurs.
Lifeguards also communicate with their co-workers.
Lifeguards also have to be good at communicating in other ways, too.
Lifeguards are able to test children.
Lifeguards are absolutely essential to the safety of our residents.
Lifeguards are also supervisors for individuals and groups utilizing pool facilities.
Lifeguards are always in demand, as are food service workers.
Lifeguards are always on duty .
Lifeguards are always on duty.
Lifeguards are attendants.
Lifeguards are available for the pool and ocean during the summer months.
Lifeguards are currently on jet skis conducting surveillance of the waters.
Lifeguards are essential, ones who are used to canoeing too are a distinct advantage.
Lifeguards are films.
Lifeguards are in charge at all times.
Lifeguards are in charge of the use of the wheelchairs.
Lifeguards are located in beachs.
Lifeguards are located in swimming pools.
Lifeguards are on duty all year round.
Lifeguards are on duty all year-round.
Lifeguards are on duty along many Grand Strand beaches during the summer months.
Lifeguards are on duty and a concession stand is open from Memorial Day through Labor Day.
Lifeguards are on duty and a pay telephone is also available.
Lifeguards are on duty and there is a concession stand and bathhouse on site.
Lifeguards are on duty at all three pools.
Lifeguards are on duty at all times and children and families are more than welcome.
Lifeguards are on duty at all times during open recreation hours.
Lifeguards are on duty at all times when open and swimming lessons are offered each year.
Lifeguards are on duty at all times.
Lifeguards are on duty at both facilities.
Lifeguards are on duty at select locations.
Lifeguards are on duty at some parks.
Lifeguards are on duty daily throughout the summer.
Lifeguards are on duty during all public swim hours.
Lifeguards are on duty during most of the day.
Lifeguards are on duty during open recreation hours.
Lifeguards are on duty during operating hours.
Lifeguards are on duty during peak season.
Lifeguards are on duty during pool hours.
Lifeguards are on duty during posted hours Memorial Day to Labor Day.
Lifeguards are on duty during swimming hours in the summer months.
Lifeguards are on duty during swimming hours.
Lifeguards are on duty during the busy season.
Lifeguards are on duty during the day.
Lifeguards are on duty during the hours listed below.
Lifeguards are on duty during the hours the beach is open.
Lifeguards are on duty during the hours the pool is open.
Lifeguards are on duty during the summer months to make sure the young ones are safe.
Lifeguards are on duty during the summer to supervise all oceanfront water activities.
Lifeguards are on duty during the summer, and the sandy beach is well-maintained.
Lifeguards are on duty during the summer.
Lifeguards are on duty during weekends from Memorial Day to Labor Day.
Lifeguards are on duty for swimmer's protection.
Lifeguards are on duty for the safety of all swimmers and to enforce pool rules.
Lifeguards are on duty from appx.
Lifeguards are on duty from Memorial Day to Labor Day.
Lifeguards are on duty generally from late morning to early evening, but hours vary.
Lifeguards are on duty here and concessions and bathhouses are close at hand.
Lifeguards are on duty here.
Lifeguards are on duty only to enforce rules and to respond in case of an emergency.
Lifeguards are on duty seasonally.
Lifeguards are on duty throughout the summer months.
Lifeguards are on duty when swimming is permitted.
Lifeguards are on duty when the pools are open.
Lifeguards are on duty when the pools open.
Lifeguards are on duty year round.
Lifeguards are on duty year-round.
Lifeguards are on duty, and showers and concessions are available.
Lifeguards are on duty, and there is a fee for parking.
Lifeguards are on duty, making it a favorite for resident and visitor alike.
Lifeguards are on duty, so parents can relax, work out, or just sit and visit.
Lifeguards are on duty.
Lifeguards are on hand to watch the twenty-somethings who frequent the area.
Lifeguards are on patrol and bathhouses are available, but there are no concessions.
Lifeguards are on patrol during the summer season.
Lifeguards are on the beach during daylight hours.
Lifeguards are on-duty every day during the season.
Lifeguards are present.
Lifeguards are professional rescuers, just like firefighters and paramedics.
Lifeguards are proficient in first aid, and have a well stocked first aid kit available.
Lifeguards are responsible for the camp s swimming and boating areas.
Lifeguards are responsible for the safety of campers and staff at two swimming pools and the lake.
Lifeguards are students and employees of the institution.
Lifeguards are supposed to have some equipment to aid rescues.
Lifeguards are there, mostly to keep an eye on the surfers.
Lifeguards are to be in proper position on deck at all times when people are in the water.
Lifeguards are to supervise the clean-up effort.
Lifeguards are trained in a variety of different lifesaving skills.
Lifeguards are trained to scan their space repeatedly from front to back, left to right and zigzag.
Lifeguards are workers.
Lifeguards assist the waterfront director in the health and safety of the lakeside waterfront area.
Lifeguards attend the beach during the summer months.
Lifeguards begin effort.
Lifeguards do it on the beach.
Lifeguards do workouts.
Lifeguards drill on a regular basis to master the skills necessary to protect bathers and boaters.
Lifeguards enforce guidelines.
Lifeguards enforce safety guidelines.
Lifeguards ensure safety.
Lifeguards enter water.
Lifeguards fill many attendant positions.
Lifeguards have (part) arms.
Lifeguards have (part) body substances.
Lifeguards have (part) cell membranes.
Lifeguards have (part) cells.
Lifeguards have (part) corpi.
Lifeguards have (part) cytoplasm.
Lifeguards have (part) heads.
Lifeguards have (part) human bodies.
Lifeguards have (part) legs.
Lifeguards have (part) material bodies.
Lifeguards have (part) necks.
Lifeguards have (part) nuclei.
Lifeguards have (part) personality.
Lifeguards have (part) plasma membranes.
Lifeguards have (part) sections.
Lifeguards have (part) vacuoles.
Lifeguards have assistance.
Lifeguards have flexibility in deciding when to close.
Lifeguards have full responsibility for the safety of all swimmers, please follow their directions.
Lifeguards have moms.
Lifeguards have the right to limit use at any time.
Lifeguards help ensure that all aquatic facilities and programs are safe and enjoyable.
Lifeguards keep a close watch on all beach goers.
Lifeguards keep an eye on swimmers on beaches on each side of the lake.
Lifeguards keep watch from their red guardhouse.
Lifeguards know all about running.
Lifeguards monitor activities.
Lifeguards monitor the surf conditions continuously.
Lifeguards patrol the beach in trucks.
Lifeguards pay special attention to novice beachgoers.
Lifeguards perform public safety work at state park swimming areas throughout the state.
Lifeguards play a key role in ensuring a safe environment for swimmers at pools and public beaches.
Lifeguards provide safe swimming and a paved parking area is conveniently located.
Lifeguards provide safety coverage during all pool activities.
Lifeguards regularly partake in swimming and strength training exercises.
Lifeguards reserve the right to re-measure a guest at any time.
Lifeguards save many lives every year.
Lifeguards search the water and find nothing.
Lifeguards supervise the swimming area during summer months.
Lifeguards Talk about a job. . .
Lifeguards try to save the people being pulled under.
Lifeguards watch as swimmers and surfers take part in ocean fun.
Lifeguards watch over many of the beaches in summer , ensuring safe relaxation for kids of all ages.
Lifeguards watch pools.
Lifeguards wear serious sunblock on their noses for good reason.
Lifeguards often spend from sunup to sundown issuing warnings.
Lifeguards usually give first aid for stings.
Every lifeguard needs a whistle, preferably on a wrist strap to keep it close at hand.
Most lifeguards begin effort.
Most lifeguards do workouts.
Most lifeguards enforce guidelines.
Most lifeguards enforce safety guidelines.
Most lifeguards ensure safety.
Most lifeguards enter water.
Most lifeguards have assistance.
Most lifeguards have moms.
Most lifeguards monitor activities.
Most lifeguards watch pools.
Some lifeguards are also friendly.
Some lifeguards jump in and save a few lives.
Some lifeguards reveal facts.
Some lifeguards reveal key facts.
Lifeguarded beaches are available.
Lifeless forms lie rotting in the streets.
Lifeless objects possess no gender.
Lifeless prayer is no more prayer than the picture of a man is a man.
Lifelike coloring is achieved by highly detailed airbrushing.
Lifelike models display the many lines and pressure points in the human body.
Lifelike video lets students operate and learn.
Lifeline assistance lowers the cost of monthly local telephone service.
LifeLine film is water-resistant.
Lifeline mount uses quick disconnect snap.
Lifeline page is here.
Lifeline personnel are able to communicate with each subscriber by speakerphone.
Lifeline programs extend basic phone services to low income customers.
LifeLine rates are low.
Lifeline service is very affordable and very easy to use.
Lifeline service means customers can use their phone at any time, even during a power outage.
Most Lifeline subscribers are older people who live alone.
Lifeline subsidies are as essential as the services they provide.
Lifeline users are medically dependent people who live at home and are often on their own.
A lifeline is a line
Lifeline breathes to allow moisture to evaporate from wet logs.
Lifeline gives much more than it receives because our pilots live to help.
Lifeline helps, particularly the elderly and disabled,to continue living independently.
Lifeline offers peace of mind and independence.
Lifeline provides telephone crisis counselling free of charge.
Lifeline reduces the monthly basic telephone charge.
Lifeline reimburses telephone companies for discounting consumers' monthly phone bills.
Lifelines are albums.
Lifelines are lines.
Lifelines are support.
LifeLines can produce great charts.
LifeLines provide a general visualization environment for personal histories.
LifeLines silently removes any family record that has no parent or child associated with it.
Lifelines surrounnd the ship to keep sailors from falling overboard.
Lifelong allegiance is a requirement.
Lifelong bonds develop between ambassadors, faculty, and their colleges.
Lifelong commitments can be better than engaged couples want to believe.
Some lifelong disorder affects children.
Lifelong education is essential to ensure professional competency.
Lifelong education is now a necessity for workers just to remain employable.
Lifelong education is now no longer a luxury, but a necessity.
Lifelong education is the key to wealth creation and improved economic and social performance.
Lifelong employment is exactly what it says.
Lifelong employment is good, but it makes employees complacent.
Lifelong formation is lifelong growth.
Lifelong friends drop by and exchange backslapping greetings that punctuate the waiting.
Lifelong friendship is the gift.
Lifelong friendships can develop.
Lifelong illnesses require treatments.
Most lifelong illnesses require treatments.
Lifelong impairments receive a two year hang tag.
Lifelong intimacy remains the last and most forbidding taboo.
Lifelong learners are able to seek out, analyze, and use information with little to no supervision.
Lifelong learners have the capacity to be effective leaders.
Lifelong medication is needed.
Some lifelong nonsmokers die of cancer.
Some lifelong nonsmokers die of lung cancer.
Lifelong relationships develop through traditions such as daily chapel and family-style meals.
Lifelong smokers are more likely to die of diseases like emphysema and bronchitis than non-smokers.
Lifelong smokers are more likely to die of diseases like emphysema and bronchitis than nonsmokers.
Lifelong success hangs on such tiny details.
Lifelong symptoms suggest congenital malformation or early acquired disease or injury.
Lifelong technology is a complement to lifelong aging.
Lifelong therapy is essential for an optimal outcome.
Lifelong treatment is required to control the disorder.
A lifer is an inmate
Lifers already have a program.
Lifers are also a living record of what happened in Paintball.
Lifers are convicts.
Lifers are different from other inmates.
Lifers are high profile, captivating and symbolic.
Lifers do too, because they are also looking down the road at the big picture.
Lifers have nothing left to lose, goes the logic.
Lifers tend to be suicidal, especially when their sentence was for some minor offense.
Most lifers spend around two years in an open prison before being considered for release.
A lifesaver is an attendant
Lifesavers also develop strike efficiency and endurance.
Lifesavers are safety devices.
Lifesavers develop stroke efficiency and endurance in a timed swim.
Lifesavers has an adoption program for placement of rescued mustangs.
Lifesavers know that.
Lifesavers learn how to rescue a spinal-injured victim and a pulseless victim.
Lifesavers learn towing rescues of weak swimmers and shallow water rescues of nonbreathing victims.
Lifesavers place their own lives at risk if they go on patrol unfit.
Lifesavers take responsibility for others as well as for themselves.
Lifesavers use the rescue board by paddling it to the patient to provide support.
Some lifesavers have more advanced medical training, up to the level of paramedic.
LifeScan customers are among the most loyal in the industry.
LifeScan products meet a wide range of needs for people with diabetes.
Lifespan content focuses on the older adult.
Lifespan volunteers are people with a desire to be with and help other people.
A lifespan is a period
Lifespan can be for one person or thing.
Lifespan decreases iii.
Lifespan increases iii.
Lifespan isa period.
Lifespans are longer nowadays, requiring a long-term game plan.
Lifespans have (part) births.
Lifespans range from three to over thirty years.
Lifespans usually exceed that of a human.
Lifestyle changes are a crucial part of the treatment plan.
Lifestyle changes are also an important part of therapy.
Lifestyle changes are also imperative to decrease one's risk of cancer and heart disease.
Lifestyle changes are also very important and include good nutrition and weight control.
Lifestyle changes are always difficult.
Lifestyle changes are among the first line of defense against it.
Lifestyle changes are among the first lines of defense.
Lifestyle changes are critical to the success of all treatment plans.
Lifestyle changes are difficult.
Lifestyle changes are easier when the entire family joins in.
Lifestyle changes are harder to make than taking a tablet.
Lifestyle changes are less dramatic, but stress can still be a critical issue.
Lifestyle changes are more likely to occur when both partners participate together.
Lifestyle changes are often difficult to make.
Lifestyle changes are perhaps our most effective means of combating heart disease.
Lifestyle changes are recommended to lower blood pressure , before starting drug therapy .
Lifestyle changes are recommended to lower blood pressure, before starting drug therapy.
Lifestyle changes are so important.
Lifestyle changes are still necessary for long term success even if the medication is continued.
Lifestyle changes are the biggest culprit.
Lifestyle changes are the most important factors in a successful weight-loss program.
Lifestyle changes are usually the first treatment physicians recommend.
Lifestyle changes are, indeed, preferable to drugs.
Lifestyle changes do make a difference.
Lifestyle changes have a way of complicating situations.
Lifestyle changes involve taking a good look at eating habits and daily routine.
Lifestyle changes offer important protections, but they don t put money in manufacturers pockets.
Lifestyle choices are a major cause of chronic illness.
Lifestyle choices are the best predictors of success in school and on the job.
Lifestyle choices can ease the aging process.
Lifestyle choices can keep triglyceride levels within the normal range.
Lifestyle choices can make the biggest impact.
Lifestyle choices can radically alter the course of a life.
Lifestyle choices have consequences.
Lifestyle choices help life.
Lifestyle choices influence the quality and length of our lives.
Lifestyle choices reflect commitment, nonconformity, sacrifice.
Any lifestyle choice is the equal of any other.
Most lifestyle choices help life.
Some lifestyle choices affect quality.
Some lifestyle choices bring pleasure.
Some lifestyle choices improve health.
Lifestyle decisions are personal decisions.
Lifestyle evangelism is something anyone can do.
Lifestyle evangelism starts with a relationship between people.
Lifestyle factors account for the rest.
Lifestyle factors affect ages.
Lifestyle factors affect women.
Lifestyle factors are also important.
Lifestyle factors can also cause increased risk of reflux.
Lifestyle factors can increase the risk and incidence of heartburn.
Lifestyle factors contribute to differences.
Lifestyle factors including diet and exercise can impact depression.
Lifestyle factors operate through three settings.
Lifestyle factors remain the main point for intervention, therefore.
Most lifestyle factors affect ages.
Most lifestyle factors affect women.
Most lifestyle factors contribute to differences.
Lifestyle interventions are a major ayurvedic preventive and therapeutic approach.
Lifestyle interventions are a major Ayurvedic preventive and therapeutic approach.
Lifestyle management is essential to successfully maintaining a healthy pH balance.
Lifestyle modification can be an effective part of a blood pressure-lowering program.
Lifestyle modification consists of changing behavioral approaches to food.
Lifestyle modification involves changes in dietary intake, physical activity as well as behavior.
Lifestyle modification is a cost efficient means of reducing cerebrovascular disease mortality.
Lifestyle modification is advised for patients diagnosed with hypertension.
Lifestyle modification is important in preventing and treating hypertension.
Lifestyle modification is necessary to maintain any weight loss achieved.
Lifestyle modification is the cornerstone of management.
Lifestyle modification is the first line of defense for patients with hypertension.
Lifestyle modification is the mainstay reccomendation to prevent and to treat hypertension.
Lifestyle modification is the most important therapy for new weakness.
Lifestyle modification remains the first-line therapy.
Lifestyle modifications are also important in reducing the risk of steroid-induced osteoporosis.
Lifestyle modifications can assist enormously in the management of hypotension.
Lifestyle modifications can help reduce osteoporosis risk.
Lifestyle modifications can lower blood pressure.
Lifestyle price is closely related to the fourth aspect of social price, that of psychic costs.
Lifestyle questions are appropriate in a patient interview.
Lifestyle questions play important part in tailoring a kitchen to a particular individual or family.
Lifestyle sectors are aspects of the regionalisation of activities.
Lifestyle topics are a common area of error that very few experts understand.
Lifestyle affects development.
Lifestyle affects health.
Lifestyle affects healthy development.
Lifestyle cans have impact.
Lifestyle habits either speed-up or reverse disease and aging.
Lifestyle has impact.
Lifestyle influences development.
Lifestyle is a property
Lifestyle isa fashion.
Lifestyle isa manner.
Lifestyle isa mode.
Lifestyle isa way.
Lifestyle looks for real people.
Lifestyle promotes good health.
Lifestyle promotes health.
Lifestyle supports activities.
Lifestyles are ideal.
Lifestyles are impersonal, factory-made and arising only out of the motive to make a profit.
Lifestyles are the consistent patterns people follow in their lives.
Lifestyles Be concerned.
Lifestyles can be 'inherited,' too.
Lifestyles commingle for laughs.
Lifestyles Find articles on marriage, relationships, pets, hobbies, and different interests.
Lifestyles Get a free booklet of lowfat recipes.
Lifestyles have to change so that raising a family is less desirable.
Lifestyles -Interviews with authors, actors, athletes, musicians and celebrities.
Lifestyles refer to all of our attitudes and behaviors.
Lifestyles revolve around whaling in the spring and summer months.
Lifestyles Take a break from parenting.
All lifestyles are acceptable, none is any better or any worse than the others.
All lifestyles are different but equal.
All lifestyles are equal.
All lifestyles are supported, so no one is left out.
All lifestyles are welcome.
ALL lifestyles are welcome.
All lifestyles welcome.
Most lifestyle affects development.
Most lifestyle affects health.
Most lifestyle affects healthy development.
Most lifestyle has impact.
Most lifestyle influences development.
Most lifestyle promotes good health.
Most lifestyle promotes health.
Most lifestyle supports activities.
Some lifestyle affects conception.
Some lifestyle contributes to development.
Some lifestyle promotes consumption.
Some lifestyle promotes growth.
Some lifestyle promotes hair growth.
Some lifestyles do cause more pollution and damage than others.
Many lifetime guarantees require a yearly eye exam.
Lifetime risk is estimated versus the concentration of the trichloroethylene in drinking water.
Lifetime risk is one in eight.
Lifetime value is a critical computation in database marketing.
Lifetime warranties are available on many of their products.
Lifetime warranties are available on muffler assemblies.
Lifetime warranties are the way to go.
Lifetime Warranty applies to the original purchaser only, with proof of purchase.
Lifetime warranty covers everything except batteries and abuse.
Lifetime warranty covers everything except batteries, abuse and replacement bulbs.
Lifetime warranty covers replacement of any unit under active monitoring contract.
Lifetime warranty includes everything except batteries, replacement bulbs and abuse.
Lifetime warranty includes glass covers and utensils, excludes gold plating, handles and knobs.
Lifetime warranty includes glass covers and utensils, excludes goldplating, handles and knobs.
Lifetime warranty includes the glass covers.
Lifetime warranty is available.
Lifetime warranty is offered from the manufacturer.
Lifetime warranty means it is constructed to last.
A lifetime is a period
Lifetime buy period in effect.
Lifetime isa period.
Lifetime offers only the highest quality products at extremely competitive prices.
Lifetime residuals through add-ons.
Lifetime running costs can easily exceed the purchase price of a refrigerator or freezer.
Lifetime tests every single chip on every single board.
Lifetime welcomes the opportunity to discuss special pricing for large orders.
Lifetimes are like friends.
Lifetimes are like sunburn.
Lifetimes are much longer than transition states.
Lifetimes are time.
Lifetimes are typically a billionth or a trillionth of a second.
Lifetimes gain nothing between themselves.
Lifetimes have (part) births.
Lifetimes recover immediately when leak seals.
Some lifetimes approximate that of humans at their maximum.
A lifework is a career
Lifeworks also offers private sessions of massage and shamanic healing.
Lifeworks also sponsors ongoing workshops in the Washington area.
Lift devices use slender airfoils for blades, whose shape is the same as an airplane wing.
Lift devices use the difference in pressure created by the flow of air over the wing.
Lift force is produced by the action of air flow on the wing , which is an airfoil .
Lift force is produced by the action of air flow on the wing, which is an airfoil.
Lift gates are available for large items.
Lift stations are low points where gravity takes sewer water.
Lift stations pump sewage from low points of the city to the wastewater treatment plant.
Lift stations vary in size and type depending on the amount of flow and the difference in elevation.
Lift ticket is additional.
Lift ticket is included.
Lift ticket is required.
Lift tickets are available at adult, student and junior rates.
Lift tickets are available.
Lift tickets are cheaper and the terrain is very diverse.
Lift tickets are good at both hills.
Lift tickets are incredibly inexpensive.
Lift tickets are interchangeable at Keystone.
Lift tickets are interchangeable with Boyne Mountain.
Lift tickets are non-refundable.
Lift tickets are optional.
Lift tickets are still reasonable and kids under five ski free when accompanied by an adult.
Lift tickets listed here reflect the price of one full-day adult lift ticket.
Lift tickets offer tremendous opportunities for both individual savings and economies of scale.
Lift acts in opposition to the weight of an airplane, which acts downward.
Lift acts on the airfoil in a direction perpendicular to the relative wind.
Lift acts perpendicular to the motion.
Lift acts upward and allows the airplane to fly.
LIFT also organises several seminars and training courses.
Lift baskets out of cups.
Lift brownies out of pan with foil handles.
Lift can occur on objects other than wings.
Lift causes rises.
Lift causes the kite to rise.
Lift clams out of oil.
Lift comes from an elasticized waistband and adjustable nylon belt.
Lift cookies carefully with a large spatula onto an ungreased cookie sheet.
Lift cookies from a cookie sheet.
Lift cookies off baking sheet and set in single layer on rack to cool completely.
Lift cookies onto sheets and brush lightly with egg white.
Lift counters the weight that is holding the aircraft down.
Lift crepe to test for doneness.
Lift cucumbers out of brine and add to hot mixture.
Lift decreases with altitude.
Lift depends on the mass of the flow.
Lift edges carefully and spread thin wallpaper paste underneath.
Lift edges frequently to allow uncooked portion to flow underneath.
Lift ends across to opposite edges.
Lift equipped buses are also available for individuals with disabilities.
Lift features heavy-duty steel construction with an aluminum housing.
Lift focuses in the center where the weight is heaviest.
Lift folds up easily.
Lift holds a plane in the air.
Lift holds an airplane up.
Lift increases with airspeed.
Lift increases with wing angle until a certain maximum angle is reached and stalling occurs.
Lift increases with wing thickness.
LIFT inspects metallic workpieces with respect to the material grade automatically.
Lift is aid.
Lift is allowable up to one pad thickness.
Lift is always at a right angle to the motion.
Lift is assistance
Lift is at the platform.
LIFT is available on an annual subscription.
Lift is basic to flying.
Lift is created by the plane's wings as they move through the air.
Lift is devices.
Lift is drives.
Lift is equal to weight.
Lift is executed in an upward direction thereby opposing the pull of gravity on the kite.
Lift is exerted in an upward direction thereby opposing the pull of gravity on the kite.
Lift is generated as a result of the special shape of an airplane's wing.
Lift is generated by the creation of a pressure differential over the wing surfaces.
Lift is generated by the flow of air over a rocket's fins.
Lift is generated by the flow of air over the wings.
Lift is important because a boomerang is simply two airplane wings joined in the middle.
Lift is layers.
LIFT is like a cocoon of technical and business support around start-ups.
Lift is loss, aircraft pitches down, drops below glide slope.
Lift is part of heels.
Lift is propulsion.
Lift is reduced and also drag, and consequently the energy loss rate.
Lift is reduced, and the plane enters a stall and falls from the sky.
Lift is waves.
Lift loads straight up or tilt back slightly.
Lift logs off soil as much as is feasible.
Lift objects correctly.
Lift objects properly.
Lift opposes gravity.
Lift packages to heights above head and lower to foot level.
Lift pancakes from pans with two wooden spoons and set on plates.
Lift pass Citizens Race Prize give-aways.
Lift pulls the plane towards the top of the wings, which in straight and level flight is up.
LIFT remains free of charge.
Lift ribs out.
Lift rolls out one by one and arrange on serving platter, or turn out onto the platter.
Lift start off dinner plate and slide it into new batch of tea.
Lift steaks out of marinate and pat dry.
Lift stencils off finished ghosts.
Lift switch up, slide left, push back and down fully breaking tab.
Lift tends to drop off rapidly after that.
Lift vehicles up to the parking lot with a working elevator.
Lift wingtips up and over back, and tuck under bird.
Lift wingtips up and over back, and tuck under turkey.
Lift works with commercial vehicles.
Lifts are a better way to reach overhead areas and are safer than ladders.
Lifts are a candidate for mass customization.
Lifts are a few hundred meters above and below the main street.
Lifts are available for disabled passengers.
Lifts are available just through the main entrance.
Lifts are available within the library.
Lifts are fast and reliable - no looong lift lines.
Lifts are highly mobile and easy to transport, position and use.
Lifts are no different.
Lifts are now fully operational in both blocks of flats.
Lifts are portable and can be removed from the tub to allow tub use by other family members.
Lifts are slow and old, the food and lodge are mediocre.
Lifts are typically a popular rental item.
Lifts are, almost exclusively, performed on the defender's hips.
Lifts arm above shoulder level.
Lifts become elevators but that is only half the story.
Lifts blame from parents and offers advice on diagnosis and treatment options.
Lifts block onto stone, using hoist.
Lifts chest momentarily when lying on tummy.
Lifts consist of precise ascending, rotational, and descending movements.
Lifts give access to all departments.
Lifts handset of telephone off-hook upon receiving incoming call.
Lifts have a set of feet that are adjusted to give stability to the structure.
Lifts hose to table by hand or with hoist and starts hose into feed rollers.
Lifts ingot from skid to entry table, using hoist.
Lifts oily soils from body panels making paint prep faster and easier.
Lifts provide hazards from falling objects.
Lifts serve all floors.
Lifts soil up and rinses away.
Lifts start right from the hotel.
Lifts stick, hits table Death is like a cloud that disappears.
Lift always has a drag penalty.
All lifts are accessible by wheelchair users.
All lifts are factory tested, shipped as an assembly and carry a one-year warranty .
All lifts are key operated.
All lifts are open to snowboarders, and retaining devices are required.
All lifts are open.
All lifts carry over.
All lifts come with tilt bars to stabilize and balance the load on the lift.
All lifts stop at floor zero.
Many lifts require six to eight feet.
Most lifts cater to all ability levels offering incredible family skiing and snowboarding.
Most lifts cater to all ability levels.
Most lifts come with security bars that swing from overhead.
Some lifts come into town, while others are accessible via shuttle buses that run most of the day.
Some lifts have spanner beams on the lower cradle to stiffen it.
Lifted prints is a process of making a decal from cards, wrapping paper, prints or photo's.
A lifter is an athlete
Lifters also deal with the expenses that come with each event.
Lifters are people who pose as anglers.
Lifters can apply chalk to their hands to improve their grip.
Lifters can raise money for their own charities or for the main charity of the event.
Lifters compete against others in their weight class.
Lifters generally condition themselves to perform on schedule.
Lifters lift in weight classes, therefore, they have to make the scale stop at a number.
Lifters perform segment work in the classic lifts.
Lifters perform two types of lifts the snatch and the clean and jerk.
Lifters rub their hands with the chalk to promote dryness and prevent the bar moving in their hands.
Lifters start to make noise.
Lifters take drugs to increase body mass.
Lifters usually chalk their hands and backs where the bar rests.
All lifters are subject to drug testing.
Many lifters claim that it greatly increases their aggressiveness and performance.
Many lifters have one or more bodyparts that are either ahead or behind the rest of their bodies.
Many lifters have some difficulty in find the right spot on the back.
Many lifters like to eat high carb breakfasts the day of the meet to sustain their energy.
Many lifters overtrain the low back and coupled with poor technique it becomes a deadly combination.
Many lifters prefer to deadlift in their socks or a thin slipper.
Many lifters use negative reps to overload their lifts.
Many lifters waste a lot of energy during their warm ups.
Most lifters do higher reps during the off season.
Most lifters race over to the leg press, followed by leg extensions and leg curls.
Most lifters take some time off following a meet.
Some lifters can get by with little or no singles during a contest prep period.
Some lifters deadlift with work boots or high heeled squat shoes.
Some lifters have mental aversions concerning singles.
Some lifters report large increases in the amount of weight they lift just by taking creatine.
Some lifters say they get a fuller pump by lowering the bar above their head.
Liftgate delivery is also available for a nominal charge.
Liftgate service means that the freight is simply lowered to the ground.
Lifting devices are an example of hazard control technology.
Lifting devices use the latest technology to move patients in the simplest and safest manner.
Lifting platforms are varied and can include small aircraft, gliders, kites, blimps, and balloons.
Liftings is movings.
Liftoff isa motion.
Ligament damage allows the collarbone to come bulging off, or separating, from the shoulder.
Ligament damage is also possible.
Ligament injuries are common in whiplash.
Ligament injury is common.
Ligament tears are common in gymnastics.
Ligament tears are common in whiplash injuries.
A ligament is connective tissue
Ligament are strong bands of tissue that connect one bone to another.
Ligament isa tissue.
Ligament needs time to heal.
Ligaments also provide the outer surfaces of the joints.
Ligaments are attachment.
Ligaments are bands of fibrous tissue that connect bones and hold joints together.
Ligaments are bands or sheets of fibrous tissue that connect bone to bone.
Ligaments are body parts.
Ligaments are connective tissue and come in various size cordlike bands.
Ligaments are connective tissue.
Ligaments are connective tissues that connect bones with bones in the body.
Ligaments are easier to mount because the bone at either end of the tissue.
Ligaments are elastic bands of tissue that connect bone to bone.
Ligaments are fibrous cords that attach bones to bones.
Ligaments are fibrous cords that connect the bones and stabilize the joint.
Ligaments are important for the structural stability of the spine as they prevent excessive motion.
Ligaments are like rope, consisting of many strands or fibers.
Ligaments are more lax, so injury to mom is more common.
Ligaments are responsible for providing stability to a joint.
Ligaments are soft connective tissues that attach bones to bones.
Ligaments are soft tissue structures that connect bone to bone.
Ligaments are soft tissue structures that connect bones to bones.
Ligaments are solid objects.
Ligaments are strong bands of tissue that attach to the bones and form a joint.
Ligaments are strong bands of tissue that connect bones at a joint.
Ligaments are strong bands of tissue that connect bones at the joint.
Ligaments are strong bands of tissue that connect one bone to another.
Ligaments are strong bands of tissue which are much less stretchable than muscle or skin.
Ligaments are strong cords of tissue that hold joints together and connect adjacent bones.
Ligaments are strong fibers that connect one bone to another to form a joint.
Ligaments are strong fibrous soft tissues that firmly attach the bones to each other.
Ligaments are strong fibrous tissues that connect bone to bone.
Ligaments are strong flexible bands of fibrous tissue.
Ligaments are structures that attach bones together, and are major components of the knee joint.
Ligaments are structures that hold bones together.
Ligaments are subject to sprains and tears.
Ligaments are the bands of tissue which hold the bones together and provide stability.
Ligaments are the strong white fibrous tissues that connect bone to bone.
Ligaments are the strong, tough white material which holds bones together at the joints.
Ligaments are tissues that connect bone to bone and can provide guides for tendons.
Ligaments are tough bands of elastic tissue that connect bones to each other.
Ligaments are tough bands of tissue that hold bones together at joints.
Ligaments are tough fibers which tie bones to other bones at a joint.
Ligaments are tough, fibrous bands of tissue that bind bone ends together.
Ligaments are tough, fibrous bundles which are strong but only slightly elastic.
Ligaments are tough, fibrous, cord-like materials that connect bone to bone.
Ligaments are under continuous tension.
Ligaments are usually more flattened and form of tissue.
Ligaments are very important structures in maintaining the stability of a joint.
Ligaments are very strong material which holds bones together at the joints.
Ligaments are what link bone to bone.
Ligaments attach bones to bones.
Ligaments attach each of the vertebrae and surround each of the discs.
Ligaments attach one bone to another.
Ligaments attach shoulder bones to each other, providing stability.
Ligaments attach the cirri to sockets in the centrodorsal.
Ligaments attach the disc to the lower bone and the upper fossa.
Ligaments become lax, losing their tensile strength.
Ligaments become loose after time in weightlessness.
Ligaments bind the bones of the body together.
Ligaments can be over-stretched and cause the bones to lose their support.
Ligaments can be strained or stretched, and cartilage can be chipped or broken.
Ligaments can be very short, or extremely long, depending on where they connect in the body.
Ligaments connect backs.
Ligaments connect bones and help keep the knee stable.
Ligaments connect bones and provide wrapping material around joints.
Ligaments connect bones at their articulations, the points where they come together.
Ligaments connect bones to bones.
Ligaments connect bones to each other at a joint.
Ligaments connect bones to form a joint.
Ligaments connect bones to other bones to form a joint .
Ligaments connect bones to other bones to form a joint.
Ligaments connect bones to other bones.
Ligaments connect muscle to bone, tendons connect bone to bone.
Ligaments connect the bones and keep the joint stable.
Ligaments connect the bones of the shoulder, and tendons join the bones to surrounding muscles.
Ligaments connect the bones to each other and tendons connect muscles to the bones.
Ligaments connect valves.
Ligaments contain fewer blood vessels than some other kinds of tissues contain.
Ligaments develop force when they are elongated.
Ligaments function to limit the range of motion that bones can move between each other.
Ligaments have (part) cell membranes.
Ligaments have (part) corpi.
Ligaments have (part) cytoplasm.
Ligaments have (part) ground substances.
Ligaments have (part) mast cells.
Ligaments have (part) nuclei.
Ligaments have (part) plasma membranes.
Ligaments have (part) sections.
Ligaments have (part) vacuoles.
Ligaments have a poor blood supply, and torn ligaments require as much healing time as fractures.
Ligaments have many important functions in the human body in relation to the back and spine.
Ligaments have some elasticity.
Ligaments heal very slowly unfortunatley.
Ligaments help to provide stability to the disc and condyle during movements.
Ligaments help to stabilize the knee.
Ligaments hold bone to bone.
Ligaments hold bones.
Ligaments hold each ear in a foam-filled cavity outside the skull.
Ligaments hold our bones together and keep our organs in place.
Ligaments hold the bones of a joint in place.
Ligaments hold the bones together at the joint.
Ligaments hold the joint together.
Ligaments hold the tendons in place and stabilize the joints.
Ligaments hold the upper and lower jaws of the cownose ray tightly together.
Ligaments interconnect the bones of the hand.
Ligaments join bone to bone.
Ligaments join one bone to another bone, while tendons connect muscle to bone.
Ligaments join the muscles to the skeleton, which creates the body's structure.
Ligaments provide stability to the joint by restricting movement and holding the bones in place.
Ligaments provide strength and protection to synovial joints.
Ligaments reinforce the spine and powerful muscles surround it for protection.
Ligaments serve as bone to bone connectors.
Ligaments support and strengthen the joints and prevent abnormal movement from occurring.
Ligaments surround and support each joint, connecting the bones and preventing excessive movement.
Ligaments surround bones.
Ligaments surround pelvic bones.
Ligaments surround the bony vertebrae to provide support.
Ligaments tie the bones together to form joints.
Ligaments work cooperatively as a unit to provide stability and smooth motion of joints.
Ligaments often look thinner or ensheathed in the capsule .
Most ligaments connect backs.
Most ligaments connect valves.
Most ligaments hold bones.
Most ligaments surround bones.
Most ligaments surround pelvic bones.
Some ligaments are part of diaphragms.
Some ligaments are part of esophagi.
Some ligaments limit the mobility of articulations , or prevent certain movements altogether .
Some ligaments limit the mobility of articulations, or prevent certain movements altogether.
Some ligaments support necks.
Ligamentous disruption varies according to the type of dislocation.
A ligand is a substance
Ligand binding causes ion channels to open.
Ligand binding causes the receptor protein to undergo a change in shape.
Ligand binding typically induces receptor dimerization or multimerization.
Ligand expects to have additional distribution partners for select European and Asian markets.
Ligand has a very non-planar ester group, which is surely wrong.
Ligand is any small molecule that can bind to a larger molecule.
Ligand is the target cell of a signal molecule.
Ligand offers an attractive salary and benefits package, including stock options.
Ligand seeks two receptors into binding and mutual phosphorylation.
Ligand seeks two receptors into binding and mutual phosporylation.
Ligands are active molecules that exhibit molecular recognition characteristics.
Ligands are chemical compounds.
Ligands are functional groups that attract and bind metallic ions to organic matter.
Ligands are information molecules.
Ligands are molecules or ions that can bond to cations by donating a pair of electrons.
Ligands are molecules that can attach to receptors, and affect their activities.
Ligands are organic molecules that bind to metal ions.
Ligands are substances.
Ligands are usually molecules such as water, ammonia, hexacynoferite and so on.
Ligands bind to the receptors.
Ligands bind to two receptors, causing the two receptors to aggregate and form a dimer.
Ligands can alter properties of the metal.
Ligands can be any molecule or ion which binds specifically to a protein for a particular purpose.
Ligands differ in their abilities to produce a splitting of the d-orbital.
Ligands influence Zn transport into cultured endothelial cells.
Ligands operate like switches, turning cells' functions on or off.
Ligands seeks two receptors into binding and mutual phosphorylation.
Many ligands activate an overlapping array of signaling pathways.
Some ligands are disulfide-linked dimers that each bind one receptor molecule.
Some ligands can donate a variable number of electrons.
Some ligands promote migration.
Ligation can lead to many different products.
Ligation damages less tissue than electrocoagulation.
Ligation is a ligature
Ligation is bandaging.
Ligation is fickle.
Ligation is medical procedures.
Ligation is the best endoscopic choice for esophageal variceal bleeding.
Ligation is the process of permanently attaching the two pieces.
Ligation is tying.
Ligation isa action.
Ligation occurs between the finished lagging strand and the hairpin.
Ligation relies on the fact that there are no nerve endings to cut or burn up inside the rectum.
Ligations require planning.
Ligations work effectively even for bands that are barely visible on a gel.
A ligature is a graphic symbol
Ligature continues to explore ideas for joint venture.
Ligature is supplied with one cap, other caps available as listed below.
Ligature means to tie.
Ligatures are also very important for non-Latin scripts.
Ligatures are bands.
Ligatures are characters.
Ligatures are combinations of letters that are treated as a unit.
Ligatures are phrases.
Ligatures are special characters that consist of two letters.
Ligatures are thread.
Ligatures are unaffected by stripping, but are converted as appropriate by case conversion.
Ligatures are when two or more symbols are connected together to form a single shape.
Ligatures do neither, they're just for looks.
Ligatures make excellent business signatures.
Most ligatures are made from metal or plastic .
Most ligatures are made from metal or plastic.
Some ligatures are necessary to avoid the collision of particular letter combinations.
Ligers are about the same size as the prehistoric Smilodon populator and American lion .
Ligers are also the biggest carnivores mammals in the world.
Ligers are bigger than tigons.
Ligers are the offspring of a male lion bred with a female tiger.
Ligers can make lion and tiger vocalizations.
Ligers enjoy swimming, which is a characteristic of tigers, and are very sociable like lions.
Ligers enjoy swimming, which is a tiger-like behavior.
Ligers have a tiger-like striped pattern that is very faint upon a lionesque tawny background.
Ligers have lion fathers and tiger mothers.
Ligers always have faint stripes from the tiger side, but most of their traits comes from the lion.
Light absorption causes more color to be filtered out as depth increases.
Light absorption leads to electron transfer from donor chlorophyll to an acceptor.
Light absorption leads to sudden, mild heating and thermal expansion at the grating peaks.
Some light accumulations are possible on grassy areas.
Light activation comes about by the photosynthetic dependent reduction of disulphide bonds.
Light activity burns calories at a slower pace than strenuous activity.
Light activity can resume the same day as surgery.
Light adaptation involves primarily the cone system, and usually takes less than a minute.
Light adaptation is adaptation
Light aircraft are Africa's only weapons against poaching on an industrial scale.
Light aircraft are also available for charter.
Light aircraft are available for charter to destinations that have no scheduled flights.
Light aircraft are marvelous tools.
Light aircraft are particularly susceptible.
Light aircraft can land on our private air strip.
Light aircraft operate off the beach at three resorts on the island.
Light aircraft scheduled services are available throughout Kenya as are private charter flights.
Many light aircraft sit idle most of the time and most pilots can use a good reason to fly more.
Light anesthesia is recommended.
Some light animals are able to climb up smooth sheer surfaces or hang upside down by adhesion.
Light apparel is recommended.
Light applications create the best bond.
Light area shows more than half the town underwater.
Light areas are leucosomes, dark areas are mesosome.
Light areas are often apparent between scales, and the scales on the back are weakly keeled .
Light areas are potassium feldspar, and darker areas are quartz.
Light areas are the deeper sections of the channel.
Light areas have small dots and darker areas or shadows have larger dots.
A light arm is a weapon
Light arms have the advantage of fast handling and quick transport.
Light armor can carry up to five grenades, medium up to six, and heavy can carry eight.
Light ash is collected after scrubbing and filtering.
Light assembly is required.
Light background indicates recent alert information has been posted.
Light balls can vary in size and shape - the norm being the size of an orange or grapefruit.
Light bars are male and dark bars female.
Light bars cross each feather.
Light bass sounds.
Light beacons producing red flashes indicate a. end of runway warning areas.
A light beam is light
Light beams do all of the work, so there is no sample compaction or distortion.
Light beams follow every surface, just as in real life.
Light beams produced by an incandescent bulb, a laser, and an atom are different.
Light beams travel from the sender to the receiver to guard hazardous machinery.
Some light beams are used by detectors.
Light bearers make their way into the stadium.
Light bearers make their way through campus.
A light beer is a beer
Light beer has less calories than regular beer.
Light beer has less sugar, which is what makes the alcohol.
Light beer is better than regular beer.
Light beers are beers.
Light beers are lagers.
Light beers are particularly attractive to female consumers.
Light beers are simular to NAs in that they are watered down, to reduce the alcohol.
Light beers seem to be easier to consumer because they are less filling.
Light belly is mottled with black and light flecks.
Light blonds are significantly different from both brunette categories.
Light blue has a lighter value than dark blue.
Light blue is a cool tone rather than warm.
Light blue is a good color for television.
Light blue is a wonderful bright sky blue, which is quite vivid.
Light blue is blue.
Light blue is good diving.
Light blue is preferred over white.
Light blue is wave crests.
Light blue is what they see when they look up so high.
Light blues require copper, while dark blues require very small quantities of cobalt.
Some light blush rub otherwise very good shape.
Light boats drift on the calm lake.
Light boats have very rapid reaction times to the effect of waves, which can be rather unpleasant.
Light boats sail swift, though greater hulks draw deep.
Light box provides a spectrum light of an intensity that helps.
Light boxes are a high-tech inexpensive alternative to aluminum light boxes.
Light boxes are about the size of a portable TV or even smaller.
Light boxes come in all shapes and flavors.
Light boxes shimmer with fossil-like images.
Light breakfast is served.
Some light breezes create plumes.
Light brightness is measured in lux.
Light brown indicates a new state.
Light buffet is included.
A light bulb is an electric lamp
Light bulb is included.
Light bulb is the source of electric light.
Light bulbs are a good thing.
Light bulbs are another source of visible light waves.
Light bulbs are available at the front desk for residence hall lighting fixture only.
Light bulbs are bayonet type.
Light bulbs are cheap insurance.
Light bulbs are either on or off.
Light bulbs are electric lamps.
Light bulbs are electrical components.
Light bulbs are lamps.
Light bulbs are light sources.
Light bulbs are located in basements.
Light bulbs are located in homes.
Light bulbs are located in lamps.
Light bulbs are located in rooms.
Light bulbs are located in theatres.
Light bulbs are of the bayonet type.
Light bulbs are tested for both lamp life and strength.
Light bulbs are used for flashs.
Light bulbs are used for illumination.
Light bulbs are used for light.
Light bulbs blink and heads nod.
Light bulbs burn eternally.
Light bulbs can get hot so anything touching the light bulb is a big no no.
Light bulbs can help, but they have to be kept away from the snake to avoid burns.
Light bulbs cause illumination.
Light bulbs change electrical energy.
Light bulbs change energy.
Light bulbs come in all different sizes and power ratings.
Light bulbs convert electrical energy.
Light bulbs convert electricity into light and heat .
Light bulbs convert electricity into light and heat.
Light bulbs convert energy.
Light bulbs draw electricity.
Light bulbs emit light.
Light bulbs give off heat as well as light.
Light bulbs go on, and a doctor-patient relationship is born.
Light bulbs go out and overhead lighting reflects on our glasses as eerie vortexes and orbs.
Light bulbs have a two year replacement guarantee.
Light bulbs have filament.
Light bulbs lose power with use.
Light bulbs match the original designs.
Light bulbs operate in the same way.
Light bulbs produce energy.
Light bulbs produce light.
Light bulbs produce thermal energy.
Light bulbs use a relatively low amount of watts.
Light bulbs use electrical energy.
Light bulbs use energy.
Light bulbs use filament.
Light bulbs use less electrical energy.
Light bulbs use less energy.
Light Bulbs Use lower watt bulbs whenever possible.
Most light bulbs are made of glass , which means that they can break easily .
Most light bulbs are made of glass, which means that they can break easily.
Most light bulbs change electrical energy.
Most light bulbs change energy.
Most light bulbs convert electrical energy.
Most light bulbs draw electricity.
Most light bulbs emit light.
Most light bulbs fit into a socket .
Most light bulbs fit into a socket.
Most light bulbs have filament.
Most light bulbs produce energy.
Most light bulbs produce light.
Most light bulbs produce thermal energy.
Most light bulbs use electrical energy.
Most light bulbs use energy.
Most light bulbs use less electrical energy.
Most light bulbs use less energy.
Some light bulbs emit radiation.
Some light bulbs produce heat.
Some light bulbs receive charge.
Some light bulbs turn electrical energy.
Some light bulbs turn energy.
Some light bulbs use batteries.
Some light bulbs work on principles.
Light cardboard is also recyclable such as cereal boxes, shoe boxes, gift boxes, etc.
Light carpet is found throughout the rest of the living area.
Light cases tend to be a bit on the flimsy side.
Much light cavalry has a firepower rating and so scores extra in mathematicals.
Light chain is at the neck region of myosin, and often is used as a regulatory domain.
Light chains exist in two classes, lambda and kappa.
Light chips find a place to take root.
Light cigarettes are better than the old ones.
Light cigarettes can contain just as much nicotine and carbon monoxide as regular cigarettes.
A light circuit is wiring
Light circuit is fused protected.
Some light claims mean fewer calories in a serving.
Light cloth wear.
Light clothing is advisable as Zimbabwe is warm most of the year.
Light clothing is advisable.
Light clothing is advised, but remember to cover exposed body parts especially in the evenings.
Light clothing is fine.
Light clothing is important.
Light clothing is necessary with a casual jacket for indoor premises.
Light clothing is preferred.
Light clothing is recommended.
Light clothing is suggested although a jacket or sweater can be necessary in air-conditioned rooms.
Light clothing is therefore advisable.
Light clothing reflects more than dark.
Light clothing reflects the sun most effectively.
Light clothing tends to distract attention.
Light cloud is forcast for Athens with a possibility of showers in the evening.
Light coffees have a higher acidity, are light on the palette, and have higher notes.
Light collection varies directly with the unobscured primary aperture area.
Light color is a function of photon energy.
Light color is color.
Light color is creamier than front panel gray.
Light color is important when plants are growing under artificial light.
Light color is set to determine the color of the light being cast onto other objects.
Light color makes it look fake.
Light color provides a sharp contrast line with blood for easy reading.
Light color reflects sunlight.
Light colors absorb less heat than dark colors.
Light colors add cheerfulness to dark rooms especially kitchens.
Light colors add cheerfulness to dark rooms, especially kitchens.
Light colors are a LOT better if it's hot.
Light colors are active.
Light colors are also very helpful at reflecting heat.
Light colors are best with dark backgrounds, and dark colors work well with light backgrounds.
Light colors are best with light backgrounds and fair complexions.
Light colors are best, because they reflect the light.
Light colors are best, starting with white.
Light colors are best.
Light colors are easy and pleasing to the eyes.
Light colors are hand washable.
Light colors are Lined.
Light colors are more likely to show up scratch marks from walkers, canes and wheelchairs.
Light colors are more vigorous and multiply faster than darker colors.
Light colors are much more peaceful than dark colors.
Light colors are next least expensive.
Light colors can also run and make a mess.
Light colors enlarge an area while darker shades create a warm and cozy effect.
Light colors fan out from the bending and display as a sundog.
Light colors give it a very open, airy feeling.
Light colors help reflect the heat.
Light colors imprint our brain into thinking it's actually white.
Light colors make a room look larger while dark colors make it seem smaller and cozier.
Light colors make for an open and spacious atmosphere, some furnishings stay.
Light colors make the best use of natural and artificial light by reflecting it back into the room.
Light colors open up the surroundings and suggest airiness, rest, and liquidity.
Light colors reflect a harsh, unflattering shadow onto the face.
Light colors reflect even the smallest amount of light.
Light colors reflect heat rays.
Light colors reflect heat.
Light colors reflect it.
Light colors reflect light.
Light colors reflect more energy away from the coating and substrate.
Light colors reflect more of the sun's energy than dark colors.
Light colors reflect more sun.
Light colors reflect rather than absorb light.
Light colors reflect the sun s rays and help keep the home cooler.
Light colors reflect the sunlight.
Light colors reflect, dark colors soak up heat.
Light colors refract heat and are generally less attractive.
Light colors seem to add weight to the bodies.
Light colors show scratches less.
Light colors show soil and wear more readily.
Light colors show soil easily and dark colors show lint.
Light colors show ticks better.
Light colors tend to be less attractive to the mosquitoes than dark colors.
Light colors tend to hue shift to the yellow, while dark colors hue shift to the blue.
Light colors work best and are less visible on the finished banner.
Light colors work best and are less visible.
Light colors work best here.
Light colors work the best.
All light colors can be slightly transparent when wet.
Any light color is okay, but white is best.
Most light color reflects sunlight.
Some light color reflects desert heat.
Some light color reflects heat.
Light colours are best - many top sites are simply white.
Light colours are better than dark colours.
Light colours present the high energy level, the dark one the low energy levels.
Light colours reflect more sun.
Light competition begins when plants begin to shade each other.
Light competition helps force the hardwoods to grow in a straight up direction.
Light competition is influenced here.
Light complexion makes skin an arid desert.
Light computer skills a plus.
Light concussion is nothing to be too alarmed about.
Light conditions affect the manner in which surfaces and objects within a given space are perceived.
Light conditions are generally best for growing at one-half full sunlight.
Light conditions are low in the rock area.
Light conditions are more realistic as sky models match the real sky closely.
Light conditions change during the course of the day.
Light conditions impact the growth pattern of pale-yellow iris.
Some light conditions limit production.
Some light conditions prevent photosynthesis.
Light construction allows voices to be heard clearly.
Light constructions have specific demands for the energy house keeping of a building.
Light control is essential for maintaining a successful laying flock.
Light control is usually impractical for most producers.
Light controller is the configure master.
Light conversation turns to character assassination.
Some light conversation is customary before getting down to business.
Light copies are difficult to scan, and errors are likely to appear in the final proofs.
Light cottons are the recommended clothing for the summers and heavy woolens for winter.
Light cream is cream
Light cream veins.
Light crude tends to have more gasoline, naptha, and kerosene.
Light crust is available upon request.
Light crystal is by the north wall.
Light curve is fine.
Light curves can also be aperiodic , that is they are irregular with no pattern .
Light curves can also be aperiodic, that is they are irregular with no pattern.
Light curves can be periodic , that is they repeat in a regular pattern .
Light curves can be periodic, that is they repeat in a regular pattern.
Light Curves Fill one of the boxes with candies.
Light curves give radii, periods, relative brightnesses and colours.
Light curves have a peak structure similar to that observed at higher energies.
Light curves have different shapes.
Light curves have shapes.
Light curves show that many variable stars are periodic.
Most light curves have different shapes.
Most light curves have shapes.
Light cutting is possible the year after the bed is established.
Light cycles are usually very short.
Light damage can cause bleaching and other forms of discoloration to wood surfaces.
Light damage is cumulative and irreversible.
Light damage is cumulative and usually irreversible.
Light damage is cumulative.
All light damages archival materials to some degree.
Some light damages phytoplankton.
Light damp affects the engraved title in vol.
Light data provides solar and lunar data critical for operations planning and execution.
Light delivery is via fibre-optic cable.
Light demand continues to dominate the dry bean markets resulting in slower trade.
Light demand is met by less frequent service rather than by smaller buses.
Light deprivation can have much the same effect.
Light deprivation can occur at any time of year, but it is most common during the winter.
Light deprivation causes some people to feel lethargic, gloomy, and unfocused.
Light deprivation is another predisposing factor.
Light deprivation is becoming a common occurrence is our enviromnent.
Light deprivation is usually due to the short days and long nights of winter.
Light diffraction causes waves.
Light diffraction is the reason that an exact image of a specimen is never achieved .
Most light diffraction causes waves.
Light diffusion is shown to be nearly independent of the drop shape.
Light dinners are available only with pre-paid advance orders.
Light direction is important to migrating animals.
Light discipline is important at night.
Light distribution is described by the so-called rendering equation which has to be solved.
Light distribution is linked to quality.
Light distribution varies according to type and style.
Light drinkers have lowest levels of STIs, and heavy drinkers have the highest level of STIs.
Light drizzle appears as a dark blue patch on the screen, while violent storms appear pink or red.
Light duration impacts germination and whether plants put on leafy, green growth or set flower buds.
Light duration is another important metric when considering plant growth.
Light duties involve answering phones, filing and organizing, plus accessing membership information.
Light duty is nonexistent.
Light eaters can choose from a selection of insalate, bruchetta, antipasti, and minestre.
Light eaters can have just a first or a second course if they prefer.
Light edge wear to cover.
Some light edibles are available, as well as homemade Italian desserts.
Light effects add fireworks, lightning, lasers and more.
Light effects are especially impressive.
Many light effects shimmer and an unobtrusive beat begins to percolate the mix on a low boil.
Some light effects produce light.
Light emission can also occur by phosphorescence, which gives longer-lived emission.
Light emission is again, without question, the most powerful available.
Light emission is read with a high sensitivity photon counter.
Light energy absorbed by the porphyrin raises electrons into an excited state.
Light energy can absorb color.
Light energy can become heat energy and heat energy can become light energy.
Light energy can move in air as well as the space.
Light energy coagulates the hemorrhoid tissue.
Light energy comes from the sun and the sunlight that the moon reflects.
Light energy comes from the sun, which is used in the bamboo.
Light energy comes from the sun.
Light energy comes to the earth from the sun in the form of ultra-violet rays.
Light energy enters the eye through the cornea, through the pupil and then through the lens.
Light energy excites electrons that are carried down an electron transport chain.
Light energy initiates the process of photosynthesis when pigments absorb the light.
Light energy is a form of energy that is associated with visible light.
Light energy is absorbed by a green substance called chlorophyll which is found in plant cells.
Light energy is absorbed by chlorophyll.
Light energy is absorbed by the pigment chlorophyll .
Light energy is always multiples of the photon energy.
Light energy is carried in packets called photons.
Light energy is channeled to a reaction center.
Light energy is converted into heat energy.
Light energy is converted into sound energy.
Light energy is converted to chemical energy and is stored in the food that is made by green plants.
Light energy is converted to chemical energy and stored in energy rich molecules.
Light energy is converted to chemical energy in the process.
Light energy is deposited in tissue as the photons are absorbed in the tissue.
Light energy is energy.
Light energy is essential for photosynthesis.
Light energy is measured by the wavelength of the sine waves produced by the light.
Light energy is one of the most important thing a plant needs.
Light energy is radiant energy, also known as electromagnetic energy.
Light energy is taken by the chlorophyll and used to make sugars for the plant.
Light energy is the near-universal energy source for living things.
Light energy is trapped by a green chemical called chlorophyll.
Light energy is trapped in the grana.
Light energy is used by producers to synthesize sugars.
Light energy is very fast, and nothing travels faster.
Light energy is wasted, and the cells produce only a weak dribble of current.
Light energy nourishes our body, mind and spirit.
Light energy penetrating the water is dispersed and absorbed.
Light etching produces a more elegant finished piece.
Light exercise can be just as effective.
Light exercise is important for mental and physical health as well as preventing restlessness.
Light exposure assists the body in maintaining normal body rhythms.
Light exposure causes the pineal gland to produce more melatonin.
Light exposure is a concern.
Light exposure is all important when locating a site for a greenhouse or outdoor plot.
Light exposure is found to improve work performance.
Light exposure leads it to lose potency.
Some light exposure allows for a mild infection and prepares an immune response to coccidia.
Some light exposure leads to deficiencies.
Some light exposure leads to melatonin deficiencies.
Light extinction is a direct measurement of the level of haziness at the park.
Some light extinction occurs naturally.
Light eyes are a fault.
Light eyes are especially unattractive in dark or black dogs.
Light eyes are more sensitive to macular degeneration and to light.
Light eyes are most undsesirable, as they spoil that lovely melting expression.
Light eyes are to be penalized.
Light eyes is only advantageous in the environment they have adapted to.
Light fabric requires a finer needle.
Light fabrics flow easily from windows, and beds and fans are used to keep the air moving.
Light fare includes a vegetable quiche with a small spinach salad as well as chicken quesadillas.
Light fare is available for purchase on the festival grounds.
Light fare is available.
Light fare is incuded in the ticket price.
Light fare is served from Happy Hour on.
Light fertilization is best.
Light fertilization is recommended.
A light filter is a filter
Light filters are cylindrical sleeves that easily slip over existing fluorescent lamps.
Light filters prevent fading.
Light filtration enhances flavor, lots of fruit on the palate.
Light fixtures are a frequent target of vandalism.
Light fixtures are available in a white or black finish.
Light fixtures are fixtures.
Light fixtures are in place.
Light fixtures are lamps.
Light fixtures are located in ceilings.
Light fixtures are located in rooms.
Light fixtures hang from the centers of both plate.
Light fixtures have different lighting patterns.
Light fixtures resemble inverted coolie hats.
Light fixtures used in the lobby continue into the conference room, providing design continuity.
All light fixtures use electronic ballasts and energy efficient lamps.
All light fixtures use safe low voltage lamps.
Some light fixtures are so old that replacement parts can no longer be obtained.
Some light fixtures provide light.
Some light fixtures provide spectrum light.
Light flares are visible radial lights that emit a configurable flare.
Light flashes are bright and of very short duration.
Light flashes occur in all three conditions.
Light flashes refer to the false sensation that light is flashing into the eye.
Light font indicates links to sites on other servers.
Light food is served each evening.
Light food provides some needed nourishment.
Light forces are too lightly armed and the heavy forces are too slow.
Light forces remain in Maarianhamina for anti-submarine operations.
Light formula glides on and blends in easily for a flawless finish.
Light formula glides on and Blends in easly for a flawless finish.
Light formula glides on and blends in for a flawless finish.
Light fragrance leaves a clean fresh scent.
Light frequencies are electromagnetic energy patterns.
Light frosts are OK, heavy freezes can burn it severely or kill it.
Some light frost causes considerable damage.
Some light frost causes damage.
Light frostbite involves only the skin that takes on a dull, whitish pallor.
Light gains make a heavy purse. .
Light gardening connotes a vision of relaxation.
Light gathering is excellent.
Light gold has ivory background.
Light grains are quartz, Black grains are coal.
Light grammar is introduced.
Light grays look best.
Light grazing appears to maintain species diversity in vernal pools.
Light grazing gives the runners an opportunity to grow and permits the plants to spread.
Light green can lighten the body colour too much and can, importantly, increase suffusion.
Light green is a good neutral color.
Light green is a light tint of green.
Light green is for freeways.
Light green is nice for making wreaths.
Light greens are highest elevations.
Light grey represents large velocities, dark grey low velocities.
Light grey represents large velocities, dark grey represents low velocities.
Light guards are removable for cleaning.
Light guns work in the same way as light pens.
Light hair is basically hair that has an absence of pigment.
Light hair is more difficult to treat.
Some light hair is often present on the nose, tail and toes.
Light hands are extremely important.
Light harvest proteins play roles.
Light harvest is underway in some areas.
Light heads are hand-adjustable and fold for compact storage.
Light helicopters tote initial attack bags.
Light heterogeneity influences the anatomy and physiology of leaves.
Light history can have significant affects on the fluorescence in algal cells.
Light horse can really burn up a table.
Light horses have their origin in the Middle East and N Africa.
Light houses seem like tall, helpful friends to navigators.
Light humor uplifts the serious tone.
Light hydrocarbons liquefy at lower temperatures and higher pressures than do heavy hydrocarbons.
Light images look best against dark backgrounds and dark against light.
Light industries are is major industries.
Light industries manufacture machine tools, textiles, tobacco products, pottery, and leather goods.
Light industry consists mostly of sugar and rum production.
Light industry features sugar and rum production.
Light industry has considerable proportion and complete category.
Light industry is limited to the production of some tobacco products, drinks and consumer goods.
Light industry is located away from the campus.
Light industry is located in small pockets throughout the towns and villages.
Light industry is located north of the highway.
Some light industry is practiced.
Light infection shows symptoms.
Light infections cause little damage.
Light infections cause little harm to sheep.
Most light infection shows symptoms.
Light infestations are usually asymptomatic.
Light infestations can develop into moderate or severe infestations within a week or two.
Light infestations cause few symptoms.
Light infestations occur during the summer months.
Light intensity levels affect behaviour.
Light intensities are low under the conifer canopy.
Light intensity decreases as the distance squared.
Light intensity decreases in a predictable manner as the distance from the light source increases.
Light intensity has a great many ecological as- sociations.
Light intensity has a more immediate effect on the rate of photosynthesis than any other factor.
Light intensity influences spider-plant quality.
Light intensity influences the manufacture of plant food, stem length, leaf color, and flowering.
Light intensity is a linear function of the amount of label enzyme.
Light intensity is adjustable.
Light intensity is another key factor in site selection for plantings of ferns.
Light intensity is controlled by a potentiometer housed on the faceplate of the illuminator.
Light intensity is controlled via dimmable high-frequency fluorescent lights.
Light intensity is defined as the concentration of light waves striking the plant's leaf surfaces.
Light intensity is good throughout the country.
Light intensity is intensity
Light intensity is low under the canopy of white cedar.
Light intensity is measured in footcandles.
Light intensity is measured under two sets of conditions.
Light intensity is related to visibility.
Light intensity is the brightness of the amount of energy falling on the poinsettia.
Light intensity is varied by means of neutral density filters.
Light intensity is very important.
Light intensity needs to be strong to achieve healthy strong transplants.
Light intensity provides energy for photosynthesis.
Light intensity regulates cab gene transcription via the redox state of the plastoquinone pool.
Light intensity seems unimportant.
Light intensity varies with the season.
Some light intensity affects behaviour.
Some light intensity affects feed behaviour.
Some light intensity limits distribution.
Light interception varies with plant population, hybrid, row width, and growth conditions.
Light interference causes many colors to appear .
Light interference causes many colors to appear.
Light ions produce more secondary electrons, thus higher peak heights.
Light items go in the bottom section.
Light items toppled from tables and shelves and there are some news of some commercial damage.
Light jazz accompanies interesting conversation.
Light jazz helps some people relax and focus.
Light jazz makes the hold-time seem shorter.
Light jazz plays in the background.
Light ladders are brought along to climb aboard.
Light leaks are still evident when imaging with narrowband filters.
Light leaks can be a big problem during the flowering stage.
Most light leaks come from the camera lid.
Light level is fixed.
Light levels are delicate and beautifully controlled.
Light levels are intermediate and all plants receive rain water.
Light levels are low, with undetectable levels of ultraviolet radiation.
Light levels are much higher, though, and the bright sunshine at least gives the illusion of warmth.
Light levels are, of course, a function of weather conditions.
Light levels can affect appearance of multi-colored ti cultivars.
Light levels can also have a tremendous effect on growth and appearance.
Light levels have no effect on the colour or tenderness of the meat.
Light levels vary seasonally, by depth, and by photoperiod.
Some light levels are very dim and some are brighter.
Light Light can be very damaging to a variety of materials.
Light limitation is caused by the interaction of turbidity, depth, and turbulent mixing.
Light line allows a bait to act more naturally.
Light line handles small lures much better.
Light line has a lot less tolerance for error.
Light line is in order using conventional lures or natural baits.
Light line is the way to go, try using a clear line in the six to eight pound range.
Light line means more success with the walleyes.
Light lists are extremely helpful in establishing waypoints while planning routes.
Light loads are ok.
Light loss is due to filament evaporation and bulb blackening.
Light lunch is offered along the way in a tent.
Light lunch is served on some weekends.
Light lunches are also available for daygirls who make the required arrangements.
Light lunches are also available.
Light lunches are available at the winery.
Light lunches are available from the Pub lunch menu.
Some light lunch includes fresh fruit.
Some light lunch includes fruit.
Some light maintenance is required with all positions.
Light manufacturing is also possible.
Light manufacturing provides an increasing range of both consumer and industrial goods.
Some light manufacturing occurs.
Light marks define position and borders of navigationals obstacles and sailing routes.
Light massage is given to various reflexes and sometimes to acupressure points.
Most light massage addresses the whole body at one session.
Light mat burn at extreme left and right of image.
Light mat burn in margins.
Light mat burn.
Light material is best.
Light material is preferred so they can dry quickly.
Light materials float in water.
Light materials float on the surface and only the wastewater filters out into the drain field.
Light meals are also available at the poolside bar.
Light meals are also available.
Light meals are available in the evening.
Light meals are available in the evenings.
Light meals are available on the patio.
Light meals are available, too.
Light meals are to be favored such as light breakfast and dinner.
Some light meals consist of salad.
Light measurements are readily available on radio systems but still rare on datalogger systems.
Light meat's a dollar extra, and worth it.
Light menu includes desserts, sandwiches and soups.
Light menu includes soups, sandwiches, salads and desserts.
Light metals are extremely plentiful, and are often exported.
A light meter is photographic equipment
Light meter is an alternate term for exposure meter .
Light meters measure the quantity of light in our scene.
Many light meters serve as both reflective and incident meters.
A light microscope is a microscope
Light microscopes are microscopes.
Light microscopes bend light such that the image of the specimen is magnified at different levels.
Light microscopes use a system of lenses to magnify an image.
Light microscopes use light and lenses to enlarge an image of an object.
Light microscopes use light to pass through the specimen to see it.
Light microscopes work through bending light.
Light microscopy demonstrates glycosaminoglycan deposits within stromal keratocytes.
Light microscopy includes bright field, dark field, phase contrast, and epifluorescence.
Light microscopy is the definitive investigation.
Light microscopy is used to decode data notches on extracted fish wire tags into a binary number.
Light microscopy is used to examine a range of micro-organisms.
Light microscopy reveals bulla formation within upper dermis.
Light microscopy reveals glycosaminoglycan deposits within stromal keratocytes.
Light microscopy reveals large glycogen-containing vacuoles in nearly all muscle fibers.
Light mode is free, but offers a reduced feature set.
Light monkeys swing from vine to vine across a lawn, light frogs jump and light bunnies hop.
Light movers change the position of the light source so plants receive light from different angles.
Light music can help create a warm atmosphere, but again, go easy.
Light music plays in the background.
Light objects becomes missiles.
Light objects have less mass.
Light objects have levity so they float up.
Light output affects how well an image can be viewed and is measured in lumens.
Light output is ample for any system.
Light output is brightest in the center of the beam, more diffused around the edges.
Light output is brilliant and cool.
Light output is completely computer-controlled.
Light output is less important, but only when the ideal viewing environment can be maintained.
Light output is proportional to the radiation absorbed.
Light output is via a quartz light guide.
Light parts make the bike easier to handle and accelerate.
Light particles come from sources.
Light particles fall through the lens onto the retina.
Most light particles come from sources.
Light pattern allows for exceptionally good spacing to mounting height ratios.
Light patterns wiggle through the water and across the bottom sand like rainbow snakes.
Light peel can help fine lines and wrinkles and improve the texture and smoothness of the skin.
Light pellets are best for lower velocity airguns with lower power scopes.
A light pen is a pointer
Light pens are also available.
Light pens are input devices.
Light pens are pointers.
Light pens are synchronous devices.
Light pens do have some drawbacks.
Light pens resemble ordinary pens and are used to indicate locations on a computer screen.
Light penetration has a definite influence on colonisation in the marine environment.
Light penetration is controlled by a black mesh sheet placed over the tanks.
Light penetration is especially poor in turbid water with dense surface populations of algae.
Some light penetrations decrease productivity.
Some light penetrations prevent photosynthesis.
Light perception is the ability to merely distinguish between light and darkness.
Light perception remains in the right eye.
Light percussion is just as informative.
Light percussion is utilized throughout.
Light peri embroidered flowers grace the waistline.
Light phase is also controllable in the binaural beat modes.
Some light phenomena are even more challenging.
Light photons can interact with electrons and increase or decrease the mass of the electrons.
Light pieces seem to be seeds.
Light pillars can also form around the moon, and around street lights or other bright lights.
Light pink means worms, and white coloring means anemia.
Light pipes are a trendy and economical alternative to skylights.
Light pipes are good too.
Light pipes are optical elements that transfer light from a source to a lighting task.
Light pipes take both direct and diffused sunlight and guide it in a reflective tube to a diffuser.
Light planes bounce more than heavy planes.
Light Plants vary greatly in their require- ments for light.
Light planting continues.
Light planting is under way.
Some light planting is underway.
Light players play keep away from dark players.
Light pollution adds to the stress of daily life as much as noise pollution.
Light pollution causes major problems with astronomy.
Light pollution comes from sources of artificial light such as streetlights and shopping malls.
Light pollution has impact.
Light pollution has more-mundane downsides as well.
Light pollution has negative impact.
Light pollution is a bane for film astrophotographers.
Light pollution is a general glow in the night sky hanging over most cities.
Light pollution is a major problem worldwide, and attention is now beginning to be brought to it.
Light pollution is a problem - used screens to block adjacent tubes.
Light pollution is a security issue, a waste issue and an environmental issue, the group says.
Light pollution is a serious problem.
Light pollution is a special threat to astronomy.
Light pollution is a worldwide problem which affects almost the entire human population.
Light pollution is also a sign of waste.
Light pollution is an increasing problem for observatories everywhere.
Light pollution is an issue that affects everything on Earth.
Light pollution is another major problem.
Light pollution is clearly an environmental issue.
Light pollution is equivalent to being subjected to loud noise on a continual basis.
Light pollution is everyone's concern.
Light pollution is minimal.
Light pollution is negligible in other bands, and it is decreasing.
Light pollution is now a problem for virtually every student or amateur astronomer.
Light pollution is only a problem because the light is scattered by the atmosphere.
Light pollution is similar to noise pollution, or obnoxious odors.
Light pollution is the bane of all night watchers.
Light pollution is the costs of one person's good foisted upon many others.
Light pollution is the emission of artificial light into areas where it is unneeded or unwanted.
Light pollution is the one form of pollution whose solution immediately saves money.
Light pollution is the urban sky glow above any city, hiding our view of the universe.
Light pollution is the wasted light from street lights that goes to the sides and up.
Light pollution is to comets like carbon monoxide is to mammals.
Light pollution is unfortunately just a fact of life for the modern amateur astronomer.
Light pollution is very detrimental to deep sky observing.
Light pollution is virtually non-existant here.
Light pollution is virtually nonexistent.
Light pollution is worst in the city and near cities.
Light pollution leaves only the moon, planets and brightest of stars visible to the naked eye.
Light pollution makes the night sky unduly bright and can prevent stars from being seen.
Light pollution occurs due to prominent excess illumination of an area.
Light pollution produces disorientation and leads to the deaths of various reptiles and amphibians.
Light pollution reduces the suitable area of feeding habitat for owls and other night-hunting birds.
Most light pollution has impact.
Most light pollution has negative impact.
Most light pollution is unnecessary.
Some light pollution affects women.
Some light pollution increases gases.
Some light pollution increases greenhouse gases.
Some light pollution is faced by astronomers.
Some light pollution is faced by optical astronomers.
Light post is located in parking lot behind White library near rear entrance to library.
Light posts are hard to hit.
Light posts are located in street corners.
Light posts keep the area bright and safe for night runs.
Light pressure detects low frequency sounds.
Light pressure is all that is required.
Light pressure is applied on the lower second molar.
Light pressure is enough.
Light pressure is equal to the power of the light beam divided by c , the speed of light.
Light pressure is the force transferred by sunlight onto the sails.
Light pressure is usually best.
Light print is for the present year and dark print is for the past year or vice versa.
Light produce devices consist of filament.
Light production appears to be associated with the protection and survival of a species.
Light production is quantitated in a luminometer.
Light pulses are a binary method of transfer.
Light punishment is no good for some children.
Light purple is a good choice for a feminine design.
Light quality can be as good or better.
Light quality can vary from one moment to the next.
Light quality is always important to photography.
Light quality is as important as the right amount.
Light quality is excellent and the lamps start instantly.
Light quality is improved.
Light quality is maintained by using only continuously woven fiberglass cloth that holds together.
Light quality is probably the least understood and the most neglected of the three variables.
Light quality ranges from full sun to full shade.
Light quality refers to the balance of colors emitted from a light source.
Light quality refers to the color or wavelength reaching the plant surface.
Light quality varies under different types of trees.
Light quantity is measured in foot candles.
Light racquets are more maneuverable.
Light radiation consists of both visible light and ultraviolet and infrared light.
Light radiation is seen to blast from the tip of one cone to the other.
Light rail brings all the expense of building a commuter rail system, but none of the advantages.
Light rail can be an important component in the county's congested transportation network.
Light rail can transform our cities.
Light rail carries people to a lively downtown.
Light rail connects the core with nine smaller business and shopping areas.
Light rail has even less potential in non-downtown oriented corridors.
Light rail has to start somewhere.
Light rail is a big, complex answer to a lot of our problems.
Light rail is a gamble, but an important gamble.
Light rail is a medium-capacity train that is powered by electric motors fed by overhead wires.
Light rail is a modern version of old-time street cars.
Light rail is a replacement for bus service in the densest part of Seattle.
Light rail is a very sleek, efficient way to move people.
Light rail is able to run in tunnels, along hills, elevated tracks and at street level.
Light rail is accessible.
Light rail is also apart of the plan.
Light rail is an awkward way to move people.
Light rail is an economically unjustifiable loser.
Light rail is an efficient and cost-effective form of mass transit.
Light rail is an electrically powered transit system.
Light rail is an enormous boondoggle.
Light rail is an enormously expensive project.
Light rail is an essential part of our transportation plan.
Light rail is an important investment in a community's future.
Light rail is an important investment in Austin's future.
Light rail is an important piece of our strategy to decrease traffic and pollution.
Light rail is built mainly on ground-level.
Light rail is characterized by short headways, frequent stops, and service within an urban area.
Light rail is expensive.
Light rail is generally above ground.
Light rail is ideal for applications in smaller cities.
Light rail is inflexible once in place.
Light rail is more cost-effective than freeway construction.
Light rail is neither quick nor has it been found to be the solution.
Light rail is on track.
Light rail is only a part of the solution.
Light rail is only a trolley system, and trolleys died out a half a century ago.
Light rail is packed.
Light rail is significantly more expensive per mile than monorail.
Light rail is the glamour item in the proposal.
Light rail is the only choice being offered.
Light rail is the sizzle.
Light rail is touted as a means of reducing urban traffic congestion.
Light rail keeps central cities strong.
Light rail makes absolutely no sense.
Light rail means business.
Light rail means fewer cars on the highway.
Light rail means more development, more restaurants and loft apartments.
Light rail needs to be derailed.
Light rail needs to be repriced.
Light rail offers a direct route.
Light rail operates on special tracks on or along streets and is powered by overhead electric power.
Light rail operates successfully in many other cities.
Light rail provides economic rebirth to neighborhoods.
Light rail provides service to the east and west sides of the city.
Light rail provides travelers with an alternative to driving in congestion.
Light rail rolling stock is supplied to the mining and paper industries.
Light rail seems to be the answer.
Light rail serves downtown Denver and the southwest suburbs of Denver.
Light rail wastes energy.
All light rail does is move transit riders from buses into trains.
Light rain can last for days.
Light rain continues to fall and thunderstorms are forecasted for the coming days.
Light rain continues to fall on the coastal area, but there are no reports of flooding as of yet.
Light rain pelters the ground.
Light rains are more effective if some litter and stubble remain.
Some light rain falls during the winter months.
Light raincoats are useful during the wet season.
Light rates ensure some bare ground, an essential component of brood-rearing habitat.
Light rays appear to bend in the warped space surrounding massive objects.
Light rays approaching a black hole are bent around by steeply curved space.
Light rays are absorbed through the leaves of the plant by the plant's chlorophyll.
Light rays are bent by the cornea and the lens of the eye so that they focus on the retina.
Light rays are bent here as well as in the lens.
Light rays are focused more directly on the retina and images are now more in focus.
Light rays are now focused on the retina.
Light rays are the external stimuli for vision.
Light rays are then focused on that part of the macula called the fovea.
Light rays bend as they pass from air outside the eye to the fluid within the eye.
Light rays bounce from objects in the real world through the lens of the eye onto the retina.
Light rays bounce off of objects and into our eyes.
Light rays change the direction before reaching our eyes.
Light rays come in through the lens.
Light rays converge at principal focus of a lens.
Light rays converge before they reach the retina and the brain receives a blurred image.
Light rays deflected are in the process of being altered.
Light rays differ from one another by wavelength .
Light rays do originate from a real image, such as the one on a movie screen.
Light rays enter the almost vertical side faces and leave via the lower horizontal face.
Light rays enter the eye through a transparent layer of tissue known as the cornea.
Light rays enter the eye through the cornea and are later interpreted by the brain.
Light rays enter the eye through the cornea, the outer membrane that covers the eyeball.
Light rays enter the eye through transparent tissues.
Light rays entering the eye are bent too much and are focused improperly.
Light rays fall beyond the retina.
Light rays fall on reflect surfaces.
Light rays fall on surfaces.
Light rays fall on the retina.
Light rays focus before reaching the retina and images appear blurry.
Light rays focus behind the retina, and close objects look blurred.
Light rays focus in front of the retina rather than on the retina.
Light rays focus in the front of the retina.
Light rays go beyond the retina, putting far objects in focus.
Light rays go out in all directions from every point on the arrow.
Light rays pass through the cornea and then through the lens.
Light rays pass throught two tubes with water flowing in opposite directions.
Light rays passing through a diverging lens are bent outward.
Light rays passing through curved surfaces are bent.
Light rays passing through such a mixture are slightly bent or distorted.
Light rays strike surfaces.
Light rays travel at a fixed speed.
Light rays travel in straight lines.
All light rays are bent the same amount by gravity.
All light rays coming from the light source are parallel and point in the same direction.
Most light rays fall on reflect surfaces.
Most light rays fall on surfaces.
Some light rays bounce off the top of the soap film, and others bounce off the back.
Some light rays form images.
Some light rays pass through fields.
Some light rays reach surfaces.
Light reaction is part of photosynthesis.
Light reaction is photochemical reaction
Light reaction is photochemical reaction.
Light reaction is the capture of light energy in the chloroplast of plant cells.
Light reaction is the first photosynthesis stage which requires light.
Light reaction takes place in association with the thylakoids .
Light reactions convert solar energy into chemical energy.
Light reactions occur in the thylakoids of chloroplasts.
Light reactions occur mostly in the thylakoid stacks of the grana.
Light reactions take place on the actual thylakoid membrane.
Most light reaction is part of photosynthesis.
Light reading is how many people learn to read.
Light receptors allow the jelly to distinguish light and dark, but no shapes or external dimension.
Light red is associated with cheerfulness, but bright or dark red can induce irritability.
Light red is connected with waning energy levels.
Light reflectance is as much as scientific measure as temperature or weight.
Light reflections are evident in the sensor foil surfaces.
Light reflections can show surface imperfections.
Light reflections make imperfections in the surface finish that existed before flight more visible.
Some light reflection takes places.
Light reflectors prevent the skin from looking like a mask.
A light reflex is a reflex
Light reflex is preserved.
Light refraction is maximized and the sense of airiness is unmatched.
Light refreshment is available en route.
Light refreshment is served upon arrival.
Light refreshments add a festive conclusion to the evening.
Light refreshments add to the amicable nature of the occasion.
Light refreshments are also available.
Light refreshments are available at all dances.
Light refreshments are available at both top and bottom stations of the teleferico.
Light refreshments are available before each performance and during the interval.
Light refreshments are available by donation.
Light refreshments are available for oneself hour preceding each lecture.
Light refreshments are available for purchase.
Light refreshments are available for sale.
Light refreshments are available from the cafe.
Light refreshments are available in a bistro atmosphere.
Light refreshments are available in the afternoon and evening.
Light refreshments are available in the restaurant.
Light refreshments are available on board.
Light refreshments are available on the site.
Light refreshments are available on the terrace seven days a week.
Light refreshments are available throughout the day.
Light refreshments are available.
Light refreshments are sometimes available.
Light refreshments can be available.
Light refreshments follow.
Light refreshments precede the program.
Light refreshments preceed the talk.
Light regions indicate high proton signal.
Light relaxation is quite adequate.
Light requirements are fairly straight forward.
Light requirements are full sun to partial shade.
Light requirements range from full sun to dense shade.
Light roast is used by coffee tasters to evaluate the subtle characteristics of each coffee.
Some light romance helps to soften the story from time to time.
Light ruffles add grace and charm.
Light rum can replace gin in any drink recipe.
Light rust is removed by rubbing the item with very fine bronze wool and mineral spirits.
Light sales experience a plus.
Light sauces enhance rather than mask flavours.
Light scallion pancakes chock-full of smoked duck breast boasted loads of flavor.
Light scent disappears as it penetrates to relieve minor arthritis, backache, muscle and joint pain.
Light scent makes swimming a real refreshing plunge.
Light secondaries create pale line along trailing edge of wings on adults.
Light sedation is induced with drug of choice intravenously.
Light sedation is required, along with a specific bowel preparation.
Light selection is dependent upon the part size, surface features, part geometry and system needs.
Light sensitivity can also be a prominent symptom.
Light sensitivity can be confused with dry eyes - it feels very similar.
Light sensitivity is a common occurrence with blepharospasm patients.
Light sensitivity is almost universal and halos and other unusual light effects can occur.
Light sensitivity is frequently a natural defense when the eye is traumatized.
Light sensitivity is usually temporary.
Light sensitization occurs once the drug is infused.
Light sensor deactivates the sounds when room is dark.
Light sensors is another idea that was mentioned.
Light sensors keep brightness comfortable day or night.
Light sensors range from simple CdS cells to complex video cameras.
Light sensors report brightness.
Light series have smaller gear teeth width and shorter hub extention.
Light shade is defined as any area that receives half day sun.
Light shade is fine, with perhaps heavier shade tolerated when the afternoon sun beats down.
Light shade is ideal during the hottest part of the day.
Light shade is ideal for most of the plants in the list.
Light shade is tolerated.
Light shade permits rich ground vegetation.
Light shade seems to do best for it.
Light shades represent stronger amplitudes.
Every light shaft wraps itself around the piercing darkness, creating a wonderful mood.
Light shelf wear along bottom edge.
Light shelf wear to spine ends and board corners, gilt title on cover and spine is clean and bright.
Light shelves can also reduce the amount of heat that enters a space.
Light shipments expect to continue.
Light showers do occur occasional, but heavy rains are unlikely.
Light sideburns are on the snout.
Light signals coming through the eyes reset the circadian cycles each day.
Light signals play a crucial role in determining the architecture of individual plants and canopies.
Light signals suffer much less attenuation over distances than electronic signals do.
Light signals travel in both directions throughout the network.
Light skin absorbs lots of UV, while dark skin absorbs less.
Light skin is most vulnerable because it has less melanin, the pigment that helps prevent burning.
Light skin is preferred to dark skin.
Light skin is weak, dark skin is strong .
Light skin makes laser hair removal easier to perform.
Light sleepwear is suggested, as the museum gets warm during the night.
Light smoke coming from a wheel indicates a stuck brake.
Light smoke has a lower opacity than dark smoke.
Light snacks are a sensible compromise.
Light snacks are also available.
Light snacks are available at other times.
Light snacks are available from the bar, and there are restaurants nearby.
Light snacks are available.
Light snacks are on the menu.
Light snacks maintain energy levels, such as granola bars, fruit, nuts, jerky, etc.
Light snow creates scenes.
Light snow creates winter scenes.
Light snow falls occasionally.
Light snow is a possibility.
Light snow is forecast for northern Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
Light snow is likely tonight.
Light snow is possible.
Light snows can occur at higher elevations.
More light snow falls onto the hillside.
Most light snow creates scenes.
Most light snow creates winter scenes.
Light snowfall is common in winter.
Light snowflakes begin to fall.
Light snowflakes fall from above like feathers from an unknown bird.
Light soils absorb water faster but dry out quicker.
Light soils are suitable for early crops, whereas heavier soils are preferred for later crops.
A light source is a device
Light source can modify the color.
Light source includes fiber optic illuminator and annular ring light.
Light source is a tungsten filament lamp.
Light source is very important in creating depth.
Light sources are different, so color balance becomes important with photomicrography.
Light sources are halogen and incandescent, providing upward, downward and diffused illumination.
Light sources are located in books.
Light sources are located in candles.
Light sources are located in flashlights.
Light sources are located in hallways.
Light sources are located in houses.
Light sources are located in lamps.
Light sources are located in light bulbs.
Light sources are located in skies.
Light sources are used for reads.
Light sources can be incandescent or LEDs.
Light sources cause peaks in the incident radiance distribution.
Light sources come in three basic types incandescent, arc and fluorescent.
Light sources have no visible shape of their own.
Light sources is a general term applied to any source of light used in photography.
Light sources located behind monitors can cause unnecessary eyestrain.
Light sources produce a mixture of hues.
Light sources vary greatly in their efficiency.
Light sources vary in their ability to accurately reflect the true colors of people and objects.
All light sources used for lighting lose their ability to produce light as they age.
Any light source can do.
Any light source emits a very large number of photons of light oriented at random.
Any light source has a specific spectral quality.
Every light source is different, but the intensity changes in the same way.
Most light sources are incandescent lamps.
Most light sources are mixtures of various wavelengths of light.
Most light sources contain UV, including sunlight, flourescent, and incandescent bulbs.
Most light sources emit a broad range of wavelengths that cover the entire visible light spectrum.
Most light sources emit a mixture of wavelengths.
Most light sources emit light at many different wavelengths.
Most light sources emit unpolarized light, but there are several ways light can be polarized.
Most light sources provide a fairly complete spectrum with virtually all of the wavelengths present.
Some light sources emit radiation.
Some light sources flash on and off many times a second.
Some light sources provide light.
Light spectra can enhance aspects of property studying.
Light speed is a constant
Light speed is fast.
Light speed is just a speed.
Light speed is light speed.
Light speed is speed
Light spillage is minimised.
Light spots are from camera flash.
Light spots cover the darker areas of the body.
Light spots indicate a problem.
Light spots occur between the stripes.
Light station is available as a campsite for adventure travel.
Light steel opposes heavy wood while transparency opposes opacity.
Light sticks are good or a small penlight flashlight also works well.
Light stimulation activates two outward currents.
Light strings can move more rapidly, and faster vibration rates produce higher tones.
Light stripes are likely to be formed by pure water ice.
Light stuff is more about timing, focus, attention, and clarity.
Light supper follows.
Light supper is available fireside to our guests during busy weekends and holidays.
Light supper is available.
Light suppers are available on request.
Light suppers are available.
Some light supplies are available through resale markets.
Some light surface scratches, but sturdy with no cracks in the wood.
Some light surface scratches, some foxing on the edges.
Light sweetness develops in a smooth, fruity aftertaste.
Light switch causes the lights to go on and off.
Light switch is on the bill of the cap.
Light switch is right inside the door to the left.
Light switches are easy.
Light switches are hard to find.
Light switches are low, at wheelchair height.
Light switches are on the outside of the rooms instead of the inside of the rooms.
Light switches are such devices.
Light switches have a lever which moves up and down.
Light switchs are located in rooms.
Light switchs are switchs.
Light synchronization minimizes delay and excess fuel consumption.
Light tackle has no place in tournaments.
Light tackle helps to detect soft bites, and perch are expert bait-stealers.
Light tackle is ideal.
Light tackle is important.
Light tackle is in order as browns search out the warmer water along the shore.
Light tackle is our speciality.
Light tackle is so versatile it can be used on any lake at almost any time of the year.
Light tackle is used to temporarily suspend the links until tension is applied.
Light tackle is used.
Light tackle lands incredible bonefish catches.
Light tackle works everywhere.
Most light technicians prefer to operate movable lights from a separate console.
Light tent is a tent like structure made of translucent material hung around a frame.
Light testing indicates it's a fix.
Light text works against a dark background and vice versa.
Light text works well on dark backgrounds and dark text works well on light backgrounds.
Light texture gives a very satisfying crunch, salt crystals give a nice appearance.
Light therapy can be very useful.
Light therapy can mean the difference between night and day to some.
Light therapy comes in all sizes, colors and intensities.
Light therapy consists of using a light box with high-intensity florescent lights.
Light therapy does take time, and regular use.
Light therapy has an antidepressant effect.
Light therapy includes wearing glasses with different color lenses.
Light therapy involves exposure to intense levels of light under controlled conditions.
Light therapy involves the use of light that mimics the intensity of natural, outdoor light.
Light therapy is a unique and effective treatment for winter depression.
Light therapy is also a good alternative.
Light therapy is an exciting, fast growing field.
Light therapy is called alternative but it has been used for years.
Light therapy is currently the treatment of choice.
Light therapy is now a widely used therapy for sad and milder forms of depression.
Light therapy is now a widely used therapy for sad therapy and milder forms of depression.
Light therapy is one of several approaches to treating bipolar disorder .
Light therapy is one of several approaches to treating bipolar disorder.
Light therapy is promoted for use in unproven and potentially harmful ways.
Light therapy is recommended, so some people use artificial light boxes.
Light therapy is the primary, non-drug based treatment for winter depression.
Light therapy is used in the morning or before the work shift.
Light therapy regulates brain chemistry by controlling the levels of serotonin and melatonin.
Light therapy requires very bright light.
Light therapy uses light emitted from 'full-spectrum' lights.
Light therapy utilizes a full spectrum for treating depression.
Light therapy works for many people, but can lead to eyestrain, headaches, insomnia or irritability.
Light things float on heavier things which means the balloon rises up.
Light timers are available at most hardware stores.
Light timing is perhaps the most obvious of such solutions.
Light tint indicates sea, dark tint indicates evaporitic deposits laid down as the sea dried up.
Light tones are created by transfering small amounts of dye, darker tones use more dye.
Light tones depict areas of high backscatter, dark tones areas of low backscatter within the image.
Light tones depict areas of high backscatter, dark tones areas of low backscatter.
Light tones depict high backscatter areas, dark tones areas of low backscatter within the image.
Light tones depict high backscatter, dark tones areas of low backscatter within the imagery.
Light tones indicate high NDVIs.
Light touch feels like burning or an electric shock.
Light touch is detected by receptors in the skin.
Light touch is touch
Light touch is used on the spinal reflex points of the feet, hands, and head.
Light touch is used on, or above the client's fully-clothed body.
Light touch is used to promote well-being and the natural flow of the life force.
Light touches are a very sensual way to test the waters of attraction.
Light trails is another photographic effect where motion blur is used.
Light trailers used by homeowners when loaded have the same weight as a small sedan vehicle.
Light training can start within a weeks of beginning to feed the special diet.
Light transfer is the most common.
Light transmission is good.
Light transmission is the amount of light let into the car through the tinting.
Light transmission varies with composition.
Light transmittance is equal throughout the lens, including the logo.
Light traps are most effective at night when there are no competing light sources.
Light traps are the most widely used method to sample adult mosquito populations.
Light traps are UV black light over plastic collecting bin, run off of car battery.
Light traps attract phototrophic species.
Light traps can also be use to catch adult fleas and evaluate areas where flea numbers are high.
Light traps can trap foreign materials.
Light travel is required.
Some light travel is necessary but no overnight travel is mandatory.
Light trespass is a potentially harmful intrusion of energy into our homes and bodies.
Light trespass is easy to identify.
Light trespass is more than an annoyance.
Light trespass is the crossing of a property line by artificial light.
Light trespass is when light being used by a person goes into the property of another.
Light trespass offends neighbors.
Some light triggers mushroom production.
Light trimming is suggested.
Light trimming is wrapped around the house.
Light trough is positionable and a missile can be launched from front of craft.
Light trough is positionable, engine doors open, rolling wheels.
Light trucks are far less efficient than passenger cars.
Light trucks are the new passenger cars of choice, representing half of new vehicle sales.
Light trucks continue to gain share, delivering extremely high margins in the process.
Light trucks emit even more.
Light trucks pose safety problems, experts say.
Light trucks tend to weigh more than cars and get fewer miles to the gallon.
Many light trucks have weaker standards than cars.
Light tubes are smaller and the lighting is less direct.
Light tuna contains mercury.
Most light tuna contains mercury.
Light type indicates name of topic within the article.
Light type provides too little contrast, making the text pale and colourless.
A light unit is an emu
Light unit makes it possible to take sitings or work from a map at night.
Light units can even suppress heavy units.
Light usage is free.
Light use is the key to using design elements.
Light users are more likely to accept a loss of control.
Light values pop forward Dark values recede.
Light velocity is constant in any inertial frame.
Light verse is another possibility for a woman of few words.
Light version has no export option, is limited to seven sub-items per item and displays banner ads.
Light version is available in English.
Light version is free and enough for persons with usual number of activities.
Light version is free.
Light version is the same delicious popcorn with a reduced calorie content.
Light vessels are basically ships with lighthouses on top.
Light violet is interpreted as sensuality.
Light vision is a major element of the visual function.
Light visors are an adaptation that provide a greater mobility and adjustable light intensity.
Light vocals offer sentimental lyrics, often more melodically spoken than they are sung.
Light volume is consider a positive sign when market breadth negative.
Light walls are best, because they reflect light without glare.
Light water stain below title.
Light water stain in bottom third.
Light water stain in lower margin.
Light water stain in lower right corner barely affecting image.
Light water stain in lower right margin corner.
Light water stain in the bottom right hand blank margin.
Light water stain in top margin of text.
Light water stain in upper left and lower left margin corners.
Light water stain in upper right margin corner.
Light water stain on cover.
Light water stain on left margin and slight staining on bottom and lower right margin.
Light water stain on left margin.
Light water stain on lower half of all pages.
Light water stain on right margin edge.
Light water stain with bend in upper edge corner of book.
Light waves add when they are in phase and subtract when out of phase.
Light waves are an example of transverse waves.
Light waves are brighter when the amplitude is higher.
Light waves are currents alternating trillions of times per second.
Light waves are electromagnetic or non-mechanical waves which can propagate through vacuum.
Light waves are electromagnetic waves.
Light waves are far larger than the size of the nucleus.
Light waves are fluctuations of electric and magnetic fields in space.
Light waves are light.
Light waves behave in the same way.
Light waves bend as they pass by the edge of a narrow aperture or slit.
Light waves bounce back and forth between the mirrors on the resonator.
Light waves can even travel like a twisting corkscrew.
Light waves can move along the defect.
Light waves can move through space.
Light waves can pass through some materials, while other materials block light.
Light waves can travel through empty space.
Light waves carry energy .
Light waves consist of oscillating magnetic and electric fields.
Light waves do the same thing.
Light waves have 'crests' and 'troughs'.
Light waves have intensity just as sound waves do.
Light waves have much in common with mechanical waves, they share a lot of mathematics.
Light waves move through air in straight lines.
Light waves reach the retina, and only particular wavelengths.
Light waves reflect from the apple towards a photographic film.
Light waves reflect from the surfaces of two plastic sheets separated by a thin air gap.
Light waves reflected by the red make the plant respond as if it's being crowded.
Light waves slow down when they travel inside substances, such as air, water, glass or a diamond.
Light waves transfer energy.
Light waves travel faster than radio waves.
Light waves travel in a straight line unless they meet an obstacle.
Light waves travel out from their source in straight lines called rays.
Light waves traveling freely can vibrate in any direction.
Light waves wash past atomic-scale features, like ocean waves rolling over seashells.
All light waves are examples of electromagnetic waves.
All light waves are transverse waves.
All light waves move at the speed of light .
All light waves run precisely in phase with each other and are of the same colour.
All light waves travel at the same speed in a vacuum.
All light waves travel in vacuum with same velocity.
Most light waves transfer energy.
Some light waves have peaks that are closer together than other light waves.
Light wavelengths are very short, and are expressed in nanometers .
Light weapons are commonplace and easy to obtain.
Light weapons are the weapons of choice for combatants and criminals alike for a number of reasons.
Light weight allows for towing by most motorized vehicles, even some small compact cars.
Light weight allows incredible control and mobility allowing greater pad extension.
Light weight hiking boots or shoes with some ankle support are recommend.
Light weight is a definite asset.
Light weight is also important to reduce inertial effects during an earthquake.
Light weight is always more comfortable for extended use but usually means a less rugged glass.
Light weight is critical for mobile applications.
Light weight is important but so is area.
Light weight is the key.
Light weight makes a huge difference hopping trail obstacles.
Light weight makes for easier handling.
Light weight makes it easier to handle and clean.
Light weight makes it popular for performers requiring a more portable and smaller harp.
Light weight requires less work to kick than other fins.
Light weights provide a much better opportunity to isolate a muscle.
Light whites go with poached fish.
Some light wills have advantageous effects.
Some light wills have effects.
Light wind brings air.
Light wind can actually strengthen a tree's trunk, but strong wind can cause some damage.
Light wind means short wavelength.
Light winds are a welcome companion to the fly angler and the day's heat.
Light winds blow in a clock wise direction.
Light winds prevail during equinoctial periods.
Light winds provide a gentle mixing and can thicken the fog layer.
Light winds require a fuller setting than strong winds.
Light winds send the catkins swaying and the pollen flying in gold-green puffs.
Light winds speed up the formation.
Most light wind brings air.
Some light wind leads to fog.
Some light wind leads to overnight fog.
Light wine colored centers seem to cast a rosy reflection on the soft white petals.
Light wings float through eternal gardens And illuminate It is the evening.
All light wire is tinned stranded.
Light woods tend to engrave better than dark woods.
Light woods used throughout the restaurant give it a fresh feeling.
Light wrinkles are almost completely eliminated and deep creases are visibly softened.
A light year is a linear measure
Light year is the distance that light travels in one year.
Light year is the distance travelled by light in vacuum in one year.
Light year is used to measure the distance in space.
Light years aheadof the competition.
Light years appart.
Light yellow urine contains water.
Light yellow is selected below.
Light abounds, as do window seats, lofts, natural wood and brick.
Light absorbs pigment.
Light absorbs shadow.
Light activates photoreactive drug, releasing agents that destroy only affected cells.
Light activates the reagent causing crosslinked bridges between the two surfaces.
Light acts as a signal to initiate and regulate photoperiodism and photomorphogenesis.
Light acts as an indicator of energy and the cords as the means of transmission.
Light acts as both a particle and a wave.
Light acts in the same way from all points of view.
Light acts like a wave in many ways.
Light acts the same way inside the fibre optic cable used for communications lines.
Light actually exists.
Light actually inhibits the growth of stems if there is much blue light present.
Light advances germination.
Light affects animals in several ways.
Light affects development.
Light affects flowering.
Light affects penetration and infection of pines by dwarf mistletoe.
Light affects plants in two ways.
Light affects reproduction in several species through hormonal mechanisms.
Light affects the germination of seeds in various ways according to the species.
Light alone is too static a motif on which to hang our entire relationship with the world.
Light also affects molting.
Light also affects one's mood.
Light also affects plants in other ways.
Light also attempts to find out how much money the couple is willing to spend.
Light also behaves as if it consists of discrete particles or quanta called photons .
Light also behaves like a wave in many contexts.
Light also behaves like a wave, and, thus, every photon has a wavelength.
Light also behaves like particles referred to as photons.
Light also bring growth to a practical stand still at night.
Light also creates heat.
Light also creates patterns with shadow.
Light also enters from the rest of the can, the counter, and other objects.
Light also enters the room from the skylights and from the family room on the other side.
Light also favors the destruction of the enzyme.
Light also has a wave nature.
Light also has meaning related to the religious or cultural background of different countries.
Light also has profound effects upon the internal mechanisms of fish.
Light also helps determine how clients evaluate a job.
Light also includes infrared and ultra violet light on the far ends of the rainbow.
Light also is a symbol of the glory which is to come.
Light also is diffracted when passing through a lens.
Light also leaks seem to change from camera to camera.
Light also means heat, which means evaporation.
Light also means manifestation.
Light also outlines a way of moving the future into one of enlightenment and joy.
Light also play an important role.
Light also plays a part in the germination of many seeds.
Light also projects upward to produce plenty of light.
Light also regulates asexual sporulation.
Light also slows down when it enters glass.
Light also speeds up transpiration by warming the leaf.
Light also symbolizes a certain kind of character in Kitchen .
Light also transfers energy from place to place.
Light animates the still canvas.
Light announces the sunrise.
Light appears as either a particle or as a wave.
Light appears in many guises, At times it takes on mysterious disguises.
Light appears in seven distinct colors known as a spectrum.
Light appears magically from bands of dark brown or gleams suddenly from a strip of orange.
Light appears to be filtering into the room through half-drawn drapes.
Light appears to inhibit germination and induce dormancy of seeds.
Light appears to inhibit germination.
Light appears to slow down near a significantly large gravity well.
Light appears to slow down when it passes close to a massive object .
Light appears to slow down when it passes close to a massive object.
Light aqua with gold star hightlights.
Light arch with remote spot lights, auto inflate, stereo, trailer, center console.
Light argues that the federal government is losing the talent war on three fronts.
Light arises in the east, the direction of the gods.
Light arriving from the sun hits the molecules in the air and is scattered in all directions.
Light attracts fish.
Light attracts insects at night.
Light attracts Light.
Light attracts moths.
Light bathes everything and quiet fills the space.
Light bathes the scene, heightening all the colors and penetrating into the darkest shadows.
Light bathes the world with sensual and psychological immediacy.
Light be the field, Which gives birth to colors.
Light beats darkness.
Light become critical when the cotyledons emerge.
Light becomes an integral part of the designs for home, office, and public areas.
Light becomes available at the surface again.
Light becomes color in painting and space the holes in hollowness.
Light becomes dynamic.
Light becomes home to nature.
Light becomes pictures, pictures become film.
Light becomes the background of the icon.
Light becomes the burden and easy the yoke of life.
Light becomes the conscious medium of our expression as well as the source of our energy.
Light begins to appear luminously in the morning and the bells ring at four in the morning.
Light begins to break down wines as well.
Light begins to fade slowly.
Light begins to shine.
Light behaves both as a wave and a particle.
Light behaves both as a wave and as a massless hunk of energy called a photon.
Light behaves both as a wave and as a particle.
Light behaves the same way.
Light bends easier than minds.
Light blemishes folds and left edge rough.
Light blinks green.
Light blinks red.
Light born of meditation illuminates the way things are.
Light bounces off a flat mirror just as a ball bounces off a flat surface.
Light bounces off mirrors very much like a bouncing ball.
Light bounces off the edge of a room more slowly, expanding the feeling of size a space gives off.
Light bounces off the mirrors and streaks across walls and floors.
Light bounces off their spectacles.
Light bows for re enactors to use in combat or heavy ones for elephant hunters.
Light breaks over that promontory under the steady stars.
Light breaks through the canopy and they find an opening in the forest.
Light breeds starrt to lay at about five months and the heavier breeds at about six months.
Light breeze all day.
Light brings every kind of goodness, right living, and truth.
Light brings heat, and heat brings action.
Light brings hope for the future and washes away the past, a new age is born.
Light brings out reality.
Light brings out.
Light brings personal information on a physical plane from the darkness of our sub-conscious.
Light brings sight and penetrates that which is dark.
Light brings visibility.
Light brings warmth.
Light brings wisdom.
Light build xxx porn.
Light bushfires, however they survive very well.
Light campfires only at designated areas or in disposable sets.
Light can also affect the quality and taste of wines.
Light can also be a factor, some seeds germinate better in full light while others require darkness.
Light can also be an efficient way to show the passage of time.
Light can also be artificial such as light bulbs.
Light can also behave as a particle and a wave at the same time.
Light can also cause electrical changes to occur in some materials.
Light can also cause the double bonds to form a ring .
Light can also cause the double bonds to form a ring.
Light can also enter the sign from the clear edge or the translucent back.
Light can also illuminate a product from behind.
Light can also travel through matter like air, glass, and water.
Light can be a particle at one point in time and a wave at another point in time.
Light can be a problem.
Light can be a superb sculptor for the photographer.
Light can be both good and bad for photosynthesis.
Light can be brazen or bland.
Light can be either natural or artifical.
Light can be either natural or man-made.
Light can be from below or oblique.
Light can be good or bad, it takes very little force to produce a good volume.
Light can be only experienced, it has a presence.
Light can be the most complicated of the applications.
Light can be treated as a wave, so light can experience diffraction.
Light can be very damaging to textiles on two counts.
Light can begin permeating.
Light can behave as a particle or as a wave.
Light can behave in unfamiliar ways in a photonic crystal.
Light can behave like a particle and like a wave.
Light can behave like a wave sometimes and then like a particle at a different time.
Light can bend a beam of light.
Light can bounce off objects, like a billiard ball hitting the side of a billiard table.
Light can bounce off of whatever it illuminates, to light up something else.
Light can bounce or absorb depending on the color.
Light can bounce or reflect off of ground surfaces and cause glare and scatter as well.
Light can carry billions of times more data than traditional copper wire.
Light can cause chemical changes, as seen when plants use light to grow.
Light can cause color changes and nutrient losses in foods canned in glass jars.
Light can cause discoloration and loss of nutrients.
Light can cause electricity to be generated, like with a solar-powered calculator.
Light can cause embrittlement, yellowing and color fading in prints and hand-colored surfaces.
Light can cause embrittlement, yellowing, and fading in photographs.
Light can cause paper to yellow and ink to fade.
Light can change any scene into something completely different.
Light can change into matter and back into light again.
Light can create moods.
Light can create only particle pairs whose charges sum to zero, since light itself is chargeless.
Light can damage a good bottle.
Light can damage eyesight.
Light can degrade chlorine compounds and produce hydrogen, a non-polluting fuel.
Light can destablize chelates.
Light can disorientate both the female turtle and the hatchlings.
Light can either be 'on' a surface or 'through' a surface.
Light can escape near the event horizon.
Light can exist only if darkness exists.
Light can fade old books and smoke can blacken drawings.
Light can fade pigments and cause paper and textiles to become brittle.
Light can fade the color of canned foods in glass jars.
Light can get neither in nor out.
Light can glimmer, gleam, or sparkle.
Light can go around the earth three times in one second .
Light can go around the earth three times in one second.
Light can go long distances in a fiber.
Light can go through anything.
Light can have a lot of energy and is able to break chemical bonds .
Light can have a lot of energy and is able to break chemical bonds.
Light can have a profound effect on our bodies and light or a lack can effect our moods thereof.
Light can heal.
Light can induce an electrical response in some ceramics, called photoconductivity.
Light can influence essentially all aspects of orchid plant growth and flowering.
Light can influence our behavior as well as our perception.
Light can interfere with hormone production cycles and reduce the amount of melatonin made.
Light can lead to changes in colour.
Light can make a mineral look very dull or as shiny as a diamond.
Light can make and break a photo.
Light can mean that it is lighter in tasting, light in flavour or light in texture.
Light can more easily penetrate clear water than stained or murky water.
Light can move an electron up to an excited state that occupies a higher orbital .
Light can move an electron up to an excited state that occupies a higher orbital.
Light can neither get in or out.
Light can no longer pass through the lens easily, and vision becomes hazy or blurred.
Light can no longer reach the retina and the animal becomes blind.
Light can only come after dark.
Light can only go through several feet of water naturally before being absorbed.
Light can pass through some materials and is stopped by other materials.
Light can pass through transparent things the most easily .
Light can pass through transparent things the most easily.
Light can penetrate through the eyelids even while the eyes are completely closed.
Light can provide energy by two fundamentally different mechanisms.
Light can reveal much about tissue without ever damaging tissue.
Light can run along rooflines, around windows and doors, through trees and along lawn borders.
Light can shine brightest in the darkest moments.
Light can shine through some solids, such as glass.
Light can stimulate or inhibit a seed's germination.
Light can stimulate or inhibit seed germination of some species.
Light can then pass directly onto the retina, without being scattered.
Light can travel for billions of years at the same speed without losing energy.
Light can travel in a vacuum.
Light can travel inside the core and bounce off of the cladding .
Light can travel inside the core and bounce off of the cladding.
Light can travel through empty space and through some kinds of matter.
Light can travel through it, because the fiber is made from glass.
Light cancel mark on front in upper left corner.
Light carries a lot of information.
Light carries away energy.
Light carries energy as if it contains discrete photons or packets of energy.
Light carries energy.
Light carry wear otherwise excellent condition.
Light cascades strongly and, eventually, soothingly from a spine of windows.
Light causes a shape change in rhodopsin, which sits on the surface of the cell.
Light causes amphioxus to dig in substratum.
Light causes awakenings and lighter sleep.
Light causes chemical change inpigment, receptor fires, neuron stimulated.
Light causes colors to fade.
Light causes conformational change from cis to trans in the membrane of the disc.
Light causes fading and other damage.
Light causes it to conduct electricity more easily.
Light causes pigment to change shape into a different chemical.
Light causes production.
Light causes vitamin A to change shape from the bend cis form to the straight trans form.
Light certainly has an effect on animal behavior.
Light chain allelic exclusion allows a B lymphocyte to make only one type of antibody.
Light changes the qualities of the rooms as the day passes.
Light clearly plays a physiologic role in plant life via photosynthesis.
Light closes stomates.
Light colored clothes absorb less heat than dark colors.
Light colored clothes can make it easier to check for deer ticks.
Light colored clothes make it easier to see ticks as they travel.
Light colored lizards placed on dark rocks become a darker color.
Light coloured clothes tend to encourage light coloured energies.
Light come, light go.
Light comes from a few blocked high windows, filtered as through the leaded panes of a church.
Light comes from a star's surface.
Light comes from a sun.
Light comes from a very small point and looks like a star.
Light comes from above and behind the cross from the right of the viewer.
Light comes from above to touch the face and the hands as darkness gathers on the right hand side.
Light comes from atmospheres.
Light comes from atoms.
Light comes from bask lamps.
Light comes from bulbs.
Light comes from burning bits of cotton and other garbage.
Light comes from darkness, growth comes from barrenness.
Light comes from earth atmospheres.
Light comes from lamps.
Light comes from matter.
Light comes from point sources.
Light comes from propane lamps, heat from a wood stove with clawed feet.
Light comes from single sources.
Light comes from sources.
Light comes from such a large area that it is hard to tell where it came from.
Light comes from the back.
Light comes from the burning gases.
Light comes from the glass and reflects off a soap film with vacuum on the other side.
Light comes from the overexposed corona.
Light comes from the sun and the stars.
Light comes from the sun.
Light comes from the telescope to a fiber head which holds the fibers at the telescope focus.
Light comes from the vacuum and reflects off a soap film floating in air.
Light comes from the vacuum and reflects off a soap film floating over glass.
Light comes from their endless hope and dreams.
Light comes from two small, cross-shaped windows, one in each of the north and south facing walls.
Light comes in beautifully through deep windows.
Light comes in both visible and invisible forms.
Light comes in either through the door or through an opening in the roof.
Light comes in many varieties.
Light comes in packets of energy called quanta or photons .
Light comes in the form of waves, which go up and down much as waves rise and fall in the ocean.
Light comes in through apertures at regular intervals along the top of the vault.
Light comes in through cracks and openings in the walls and ceilings.
Light comes in through two or three sides of a room.
Light comes in through windows above the taller columns.
Light comes in waves.
Light comes in, electricity flows out.
Light comes into the portrait from an undefined source beyond the canvas.
Light comes into the world, new joy abounds, and there is a freshness and vitality of life.
Light comes on for night tip-up.
Light comes on when machine temperature is below operating level.
Light comes on when power goes off.
Light comes on.
Light comes out of magnetic poles like lights from a lighthouse.
Light comes through faith.
Light comes through the holes in moon and the building.
Light comes through the pupil.
Light comes through the truss's translucent reinforced plastic facing.
Light comes through Venus who receives a triple supply and gives one-third to the Earth.
Light comes to displace it .
Light comes up on school area.
Light comes up throough the holes in piece and also as a flood light in front of piece.
Light comes up through the holes in piece and also as a flood light in front of piece.
Light comes up.
Light coming from different places falls on different parts of the retina.
Light coming from one direction casts a shadow on the cup, giving a sense of direction.
Light coming from out of focus areas is suppressed.
Light coming from that point is refracted by the lens to become parallel or vice versa.
Light coming from the water surface is reflected by the mirrors into a lens system and an eyepiece.
Light coming through the lens , aperture and open shutter shines on the film .
Light coming through the lens, aperture and open shutter shines on the film.
Light coming to Earth from distant supernovas is recorded all the time.
Light consists of different colors that can be separated out into a spectrum.
Light consists of different colors, as seen in a rainbow.
Light consists of discrete units, or quanta, of energy known as photons.
Light consists of electromagnetic waves of a certain band of frequencies.
Light consists of electromagnetic waves.
Light consists of electromagnetic waves.
Light consists of fluctuations, or waves, of the electromagnetic field.
Light consists of individual particles of energy called photons.
Light consists of particles called photons.
Light consists of photons, which are essentially tiny packets of energy.
Light consists of so many colors.
Light consists of waves.
Light containing all visible colors is called white light, therefore, sunlight is white light.
Light contains color.
Light contains colors with different wavelengths.
Light contains different color.
Light contains energy.
Light contains radiation.
Light contains ultraviolet radiation.
Light continues through a polarizing filter .
Light contributes to the vision of form.
Light controls many plant processes.
Light controls the development of plants.
Light converges when it passes through a convex lens.
Light covers the subject evenly, allowing consistently good exposures.
Light crawls the surface, men with dogs scour rocks and shallows.
Light crawls through cold-atom cloud.
Light crazing under glaze comes with age.
Light crazing under the glaze comes with age.
Light creases on left margin edge.
Light creases to the left of title and one crease on left side barely affecting image.
Light creates a double world of shadow.
Light creates a play of shadows and reflections.
Light creates accountability.
Light creates energy.
Light creates form.
Light creates hope.
Light creates mystery, ambiguity and causing movement which makes spaces dynamic.
Light creates physical clarity and spiritual harmony.
Light creates several moods.
Light creates space, changing light is changing time.
Light curing the metal surface is optional.
Light curing the porcelain surface is optional.
Light dances off water, illuminating the figures in clear afternoon sunshine.
Light decreases from forest perimeters into the interior.
Light defines an object s color.
Light defines space - it is what architecture is all about.
Light delivers energy in little packets called photons .
Light demonstrates existence of a spectrum.
Light destroys the diazonium salt.
Light deteriorates textiles.
Light dies at some time, when the wick burns out, or the oil runs out, or the lamp cracks.
Light diffuses through it like dyes through water.
Light dilute appaloosas have a cream coat with light brownish spots.
Light diminishes exponentially over distance according to the inverse squares law.
Light disking prior to seeding followed by rolling benefits stand establishment.
Light dispels all darkness.
Light dispels darkness and exposes the traps placed by the enemy.
Light dispels darkness.
Light disrupts the normal circadian rhythms and signals the body that it's time to wake up.
Light dissolves darkness.
Light divides the picture in two diagonal parts with colorist contrasts.
Light divides the universe into two.
Light does have an absolute speed.
Light does more damage than either water or fire.
Light does nothing in a place that is bright and sunny.
Light does seem to have a fairly strong effect.
Light does the same thing.
Light does things with angles too.
Light domes over cities are now all too common place, making dark sky sites very hard to find.
Light dominates the design and focuses attention on the altar as a scene for sacred theater.
Light drives away the darkness.
Light drives the conversion.
Light drives the interconversion of two forms of phytochroms.
Light edges in around the corners and brightens the room.
Light emanates seven major rays that have varying wavelengths.
Light embraces light as it sees past the illusion of darkness.
Light emerging from such a cell appears the familiar silver-gray color.
Light emits energy.
Light emits heat energy.
Light emits more heat energy.
Light emitted by a laser, is one of the most fascinating inventions of our time.
Light emitted by an optical source is launched, or coupled, into an optical fiber for transmission.
Light emitted by fireflies is unique.
Light emitted by oxygen is seen as blue, by hydrogen as green, and by nitrogen as red.
Light emitted by the sun, by a lamp, or by a candle flame is unpolarized light.
Light emitted from the LED array electrically charges the drum one entire line at a time.
Light emitted from the object is refracted at the water and air interface.
Light emitted from the specimen is collected by the same objective lens.
Light enables one to keep the goal insight, and find one s way on the road to it.
Light enables things to grow.
Light encompasses discernment and liberty.
Light encourages growth.
Light encourages synthesis.
Light enhances color.
Light enhances coloration.
Light enhances protein synthesis.
Light enhances synthesis.
Light enters a light-tight box through a very small, lensless aperture, striking the film.
Light enters eyes.
Light enters human eyes.
Light enters materials.
Light enters one of the side faces of the pencil crystal, and exits via a vertical end face.
Light enters one of the vertical end faces and exits a side face.
Light enters one of the vertical side faces of the crystal and exits at the bottom face.
Light enters one-half of the light and is returned from the other half.
Light enters our eyes - viewing box.
Light enters regions.
Light enters the body through the eyes and skin.
Light enters the camera through a series of lenses.
Light enters the camera through the lens and is reflected upward by the mirror to the ground glass.
Light enters the chamber from a small inaccessible hole in the roof at the far end of the chamber.
Light enters the cornea and is projected onto the back of the eye after passing through the lens.
Light enters the drop at the top and bends as it enters the water.
Light enters the eye and an image is focused on the retina.
Light enters the eye and forms images.
Light enters the eye and is focused onto the retina.
Light enters the eye and is focused upon the retina, where the rods and cones are stimulated by it.
Light enters the eye and is sharply focused on the retina.
Light enters the eye through a hole called the pupil .
Light enters the eye through the clear outer dome, the cornea, and goes through the pupil.
Light enters the eye through the cornea .
Light enters the eye through the cornea.
Light enters the eye through the pupil, and the pupil is made larger or smaller by the iris.
Light enters the eye through the pupil.
Light enters the eye, and then passes through to fall on the retina.
Light enters the eyes through the cornea .
Light enters the eyes through the cornea.
Light enters the front of the eye through a hole in the choroid coat called the pupil.
Light enters the hall in a number of different ways.
Light enters the murky water then.
Light enters the objective lenses and travels via prisms to the eyepieces.
Light enters the optical fiber and is efficiently transmitted to the spectrometer.
Light enters the prism shown, and reflects off a silvered side.
Light enters the retina and from there travels directly to the pretectal area.
Light enters the sanctuary at the main level through an oculus at the base of the spire.
Light enters the spectrograph through the array of nine entrance slits shown at lower right.
Light enters the telescope passing through a correcting lens to the spherical primary mirror.
Light enters the telescope through the corrector plate.
Light enters the telescope where it is refracted using the objective lens.
Light enters the viewfinder directly to allow the photographer to frame and compose the picture.
Light enters through a central opening called the pupil .
Light enters through an abundance of skylights.
Light enters through many windows.
Light enters through the cornea, a transparent dome on the surface of the eye.
Light enters through the cornea, passes through the pupil and the lens and strikes the retina.
Light enters through the eye's covering, the cornea, and passes through the lens .
Light enters through the front of the eye called the cornea.
Light enters through the front windows and the central court.
Light enters through the pupil and goes through the lens , which focuses the image on the retina .
Light enters through the pupil and goes through the lens, which focuses the image on the retina.
Light enters through the pupil and is focused by the lens into an image on the retina.
Light enters through the transmitting fibers which are placed around the perimeter of the sensor.
Light equals safety.
Light everywhere meets light.
Light excites electrons within the zinc sulfide, causing it to emit blue-violet light.
Light excites the molecule into the cis form.
Light exercise each day can help to maintain function of limbs and decrease problem behaviors.
Light exerts a definite influence on a fish's metabolism, maturation, behaviour and colouration.
Light exhibits both particle and wave characteristics.
Light exists in tiny packets called photons.
Light expels dark-ness.
Light experiences a moving medium as an effective gravitational field.
Light experiences no time.
Light experiences red and blue shifts as a light's source moves.
Light exposes our deeds.
Light fails and vision is blurred.
Light fall off is noticeable only when used wide open.
Light fall off is noticeable, but restricted to a very small zone.
Light falling directly on the screen washes out the picture.
Light falling down onto the Earth s surface is blue-shifted since it increases in energy.
Light falling on a pixel is converted into an electrical charge signal.
Light falling on an object is somewhat like rain falling on the ground.
Light falling on each sensor represents individual picture elements or pixels.
Light falling on objects, is redirected in another direction.
Light falls can also set in gutters and downpipes and cause problems.
Light falls from the western sky.
Light falls in a gravitational field just as do material objects.
Light falls muted and gold on the silence clustered at their table.
Light falls on a three dimensional object and creates a shadow.
Light falls on the shell and makes it shine from within.
Light falls through the deep wood, Shines softly on the green moss.
Light falls through the window and is scattered by the dust particles in the air.
Light feathering on the legs is acceptable.
Light feeds and beveling of the work piece eliminate breakout.
Light feeds into a web of channels that meet at liquid-filled intersections.
Light fills space from an Early English window.
Light fills the atmosphere of earth, fills the surface of earth, fills the magma of earth.
Light fills the building through the use of balconies, interior windows and glass-block walls.
Light fills the living area through the double set of French doors with western exposure.
Light fills the living area through the sliding doors to the balcony with southern exposure.
Light fills the modern building, flooding in through big round windows and down wide hallways.
Light fills the right of the grounds.
Light fills the room.
Light fittings Portable lighting devices.
Light flak without much fighter opposition.
Light floods the airy spaces and gathers in pools on the floor.
Light floods the basement of our consciousness and nothing is hidden.
Light floods the classrooms from double-hung solid oak windows.
Light floods the cozy downstairs living and kitchen area.
Light floods the dark hovel.
Light floods the empty canyons, Life after death, white after red.
Light floods the meeting place spilling over the table and out the door.
Light floods the shadowy hallway.
Light flows in everywhere.
Light focuses behind the retina, causing blurriness, because the eye is too short.
Light fold about one inch from left hand side.
Light fold in center.
Light folds as issue.
Light folds upper edge.
Light followin g breeze now, so motor-sailing to make our date.
Light follows darkness.
Light foxing in margins and color is a bit faded, else fine.
Light frost only.
Light frosts only, and none when very young.
Light frosts only.
Light fuses out from the foggy windows.
Light generated by laser printers can cause eye injury.
Light generates a gentle heat that attracts fleas.
Light generates heat.
Light gently follows the curve of the plate and their flesh-tones suggest a gentle warmth.
Light gets bent as it goes from air to glass to air.
Light gets to the pixels after reflecting at the mirror.
Light give off energy.
Light gives any surface an extra dimension.
Light gives energy to electrons in the photographic film.
Light gives it energy to be ready to snap onto another atom.
Light gives off energy.
Light gives off heat.
Light gives plants the ability to make their own food through the process of photosynthesis.
Light glares into the lens and all the hues seem blanketed with a grayish tint.
Light glinting off the airlock window is a reflection of the mountains around Angus Bay.
Light glints off of the distant houses.
Light glows grey-white off the two steep ramps leading up out of the car park.
Light glows steady red.
Light glows within waves that roll inside a narrow chamber.
Light goes about a foot in a nanosecond.
Light goes around.
Light goes by.
Light goes forth from the altar.
Light goes from the emitter to a filter, with a narrow band going to the cells.
Light goes green.
Light goes into the owl's eyes and hits the rod cells.
Light goes off when fully charged.
Light goes off.
Light goes on.
Light goes out automatically.
Light goes right through glass.
Light goes through it and it is warm and wonderful.
Light going up or horizontally is wasted.
Light grows and produces living fruit - goodness, righteousness and truth.
Light grows thin.
Light handle sterile cover.
Light has (part) photons.
Light has (part) sections.
Light has absorption.
Light has calcium absorption.
Light has capability.
Light has color components collectively known as the spectrum.
Light has different colors because it has different energies.
Light has different wavelengths.
Light has direct effects.
Light has direction.
Light has dominion over all life.
Light has effects.
Light has energy and that energy can be converted to heat and other forms of energy.
Light has energy associated with it.
Light has energy.
Light has energy.
Light has few fundamental properties.
Light has fundamental properties.
Light has inherent capability to touch spiritual side of people.
Light has lesser effects.
Light has mass.
Light has mass.
Light has much energy.
Light has nothing to do with space.
Light has original uncut cord and cigar plug.
Light has penetration capability.
Light has positive effects.
Light has potency.
Light has properties.
Light has qualities of both waves and particles.
Light has significant effects.
Light has soften effects.
Light has wave properties.
Light has wave-like properties.
Light has waves, and the length of the wave, from crest to crest, determines the color of the light.
Light has waves.
Light has weight.
Light Have plenty of flashlights and extra batteries on hand.
Light heats water.
Light helps bacteria make important lifestyle decisions.
Light helps birth a new universe, and blessing helps birth another world, the world of our people.
Light helps bud growth.
Light helps germination.
Light helps growth.
Light helps harvest.
Light helps healthy harvest.
Light helps stimulate a child's residual vision.
Light helps weed germination.
Light hides the cold if briefly.
Light hits a surface and reflects the color of that surface.
Light hits horizons.
Light hits rhodopsin, retinal changes shape to trans, rhodopsin breaks down.
Light hits surfaces.
Light hits the disc, is reflected and measured by a photo diode.
Light hits the droplets of fog or rain and scatters.
Light hits the ice crystals and passes through their side faces.
Light hits the painting and most of the light bounces directly off the surface.
Light hitting it bends as it passes from air to water.
Light hitting that screen creates chemical reactions in nerve cells within the retina.
Light hitting the vase at flatter angles is scattered more evenly in all directions.
Light holds an undergraduate degree in music education and a master's degree in business.
Light holds the key to the next level of creativity and personal expression.
Light holds up the sky.
Light honing prior to new seal installation makes for a complete repair.
Light however is an important factor in seed germination and the growth of healthy seedlings.
Light hushes light.
Light illumines rooms of darkness.
Light includes electromagnetic waves.
Light includes many ready-made layouts and also allows the user to create and save custom layouts.
Light includes the physical, mental, emotional, social, and spiritual health.
Light includes two fonts.
Light includes waves.
Light increases effectiveness.
Light increases fading.
Light increases germination.
Light increases the rate of dissipation of hypobromite formed from the added bromine.
Light indeed overcomes the darkness, with no recourse.
Light indicates a section other than the tunnel.
Light indicates cycle in process, beeps signals completion.
Light induces oxidation and form oxides of sulfur and sulfuric acid in the presence of humidity.
Light induces responses.
Light influences development.
Light influences health because it affects the physiologic or physical functions of the body.
Light influences plants in other ways than through photosyn- thesis.
Light influences the seasonal abundance of phytoplankton and also their vertical distribution.
Light infuses life into buildings.
Light infuses the room from above through a large central skylight, which also provides ventilation.
Light insists that objects remain solid, and so very far apart.
Light involves in photosynthesis.
Light involves magnetism.
Light is a beautiful thing.
Light is a catalyst for oxidation, which leads to fading and weakening of materials.
Light is a catalyst.
Light is a combination of the colors of the rainbow.
Light is a common symbol in the Bible for truth as opposed to ignorance and error.
Light is a complicated phenomenon.
Light is a concept that seems to permeate almost every religious belief and spiritual practice.
Light is a consequence of the electromagnetic force.
Light is a constant source that is seen in everyday life.
Light is a critical limiting factor in photosynthesis.
Light is a deaf, cruel instrument.
Light is a difficult subject.
Light is a Finnish issue.
Light is a force by which all things become visible.
Light is a form of electromagnetic energy.
Light is a form of electromagnetic radiation emitted by the sun and the stars.
Light is a form of electromagnetic radiation that is visible to the human eye.
Light is a form of electromagnetic radiation that propagates as a transverse wave.
Light is a form of electromagnetic radiation.
Light is a form of electromagnetic wave.
Light is a form of energy known as electromagnetic energy, also called electromagnetic radiation.
Light is a form of energy known as electromagnetic radiation.
Light is a form of energy that arrives on Earth in little packets called photons.
Light is a form of energy that behaves like the waves in water or radio waves .
Light is a form of energy that behaves like the waves in water or radio waves.
Light is a form of energy that can be released by an atom .
Light is a form of energy that is part of a much bigger family called the electromagnetic spectrum .
Light is a form of energy that travels in waves.
Light is a form of energy to which our eyes are sensitive.
Light is a form of energy which travels in small, invisible waves.
Light is a form of energy, called radiant energy.
Light is a form of energy, so the chlorophyll is able to harvest the sunlight with little waste.
Light is a form of energy.
Light is a form of intelligence.
Light is a form of radiant energy.
Light is a form of radiation and it travels in waves.
Light is a gift and becomes our visitor in dream, in experience, and in the artistic process.
Light is a high frequency.
Light is a higher octave of the same life-force principle.
Light is a key factor in growing healthy orchids.
Light is a key ingredient in photosynthesis.
Light is a kind of energy that can travel through space.
Light is a kind of energy that moves from the sun to the Earth.
Light is a kind of energy that radiates, or travels, in waves.
Light is a kind of wave on the Electromagnetic Spectrum .
Light is a life-giving source.
Light is a limiting factor in plant growth.
Light is a little bit of a sleeper.
Light is a major benefit when carrying a lot of pieces.
Light is a major factor controlling photosynthesis.
Light is a major symbol representing spiritual growth.
Light is a mixture of particles and waves.
Light is a necessary part of the process of photosynthesis - light is crucial for plant growth.
Light is a night light bulb.
Light is a paradigm shift.
Light is a part of a continuum of radiation or energy waves.
Light is a part of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Light is a particle.
Light is a powerful substance.
Light is a powerful symbol for people of different faith traditions from all over the world.
Light is a primary factor for growth in pelagic ecosystems.
Light is a quality, a wiggle.
Light is a quantum-mechanical phenomena.
Light is a registered service mark of inter.
Light is a search engine which retrieves both Web sites and articles from magazines and newspapers.
Light is a special problem.
Light is a stimulant.
Light is a stream of energy particles, called photons.
Light is a symbol of knowledge of divine truth.
Light is a symbol of wisdom.
Light is a thing , and it travels from one point to another .
Light is a thing, made up of particles or waves.
Light is a 'tick over' level where attributes are unlikely to change.
Light is a transport of energy.
Light is a transverse Electromagnetic Wave.
Light is a transverse wave.
Light is a two-dimensional quantity.
Light is a type of electromagnetic radiation.
Light is a type of electromagnetic wave that causes a visual sensation when it strikes the retina.
Light is a type of energy called electromagnetic radiation, which travels in rhythmic waves.
Light is a type of energy known as electromagnetic radiation.
Light is a type of wave, so is sound.
Light is a very common cue used by circadian pacemakers to keep time.
Light is a very import part of keeping birds.
Light is a very interesting topic.
Light is a wave .
Light is a wave and a particle.
Light is a wave form energy.
Light is a wave of electromagnetic energy.
Light is a wave of vibrating electric and magnetic fields.
Light is a wave or a particle, it moves in a straight line, or it moves in curved space.
Light is a wave that can travel through space.
Light is a wave that is made out of patterns of electric and magnetic force.
Light is a wave that travels through the vacuum of space.
Light is a wave too, and the same thing happens when objects move by one another.
Light is a wave.
Light is a wave-train of electromagnetic radiation.
Light is able to pass through the reinforced translucent vinyl.
Light is about four times more likely to be influenced by a pavilion than a crown facet.
Light is absorbed and funneled to reaction-center chlorophyll a.
Light is absorbed and reflected by pigments .
Light is absorbed and trasnferred to reaction center chlorophylls.
Light is absorbed as it enters an opaque medium.
Light is absorbed by chlorophyll.
Light is absorbed by photosystems in the thylakoid membranes of chloroplasts.
Light is absorbed by pigment.
Light is absorbed by rhodopsin and metarhodopsin in invertebrates.
Light is absorbed by the sensory cells in the outer layers of the retina.
Light is absorbed exponentially as it passes through water.
Light is absorbed through the eyes as well as through the skin by our sensory nerve endings.
Light is absorbed when it travels through a transmitting medium.
Light is abundant thanks to the gracious side windows and light maple interior.
Light is activated by pressing button.
Light is actually a form of energy.
Light is actually a sequence of vibrations.
Light is actually energy, electromagnetic energy to be exact.
Light is added nonlinearily , to avoid burn-outs.
Light is administered via a web browser from any where in the world.
Light is affected in the same way.
Light is Affected passing through water e.g. viewing objects under water, formation of rainbows.
Light is albums.
Light is alive.
Light is all our eyes can really see.
Light is also a common thing.
Light is also a consideration when storing wine.
Light is also a form of energy.
Light is also a good attractant when used at night.
Light is also a major requirement.
Light is also a qualum.
Light is also a source of relaxation.
Light is also a symbol of hope.
Light is also an anathema to fungi.
Light is also an extremely important part of the rave's ambience.
Light is also crucial.
Light is also essential for the survival of most animal species.
Light is also important for coral reef growth.
Light is also in harmonics of two's and the bioenergy is enhanced also by harmonics of two's.
Light is also metaphor for the untiring watch over the dying.
Light is also one of our most powerful tools for probing nature.
Light is also the cause of beauty.
Light is also the emblem of knowledge.
Light is also the secret ingredient in fashion photography.
Light is also very attractive, most individuals arriving about two hours after dark.
Light is always a wave and never anything else.
Light is an electromagnetic disturbance.
Light is an electromagnetic phenomenon, just like microwave waves, X-rays or television waves.
Light is an electromagnetic wave and can travel through the vacuum of outer space.
Light is an electromagnetic wave because it is made of electric and magnetic waves.
Light is an electromagnetic wave just like radio waves.
Light is an electromagnetic wave of energy.
Light is an electromagnetic wave that is transmitted in short pulses of energy.
Light is an electro-magnetic wave, just like the signal emitted by police radar speed cameras.
Light is an electromagnetic wave, like a radio wave, only at a much higher frequency.
Light is an electromagnetic wave, with separate electric and magnetic components.
Light is an electromagnetic wave.
Light is an element.
Light is an emotional player.
Light is an energy source that behaves like a wave.
Light is an essential form of energy.
Light is an essential part of life in the ocean.
Light is an essential resource for all photoautotrophic organisms.
Light is an excellently constructed site that addresses all aspects of lighting.
Light is an existing thing, but darkness is nonexistent.
Light is an expression for distinguishing pure and defiled.
Light is an expression of thought.
Light is an image used often in Scripture.
Light is an important component of color.
Light is an important cue for release and settlement of tadpole larvae.
Light is an important environmental factor in plant propagation.
Light is an important environmental stimulus that induces conidiation in Aspergillus nidulans.
Light is an important factor in determining the makeup of aquatic populations.
Light is an oscillation of magnetic and electric fields.
Light is another essential element to keep in mind when shooting outdoors.
Light is another example of waves.
Light is another form of energy.
Light is another important contributor to success.
Light is another important part of growing nice orchids.
Light is another physical condition of the environment that is very important to all living things.
Light is applied to the photoconductor, which increases the material's conductivity.
Light is as critical to container plants as to any others.
Light is as effective as antidepressant medications, perhaps more so.
Light is as prevalent as plastic.
Light is assumed to be incident on the mirror or lens from left to right in both diagrams.
Light is at the end of the tunnel.
Light is available where nutrients are scarce, and vice versa.
Light is available, even when darkness seems overwhelming.
Light is bad for vampires.
Light is believed to have characteristics of waves and particles.
Light is bent back from the surface of an object to the eye, forming a reflection.
Light is bent by large gravitational fields.
Light is bent when it passes between substances having different densities.
Light is bent when it passes from one medium such as air, into another, such as water.
Light is better, however, at the bar than at the tables.
Light is blocked here.
Light is blue shifted.
Light is born of darkness and peace is born of war and chaos.
Light is both a wave and a particle.
Light is both spirit and matter, so that everything is really a form of light.
Light is both the medium and the message.
Light is bounced, separated into different colors, and recombined to make white light.
Light is brighter than normal and dark is darker.
Light is by candles only.
Light is by nature an asymmetric thing.
Light is calculated at crown top.
Light is called light because that is what it is.
Light is capable of travel.
Light is captured by pigments which absorb photons of certain wavelengths.
Light is captured in silver.
Light is captured in the paint layers so the layers glow.
Light is captured on an image sensor with pixels coated in red, green and blue patterns.
Light is carried to the component thanks to standard non-birefringent silica fibers.
Light is caused by accelerating electrically charged particles.
Light is caused by particles.
Light is classified into many different wavelengths or parts.
Light is clever.
Light is collected by a moving tracking and optical correction element.
Light is collected from eight tissue sites and integrated into one signal.
Light is composed of electromagnetic waves which travel independent of a medium.
Light is composed of finite 'particles' of space in motion through time.
Light is composed of infinite 'waves' of time that flow into space.
Light is composed of packets of electromagnetic energy called photons.
Light is composed of particles called photons.
Light is composed of particles that have mass, etc.
Light is composed of photons , which have no antiparticle.
Light is composed of waves that vibrate at different speeds.
Light is conditions.
Light is connected to seeing and viewing, light informs atmosphere and the meaning of spaces.
Light is considered to have only wave character.
Light is controlled by a rotary switch at bottom center.
Light is courageous as it shines forward endlessly into darkness.
Light is created and destroyed in electron transitions in the atom.
Light is created by lamps.
Light is created by movement.
Light is created by vibration of energy.
Light is critical to growth.
Light is crucial in the concept and operation of the pavilion.
Light is crucial to developing the colorful bracts that encircle the tiny poinsettia flowers.
Light is cut open and bent by the lonely sky.
Light is definitely a nutrient.
Light is definitely better.
Light is delivered by extremely flexible, multi-stranded optical fibre.
Light is dependent on the weather, the season, the time of day and geography.
Light is described both as wavelengths and photons.
Light is destructive for prints on a wall and for dust jackets as well.
Light is different color.
Light is different from darkness.
Light is different from sound.
Light is diffracted by ultrasonic waves in a liquid.
Light is dim due to the thick plankton, but there's enough light to see and navigate.
Light is dimmed by proximity to shadow-producing obstacles.
Light is directed downward towards the plants.
Light is directed from a lamp concentric with the welding torch onto the weld bead.
Light is directed from a light source away from the pool through the fibers.
Light is directed from above, usually from a fiberoptic light sources passed through the nose.
Light is directed to the different sensors by placing a beam splitter in the camera.
Light is directly related to the retailer's marketing mix.
Light is distributed throughout the galaxy.
Light is dramatical and festive.
Light is easy and heavy is hard.
Light is electrical and fiery.
Light is electromagnetic and sound is pressure.
Light is electromagnetic energy and all forms of electromagnetic energy can be converted to heat.
Light is electromagnetic energy that travels through space in straight lines.
Light is electromagnetic radiation as well, but of a higher frequency.
Light is electromagnetic radiation that comes in waves, the basic units of which are called photons.
Light is electromagnetic radiation that is in the form of a wave .
Light is electromagnetic radiation that is in the form of a wave.
Light is electromagnetic radiation with a wavelength that is visible to the eye.
Light is electromagnetic radiation within a certain portion of the electromagnetic spectrum .
Light is electromagnetic radiation, measured in wavelengths.
Light is electromagnetic radiation.
Light is electromagnetic radiation.
Light is electromagnetic waves.
Light is electromagnetic, as well.
Light is embarassingly parallel, and can be divided arbitrarily.
Light is emitted .
Light is emitted along parallel rays from an infinite distance away.
Light is emitted by a light bulb.
Light is emitted from every point on an object in all directions and travels in straight lines.
Light is emitted in the form of small packets called photons.
Light is emitted when atom relaxes to ground state from excited state.
Light is emitted when nitric oxide reacts with an oxidant.
Light is energy that moves through space and can be thought of as either waves or particles.
Light is energy traveling at myriad frequencies, playing with our eyes and hearts.
Light is energy, and in general relativity energy is affected by gravity just as is mass.
Light is energy, and it can be used in many ways.
Light is energy, of course.
Light is energy.
Light is energy.
Light is especially harmful to works on paper.
Light is essential for chlorophyll manufacture.
Light is essential for the earth, for all creation.
Light is essential to life.
Light is essential to the first stage of photosynthesis.
Light is essential to vision.
Light is eternal and darkness is fleeting.
Light is everything in photography.
Light is everything.
Light is everywhere, and all activity is visible.
Light is everywhere.
Light is expensive to measure accurately.
Light is exploited through interior mirrors, ponds, and outside fountains.
Light is explored as a possibility.
Light is fed to the scene through optical fibers in the endoscope.
Light is fickle.
Light is filtered, as is the air.
Light is fixed in place.
Light is focused by reflections from a large primary mirror and a smaller secondary mirror.
Light is focused into it, using a standard aspheric lens.
Light is focused while passing through the cornea so sight can occur.
Light is focused while passing through the cornea.
Light is focused, or refracted, by the cornea, the clear front window of the eye.
Light is focussed on the retina.
Light is frequently a symbol of eternal hope and assured victory.
Light is friends.
Light is from solar powered lights.
Light is fundamental in architecture.
Light is fundamental to vision - perhaps the most important of all our senses.
Light is fundamental.
Light is gathered on screen of a CCD and transferred to a digital memory in the camera.
Light is generally goodness, calm, life and warmth.
Light is generated by a xenon lamp in the emitter and projected to the receiver.
Light is generated by a xenon lamp in the emitter and reflected back to the receiver via mirrors.
Light is generated using devices such as the light emitting diode and the laser.
Light is given by sunlight energy.
Light is given off as the result of atoms within a substance being given energy.
Light is good and redemption, while darkness is regarded as bad and misfortune.
Light is good because it brings birth.
Light is good because it brings life and blessing.
Light is good in whatsoever lamp it is burning.
Light is good.
Light is harmful to milk.
Light is here.
Light is ideal for system integration projects and data warehousing applications.
Light Is Ideal for underlining any fabric of fusing to textured fabrics.
Light is ignored, camera shifts are ignored, shadows are ignored, only shapes are of importance.
Light is illumination.
Light is imaged onto the retina by the lens.
Light is imagined as dispelling the darkness of ignorance.
Light is immortal essential.
Light is important because certain plants require more of it than others do.
Light is important because it helps maintain healthy green leaves.
Light is important for another reason.
Light is important for clam growth and only mild water cloudiness can be tolerated.
Light is important for good vision.
Light is important for the plant to grow and produce new leaves and roots.
Light is important for the tiny seed to grow.
Light is important in other ways as well.
Light is important to all living things.
Light is important to life and is a component in many life processes.
Light is important to observe the patient's condition.
Light is important.
Light is in conflict with the atmosphere while fog and cloud shadow a brilliant sheen of snow.
Light is in motion.
Light is in the ascendant.
Light is in.
Light is incident from above.
Light is incident normally on a crystalline plane-parallel plate of thickness d .
Light is incident on a plane mirror.
Light is incident on the cathode.
Light is incredibly generous, but also gentle.
Light is indeed a powerful cue that can reset the body's circadian rhythm and tell it to wake up.
Light is indispensable for the proper functioning of the eye.
Light is influenced by the doppler effect.
Light is information, energy and love.
Light is information.
Light is inhibitory to oospore formation but stimulatory to oospore germination.
Light is inside it, far inside, blinding light.
Light is insight.
Light is intelligience, wisdom, truth.
Light is intensified and objects are illuminated.
Light is introduced into one end of the fiber.
Light is invisiable untill it strikes matter.
Light is invisible.
Light is just a quick touch away.
Light is just a small portion of the electromagnetic energy spectrum.
Light is just like radio waves in the way that it can also carry information.
Light is just one portion of the various electromagnetic waves flying through space.
Light is key to making a great photograph.
Light is knowledge.
Light is launched in the upper left port of the device, and split equally by the coupler.
Light is less dependent upon material form than any other natural manifestation.
Light is less harsh, warmer and more angular.
Light is less than a month old.
Light is Life and darkness is Ignorance.
Light is life and more light means more life .
Light is life, when darkness is death and life is heaven, as darkness is hell.
Light is life.
Light Is Life.
Light is light, darkness is darkness.
Light is light, it just needs to reach the bird.
Light is light.
Light is like salt because salt consumes itself, just as a candle burns itself down.
Light is like that.
Light IS like the action of the thought.
Light is likely the ideal carrier of quantum information.
Light is living stuff.
Light is living, darkness is dead.
Light is located in attics.
Light is located in buildings.
Light is located in carnivals.
Light is located in closets.
Light is located in concerts.
Light is located in desks.
Light is located in fridges.
Light is located in oceans.
Light is located in planes.
Light is located in porchs.
Light is located in universes.
Light is located on a rocky breakwater.
Light is Love.
Light is made by accelerating charges.
Light is made by wiggling electric charges.
Light is made of discrete packets of energy called photons.
Light is made of energy.
Light is made of little bits called photons.
Light is made of many small pieces, called particles.
Light is made of particles called photons.
Light is made of photons .
Light is made of photons.
Light is made of photons.
Light is made of waves like the waves in the ocean.
Light is made of waves of different frequencies.
Light is made up of all the colours of the rainbow.
Light is made up of distinct parts but is one in essence, as our planet is as well.
Light is made up of electric fields and magnetic fields, hence called Electromagnetic waves.
Light is made up of electromagnetic waves.
Light is made up of energy waves which are grouped together in what is called a spectrum.
Light is made up of little bits of energy.
Light is made up of little packets of energy called photons.
Light is made up of many different wavelengths.
Light is made up of particles called photons.
Light is made up of photons.
Light is made up of tiny little particles called photons.
Light is made up of waves called electromagnetic waves, but they are all invisible to our eyes.
Light is made up of waves of different sizes.
Light is made up of waves of entwined electricity and magnetism.
Light is made with low-fat whipping cream.
Light is meaningful only in relation to darkness, and truth presupposes error.
Light is meant to be visible.
Light is measurable with nanoseconds or billions of seconds.
Light is measured in Angstroms.
Light is measured in lumens, which are marked on each package.
Light is measured in units called foot candles.
Light is mentioned almost twenty times in the course of today's liturgy.
Light is merely the mans to the end.
Light is modulated and transmitted over high purity, hair-thin fibers of glass.
Light is more fundamental than space-time.
Light is more fundamental than time and space.
Light is more fundamental, and it is everywhere.
Light is more powerful than darkness because one ray of light penetrates the dark.
Light is most necessary in order for photosynthesis to take place.
Light is mostly present.
Light is movement, vibration, heat, fellowship, communion, revelation, is itself life.
Light is much more complicated than anyone at the time thought.
Light is music, and music washes away from the soul the dust of every-day life.
Light is natural, dark is natural.
Light is necessary for germination.
Light is necessary for good germination.
Light is necessary for life.
Light is necessary for photosynthesis, a process that produces oxygen.
Light is necessary for seed germination.
Light is necessary for seeing.
Light is necessary for survival.
Light is necessary for the electrons to be boosted from the pigments.
Light is necessary for the formation of anthocyanins.
Light is necessary so that matter can manifest itself and be visible.
Light is necessary to encourage bud formation for both flowers and foliage.
Light is necessary to life.
Light is necessary to sustain virtually every form of life on the planet.
Light is needed by a plant for using nutrients and manufacturing food.
Light is needed for crab-grass seed to germination.
Light is needed in a spiritual sense in order to see the effects and dissolve mystery.
Light is needed in order to see things.
Light is needed in order to stimulate sight.
Light is needed to match and co-ordinate colour, and ventilation to get rid of unwanted fumes etc.
Light is neither particles nor waves in the classical sense of the terms.
Light is no stranger to pass-blocking.
Light is nonionizing over many wavelengths and is known to function well as a medical probe.
Light is now a widely used therapy for sad and milder forms of depression.
Light is now a widely used therapy for sad therapy and milder forms of depression.
Light is nuclear energy.
Light is odd in some ways.
Light is of no use when the soul itself destroys it and prefers to stay in constant darkness.
Light is of one wavelength and comes from one source that gives a consistent phase.
Light is of particular interest in the forest.
Light is off when desactivated.
Light is often a factor limiting the growth of orchids.
Light is okay.
Light is on the windows.
Light is on, and handwheel can be turned easily by hand.
Light is on, but nobody's home.
Light is one form of electromagnetic energy.
Light is one form of radiation.
Light is one of our body's most powerful time cues.
Light is one of the biggest factors in choosing a colour.
Light is one of the body's most powerful time cues.
Light is one of the deadliest enemies of paintings, prints and photographs.
Light is one of the factors that controls where organisms are found in the ocean.
Light is one of the human body's vital elements beside air, water and food.
Light is one of the keys to good garden photography.
Light is one of the main factors influencing establishment and development of many forest species.
Light is one of the most important environmental cues for plant development.
Light is one of the most important external signals.
Light is one of the most important factors affecting the structure, growth, and behavior of plants.
Light is one of the most important investigative tools for science.
Light is one of the most important signals providing critical information to biological systems.
Light is one of the rate limiting factors for photosynthesis.
Light is one small part of the spectrum.
Light is one the most important dynamics for life.
Light is one type of electro-magnetic wave.
Light is only one type of electromagnetic waves.
Light is Order.
Light is our primary means of sensing our surroundings.
Light is part of electromagnetism.
Light is part of many of our spiritual traditions.
Light is part of the electromagnetic spectrum, which ranges from radio waves to gamma rays.
Light is part of the subtle energy body of each person, flowing in the chakra and meridian systems.
Light is particles.
Light is particulate, light is also wavy.
Light is passed from a small source onto an opaque screen with two thin slits.
Light is perhaps the most profound truth in the universe.
Light is philosophical about the continuing ability of teen divas and boy bands to top the charts.
Light is photons.
Light is polarized by reflection.
Light is positions.
Light is possibly the single most important factor in dew production.
Light is potentially the most damaging element affecting antique art.
Light is powerful and all encompassing.
Light is powerful.
Light is precious in the fall season.
Light is precious, and excess heat is hard to remove.
Light is pretty cool.
Light is prevented from reaching the retina and vision is impeded.
Light is probably one of the most important things to consider.
Light is probably the most essential factor for house plant growth.
Light is probably the most illusive topic in all of research activities in the history of mankind.
Light is probably the most important factor to consider when selecting a plant for interior use.
Light is probably the single most important factor affecting bay grass growth.
Light is produced as a result of a chemical reaction.
Light is produced by bulbs.
Light is produced by one of two methods.
Light is produced by oxidation of luciferin which is catalysed by the enzyme luciferase.
Light is produced by passing electric current through a thin wire filament, usually a tungsten.
Light is produced by passing electric current through a thin wire filament, usually of tungsten.
Light is produced the same way as other fluorescent lamps.
Light is produced when an electric current passes through the mercury vapor.
Light is produced when plankton organisms are disturbed with no correlation to weather or sea state.
Light is projected downward around the base of the fixture in a soft ring.
Light is projected into a beam by a precision acrylic lens.
Light is projected into the condenser lens by means of a plano-concave mirror.
Light is projected onto the screen as the audience waits for the movie to begin.
Light is projected through the glass while the bottom surface is heated.
Light is provided by kerosene lamp.
Light is provided by kerosene lamps, and the large brick fireplace is the only source of heat.
Light is provided by kerosene lanterns and candles.
Light is provided by numerous kerosene lamps and candles.
Light is provided by some spherical fruit which bear the name of lamps.
Light is provided by torches and heat by massive fireplaces.
Light is pure and honest and good.
Light is quick to set up and easy to learn.
Light is radiant energy - energy travelling through space.
Light is radiation
Light is real.
Light is recorded by a CCD mosaic operated in time-delayed integration mode.
Light is reduced at the soil surface and the soil becomes better able to retain water.
Light is reestablished when the narrator gains distance from the school campus.
Light is reflected and refracted differently through clear plastic than other materials.
Light is reflected at the same angle that it strikes the mirror.
Light is reflected back to the sensor by the surface of the fluid.
Light is reflected by the earth and from the moon's own pale surface.
Light is reflected by the mirror plate and passes down the sample beam path.
Light is reflected by the surface of the crystals and makes snow appear white.
Light is reflected down, avoiding glare on the computer screen. . .
Light is reflected from a flexible covering into other fibers leading to detectors.
Light is reflected from all points on a mirror , as shown in the diagram that follows.
Light is reflected from facet to facet and allows more fire or sparkle.
Light is reflected from outside objects through the hole.
Light is reflected from the Earth to the Moon and back to the Earth as earthshine.
Light is reflected from white areas of the paper and strikes the drum below.
Light is reflected in a single direction.
Light is reflected in all directions from particles in colloids.
Light is reflected into a series of small parabolic troughs.
Light is reflected off of a piece of paper.
Light is reflected off of the surface of a windshield at a low angle.
Light is reflected off the mirror at exactly the same angle as it hits the mirror.
Light is reflected off the surface and scattered by particles within the water.
Light is reflected off the top and bottom layers of the oil film and a rainbow effect appears.
Light is reflected refracted or absorbed.
Light is reflected when it falls onto a shiny surface.
Light is reflected.
Light is refracted by passing through a lens, water, or the atmosphere.
Light is refracted through the Earth's atmosphere into the cone of darkness.
Light is refracted when it crosses the interface from air into glass in which it moves more slowly.
Light is required because propanil blocks photosynthesis.
Light is required for germination.
Light is required for photosynthesis, but too much light can be harmful to algae and plants.
Light is required for seed germination.
Light is right, or at least lighter is better.
Light is risen to the just, and joy to the right of heart.
Light is risen to the righteous, and gladness to the upright in heart.
Light is said to be an limiting factor.
Light is said to be energy and fame and has an upward motion.
Light is said to be unpolarized if the direction of the electric field changes rapidly and randomly.
Light is scattered by the air at sunset, casting beautiful reds and oranges on the clouds.
Light is scattered, causing blurred, hazy vision.
Light is scenes.
Light is security, safety.
Light is seen by the eyes and touch through the wind element.
Light is seen emanating from the tip in the image shown below.
Light is sent down the fiber-optic cable and through the optrode.
Light is sent to it by set of moveable mirrors computerized to follow the sun during the day.
Light is sent to the whole earth.
Light is shed also upon a number of incidents of interest in state and local history.
Light is shed on morning-after pill.
Light is shed upon the righteous and joy on the upright in heart.
Light is shed, and under that light things thrive.
Light is shined through a slit on to a screen as shown in the figure below.
Light is shined through the probe onto the patient's epithelial tissue.
Light is shone through the ganglion, and the amount of light that passes through is recorded.
Light is simply electromagnetic waves of a certain range of frequencies.
Light is simply the one form of radiation our eyes can see.
Light is simultaneously a wave and a particle.
Light is slowed down in transparent media such as air, water and glass.
Light is so sickening at night unless it's from a flame.
Light is something always noticed in darkness.
Light is something which travels very quickly.
Light is something, darkness is nothing.
Light is somewhere else.
Light is sown for the .
Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart.
Light is sown for the righteous, that is, gladness for the upright in heart.
Light is sparse.
Light is splattered everywhere.
Light is sprayed everywhere, with very little optical control.
Light is still our problems coupled with bad roads.
Light is strong enough to candle the largest hookbill eggs but produces no heat.
Light is stronger than darkness.
Light is subtle in effect, fast moving and penetrates deeply into all the cells of the body.
Light is subtracted from each other to create a specific color.
Light is such interior knowledge.
Light is sweet, and it is pleasant for the eyes to see the sun.
Light is symbol of the real composure.
Light is symbolic in different ways and in different countries and religions.
Light is symbolic of knowledge, goodness, and purity.
Light is symbolic of Torah.
Light is synonymous with creativity.
Light is technically a form of electromagnetic energy.
Light is that by which things become known.
Light is that entity which, permits vision with the help of eye.
Light is that illuminates the film and is projected on a white screen.
Light is that part of the electromagnetic spectrum that our eyes can detect.
Light is that part of the spectrum of electromagnetic radiation that the human eye can see.
Light is that superterrestrial, natural force under which all life on Earth originates and develops.
Light IS the act, or energy, of creation.
Light is the artist's sole medium of expression.
Light is the beginning of time and the end of the end.
Light is the building block of matter.
Light is the burden that they bear.
Light is the cause of darkness, and movement is the cause of stillness.
Light is the commentator, communicating between the artist and the viewer.
Light is the constant in our physical world.
Light is the controlling factor.
Light is the core concept of spirituality.
Light is the criminal's number one enemy.
Light is the energy supply for photosynthesis.
Light is the energy that allows the balance to be created equally.
Light is the entity.
Light is the essence of photography.
Light is the evidence of motion, the trace of gesture.
Light is the existence for life.
Light is the fastest thing in the universe.
Light is the fastest thing possible.
Light is the fastest thing there is, and nothing else travels as fast as light.
Light is the force that enables the interaction of time with space.
Light is the form.
Light is the future.
Light is the genius of the fire process.
Light is the key element in photography.
Light is the key to photography.
Light is the life of death.
Light is the limiting factor in growing traditional indoor vegetables in the window.
Light is the magic that makes a photograph happen.
Light is the main focus of the story.
Light is the main source of energy for organisms.
Light is the main subject and domestic objects on a rather large scale.
Light is the manifestation of thee.
Light is the medium of life and a powerful yet gentle agent for healing.
Light is the medium through which all things spin and swim.
Light is the most ancient object of all things created.
Light is the most convenient form of energy to make molecular devices work.
Light is the most effective signal .
Light is the most effective signal.
Light is the most important architectural element.
Light is the most important factor affecting seagrass.
Light is the most important ingredent in any illumination model.
Light is the most limiting factor in orchid culture.
Light is the most obvious form of radiation arriving at earth.
Light is the movement of energy through space in the form of electromagnetic waves.
Light is the only constant, and the only unchangeable thing . . .
Light is the oscillations in the electric field.
Light is the other side of darkness.
Light is the part of the spectrum that stimulates the eye's retina, resulting in sight.
Light is the poetic theme indoors, but so is a delicious sense of play.
Light is the predominant symbol in the expression of the Christian faith.
Light is the presence of energy.
Light is the primary cue, but feeding and social interaction also play a part.
Light is the primary fact of our existence.
Light is the primary resource for which plants compete, followed by water and nutrients.
Light is the primary resource of a photographer.
Light is the primary source of energy to almost all ecosystems.
Light is the primary synchronizer of circadian rhythms.
Light is the principle way to combat error.
Light is the range of the electromagnetic spectrum that stimulates the retina and enables sight.
Light is the same for every photographer.
Light is the source of all power.
Light is the source of color.
Light is the source of energy.
Light is the source of everything.
Light is the source of photographic descriptions.
Light is the subject.
Light is the substance of the day, and the absence of it causes night.
Light is the subtlest of all material substances.
Light is the symbol of Israel's mission.
Light is the symbol of knowledge, of wisdom, of learning.
Light is the symbol of life, happiness and beauty .
Light is the symbol of the divine in humanity.
Light is the symbol of truth.
Light is the ultimate factor that is going to influence growth.
Light is the universal energy with which our minds create.
Light is the very best transparent lens protection second to none.
Light is the visible form of electromagnetic energy.
Light is the visible part of a very long electromagnetic wave spectrum.
Light is the visible part of a very wide spectrum of energy.
Light is the visible spectrum portion of electromagnetic waves.
Light is the warp and weft of our webs.
Light is the zeitgeber.
Light is therefore a very important factor in determining the true color of rubies.
Light is thine, O man, for the taking.
Light is thought to consist of an infinite number of oscillating electrical and magnetic planes.
Light is thus the energy by which coarser matter is changed to finer.
Light is to all more pleasing than darkness, and summer more agreeable than winter.
Light is to be preserved above all else.
Light is to illuminate, to bring things clear, into vision.
Light is transitory, and the wind is rising violently.
Light is transmitted along a continuous run of fibre with only a slight discontinuity at the splice.
Light is transmitted through a windshield.
Light is transmitted through the image onto the pickup.
Light is transmitted through the scope and a picture appears on a screen much like a television.
Light is transmitted through transparent medium such as glass.
Light is transported in descrete bundles called photons .
Light is trapped by a special pigment in the leaves.
Light is travelling, say in air, in a straight line when it hits a different medium, say a mirror.
Light is tremendously faster.
Light is unacceptable except in reference to shade of fabric forming the bond.
Light is unique in that it behaves like both a particle and a wave.
Light is unique.
Light is unworldly, gravity is reversed.
Light is upon the Earth.
Light is used as a carrier of information or energy.
Light is used as disseminators of energy.
Light is used as energy for making food, a process called photosynthesis.
Light is used by plants both for photosynthesis and as a developmental cue.
Light is used by plants.
Light is used for illumination.
Light is used for light.
Light is used for reading.
Light is used for sight.
Light is used to communicate in the movies.
Light is used to create an electrochemical gradient of protons.
Light is used to create rapturous moments as Adams deftly orchestrates majestic scenes and visions.
Light is used to emphasize the environmental values of Helsinki nature, sea, and architecture .
Light is used to etch patterns on silicon chips.
Light is used to improve human health, a field of medicine known as photomedicine.
Light is used to make the clues observable.
Light is used to replace the shadow-edge of a gnomon.
Light is useful in detection schemes and in signaling a change of state.
Light is usually drastically lower in quality and quantity.
Light is usually the biggest factor for success.
Light is usually the limiting factor from dusk until dawn.
Light is utterly distinct from darkness.
Light is very attractive, with large numbers often arriving over a short period.
Light is very different.
Light is very important to astronomers.
Light is vibration, and through the measurement of vibration is fixed the grading of the scholars.
Light is visual signals.
Light is vital for the survival of the life force.
Light is vital to our well-being.
Light is waves.
Light is way off shore .
Light is weak and local.
Light is what brings our world to life.
Light is what enfolds all the universe as well.
Light is what photography is all about and it is the purpose of the camera.
Light is what transforms the food into energy they use to metabolize.
Light is what's left, alleging to have forgotten nothing.
Light is wisdom.
Light is, of course, enlightenment, wisdom, instinct, intuition and revelation.
Light isa radiation.
Light just passes right through it.
Light keeps rabbit from getting bored and depressed.
Light keeps track of C and has utilities to perform conversions.
Light knows the history of ideas about management reform.
Light lang yung romance.
Light lasts as long as it takes to get there.
Light layering with the color pencil is what gives the illusion of depth and life to a drawing.
Light leads to revelation.
Light leaking through closed blinds in a dark room can create images of the sun on opposite walls.
Light leaks through gorgeous stained glass, and the silence crackles with reverence.
Light leaks through the image during exposure.
Light leaks through the remaining holes.
Light leaves a diamond and enters water.
Light leaves marks of beauty.
Light leaves the flash tube in every direction.
Light leaves the source and travels to the first half-silvered mirror.
Light leaves the surface of a star or planet, travels a great distance, and finally enters our eyes.
Light lie the ashes of our pride.
Light lifts out for convenient hand-held use.
Light looks down on shadow with forbearance, perhaps pity.
Light loses energy as it passes the gravitational fields of stars.
Light loves light.
Light lunches with traditional themes are available to smaller groups when prearranged.
Light lures that have a soft, subtle presentation are absolutely necessary.
Light maintains the balance.
Light maintains transactional integrity across multiple data sources.
Light maintains transactional integrity across multiple databases.
Light makes a double pass through the interferometer in the white light velocimeter.
Light makes a room seem bright and cheery.
Light makes a sacrifice of me- a burnt offering.
Light makes everything bright and clear.
Light makes fire.
Light makes it all possible.
Light makes it easier to see people and things.
Light makes life possible.
Light makes plants grow tall.
Light makes prosperity.
Light makes right.
Light makes shadow and the shadow makes 'depth' in a scene.
Light makes shadows.
Light makes the little vanes spin.
Light makes the same trip in eight minutes.
Light makes the work visible.
Light makes up a relatively small part of the spectrum.
Light makes up a relatively small portion of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Light makes whole.
Light means half the fat or one-third the calories.
Light means life.
Light microscope Two important concepts in microscopy are magnification and resolving power.
Light microscope with hot stage, tensile tester, video and evaluation system.
Light moves away from an object in all directions.
Light moves faster than anything else in the universe.
Light moves into the eye through the pupil , a hole that is made smaller or larger by the iris .
Light moves more slowly through a transparent material medium than through a vacuum.
Light moves out from the source as a wave.
Light moves slower in glass.
Light mulching to help plants to retain their moisture during dry weather is advisable.
Light nabs a triple.
Light naturally acts as an important factor in animal distribution directly.
Light needs darkness and darkness needs light.
Light never knows darkness.
Light never leaves the fiber, so there's nothing to align.
Light normally bounces around in all directions, much like someone shaking a rope.
Light normally travels twenty million times faster than that.
Light now breaks through and dispells the clouds.
Light now floods the entire stage and the single spotlight is lost in a sea of movement.
Light now shines from above.
Light oak panelling and full carpeting provide a tasteful finish and lively acoustics.
Light oak with clear, slanted globe for authographed baseballs with a stand up card holder.
Light oak with clear, slanted globe for authographed baseballs.
Light occurs when an electron beam stimulates a phosphor.
Light offers another example as it is by definition, a wave-particle duality.
Light offers that fulfillment which people seek mistakenly in dark materialism.
Light offers two possible explanations.
Light offset toning.
Light only enters through cracks in the roof.
Light only escapes the core where what is essentially volcanic activity under the water occurs.
Light only needs a witness to a blind person.
Light only penetrates the upper hundred, sometimes even only the upper ten meters of the water.
Light only pretends to obey the laws of physics.
Light only reflects from a mirror, so the glass can have internal imperfections.
Light opens up to reveal a lovely small study in tan.
Light oscillates back and forth between the mirrors and continually increases in intensity.
Light overcomes darkness and night becomes like day.
Light overcomes darkness.
Light overcomes the darkness.
Light passes everywhere.
Light passes first through the cornea , pupil , lens and then focuses on the retina .
Light passes from top to bottom, through the retina to the rods and cones.
Light passes most optimally through a diamond that has no inclusions.
Light passes readily through the fluid.
Light passes through a block of glass with parallel sides.
Light passes through a mask of the chip design and is projected on to the silicon wafer.
Light passes through a mask of the chip design and is projected onto the silicon wafer.
Light passes through a narrow slit, through the film onto a photoelectric tube.
Light passes through a right angle prism until the interface between the metal and prism is reached.
Light passes through a thin film and is projected on a screen.
Light passes through a tiny hole and an image is formed in the camera.
Light passes through a vacuum freely, without obstruction or change.
Light passes through a wide angle interferometer which imprints fringes.
Light passes through air.
Light passes through corneas.
Light passes through dusty air.
Light passes through easily and letters or numbers can be easily read.
Light passes through glass.
Light passes through it without being absorbed as much as when it was colder.
Light passes through layers j-c before the light signal is sensed by the rods and cones in layer b.
Light passes through layers.
Light passes through paint as shown in the diagram below.
Light passes through retinas.
Light passes through several lens systems that magnify and resolve the object being observed.
Light passes through some things, like glass and air and water, and most of it goes through.
Light passes through structures.
Light passes through substances.
Light passes through the camera lens and hits a mirror.
Light passes through the collimator and is focused on a refracting or diffracting material.
Light passes through the cornea and into the pupil behind it.
Light passes through the cornea and is reflected on the receptor cells of the retina.
Light passes through the cornea and then through a hole, called the pupil.
Light passes through the cornea, pupil and lens before hitting the retina.
Light passes through the cornea, pupil, and retina before hitting the lens.
Light passes through the droplet before entering the photosensitive outer segment.
Light passes through the eye and focuses onto the retina.
Light passes through the gap or slit between the two shutter curtains to expose the film.
Light passes through the glass into the greenhouse and heats things up inside the greenhouse.
Light passes through the hole and an image is formed on the back wall of the camera.
Light passes through the holes without being diminished by the lens material.
Light passes through the image forming display panel and is then projected onto a screen.
Light passes through the lens of the eye and is focused on the retina.
Light passes through the lens, and the light is bent to a common point, or focus.
Light passes through the negative and exposes the paper in the easel.
Light passes through the open end of the tube, travels down, and strikes the objective mirror.
Light passes through the opening in the iris called the pupil .
Light passes through the pupil into the eye.
Light passes through the retina when it enters our eyes.
Light passes through the vacuum of space.
Light passes when two polarizing filters are arranged with polarizing axes as shown above, left.
Light passing from one air parcel to another is refracted.
Light passing through a lens takes advantage of the varying speed through the medium.
Light passing through a prism is refracted or divided into the colors of the spectrum.
Light passing through a very small pinhole spreads out on the other side.
Light passing through the atmosphere is refracted into the shadow and illuminates the moon.
Light passing through the ice makes the caves blue.
Light passing through the image pinhole is detected by a photodetector.
Light passing through the object is affected by attenuation and refraction properties.
Light passing through the specimen is refracted with an objective lens and an ocular lens .
Light passing through the specimen is refracted with an objective lens and an ocular lens.
Light passing through the stamp is modulated in the near-field.
Light penetrates atmospheres.
Light penetrates certain targets, so that one prime use is to assess tree canopy conditions.
Light penetrates deep into the clear water, reflecting a cool blue color.
Light penetrates layers.
Light penetrates only to the mesopelagic zone.
Light penetrates ozone layers.
Light penetrates seawater.
Light penetrates shallow water.
Light penetrates water.
Light pick up but still with power.
Light pick up but with plenty of power.
Light play in barrel.
Light playing off the facets of gemstones can work wonders for sales.
Light playing on the nap as it falls in different directions creates a rich fabric.
Light plays a critical role in walleye fishing.
Light plays a greater role in operational conditions here as compared to the south side.
Light plays against the flow.
Light plays an even more important role for birds than for humans in metabolic control.
Light plays an extremely important role in the operation of a compound microscope.
Light plays an extremely important role in the production of plant material.
Light plays an important role in retention of leaves on the plant.
Light plays an important role in the life of all organism.
Light plays an important role in the spiritual life of a Kabbalist.
Light plays delicately over mountaintops and creatures of the earth.
Light plays in the landscape of time.
Light plays off the colors with an energy that only comes from nature.
Light plays on the fibres and reflects back.
Light plays on the planks of a long lean-to at the right.
Light possesses angular momentum which is independent of polarisation.
Light pouring into the chapel once again illuminates the stories told in the glass.
Light pours gold through the mist lying on the field before the town.
Light pours through all the windows.
Light presents a serious exploration tool of great value to educators and students.
Light probably helps serotonin synthesis.
Light produced by nuclear fusion in the core travels out in the shell called the radiative zone.
Light produces charges that accumulate in the sensing array.
Light produces different effects at different frequencies.
Light produces enough heat.
Light produces every kind of goodness and justice and truth.
Light produces growth.
Light produces heat.
Light produces leafy growth.
Light produces leaves.
Light produces leggy growth.
Light produces life, growth and beauty, while darkness brings decay and ruin.
Light promotes synthesis.
Light propagates itself, dispels darkness.
Light protects all data transmissions with an advanced tamper-detecting security protocol.
Light provided by the moon can create unique and even eerie images.
Light provides energy for photosynthesis , which produces the primary food source for the river.
Light provides energy.
Light provides heat.
Light provides sufficient energy.
Light provides sufficient heat.
Light provides the energy source necessary for plants to manufacture food.
Light provides the energy source needed for plants to manufacture food.
Light provides the energy source that plants use to manufacture food.
Light provides the energy to excite electrons.
Light provides the power to turn the wheel.
Light provides the source of energy for both processes.
Light provides warmth, and, as fire, it both destroys and cleanses.
Light pruning immediately after flowering helps promote compact growth and more flowers.
Light pruning to remove any dead bits and neaten it up is all that's needed.
Light pulses off their bodies, a submerged flashing silver strobe.
Light puts the brakes on production.
Light radiates out in all directions.
Light reaches all objects from all directions at the same speed, regardless of their motion.
Light reaches depth.
Light reaches earth.
Light reaches floors.
Light reaches forest floors.
Light reaches surfaces.
Light reaches the brain through the eye and helps to control our internal clock.
Light reaches woodland floors.
Light receives all the praise.
Light recharges it.
Light recommends deploying sound-absorbent curtains to act as noise absorbers.
Light recommends using a commercial real estate broker or real estate attorney.
Light refers to fun and spontaneity, but it also suggests clarity, illumination, and brilliance.
Light reflected by carotinoid pigments appears yellow or yellow-orange to our eyes.
Light reflected by the retina stimulates the pineal gland.
Light reflecting down the channels forms a cross shaped image.
Light reflecting off lens surfaces diminishes light transmission and image quality.
Light reflecting on the patterns gives the impression of three-dimensional motion.
Light reflecting on the patterns present on the aluminum is suggestive of energy.
Light reflects back from the work piece and enters a lensing system in the weld torch housing.
Light reflects better against two walls than in the centre of the room.
Light reflects from a mirror at the same angle as it arrives.
Light reflects from surrounding trees or rocks, making even indirect light a source of danger.
Light reflects from the bottom and sides of the tank.
Light reflects from the first and second layer of soap film.
Light reflects from the front and from the back of the soap film.
Light reflects from the moving mirror and onto the white scale allowing measurements to be made.
Light reflects from the object and also exposes the plate.
Light reflects from the scene being photographed and strikes the lens of the camera.
Light reflects from the top surface of the layer of nail polish and from the bottom surface too.
Light reflects making equal angles.
Light reflects off air molecules and lights up the dark sides of objects.
Light reflects off an object's surface back to the receiver.
Light reflects off each point of an object and travels out in all directions.
Light reflects off numerous microsopic grooves and interferes.
Light reflects off of lighter colors better, as white is a composition of the visible spectrum.
Light reflects off of the metal for a dramatic sparkle effect.
Light reflects off of the mirror and illuminates a patch on the wall.
Light reflects off of the polished metal.
Light reflects off of their surfaces, which seriously effects the clarity and brilliance of the gem.
Light reflects off the nose, the cargo bay doors, and the rockets.
Light reflects off the projection display panel and is then projected onto a screen.
Light reflects off the red rose, the blue iris, the white daisy, and the green leaves.
Light reflects off the sides and fogs the image, thereby greatly reducing contrast.
Light reflects on water the way emotions wash over the heart.
Light reflects the same way off a mirror.
Light refuse wood, used as fuel.
Light remains of pocket at rear.
Light remains optimistic.
Light replaces darkness.
Light represents a fresh commitment to studying the wisdom of the Torah.
Light represents electromagnetic waves of a certain wave length.
Light represents intelligence, and darkness represents undeveloped capacity.
Light represents knowledge and understanding.
Light represents truth, knowledge and holiness.
Light requires delivery system.
Light requires for photosynthesis.
Light resets the body's rhythms or biological clock in a more powerful way than melatonin.
Light returning from the specimen then passes through a pinhole aperture called a spatial filter.
Light reveals darkness.
Light reveals details and often contributes to the mood or feeling of the work.
Light reveals the character, color and texture of landscapes and buildings.
Light reveals the true nature of things.
Light reveals truth.
Light reveals what lies hidden in darkness.
Light ripples the sapphire bay.
Light rises and falls, drifts and wanders, cascades and sparkles.
Light rises from the darkness, bringing forth life from the dark earth.
Light rubs at spine ends, corners.
Light rubs to gatefold cover.
Light ruby in color, the wine offers hints of celery on the nose.
Light ruby red with purple tints.
Light rushes on and color fades, And it is gone, Just the way it came . . .
Light saturate at lower levels.
Light scattered by the suspended material is detected by a photocell.
Light scattered from within the eye back to the instrument is picked up by a second optical fiber.
Light scattered or lost from the sample has the net effect of making the absorbance appear greater.
Light scatters darkness and life banishes death.
Light scatters off any perturbation on the surface of the waveguide.
Light scratches on glass tabletops and mirrors .
Light scratches on one side, no dents, no rust.
Light scuff on right hand.
Light seasoning used make the food tastier and entice to everyone palate.
Light seeks light.
Light seems to influence our appetite, sex drive, and temperature.
Light seems to permeate every place, and darkness begins to fade.
Light seems to propagate like a wave and exchange energy like a particle.
Light seems to scan area for about a minute.
Light seems to travel in rays or beams.
Light seeps through every surface.
Light selects the correct page setup accurately showing the unprintable area.
Light sends messages to the brain and balances out circadian rhythm.
Light serves as a cleaning aide.
Light serves to generate reducing power that is used to fix carbon dioxide.
Light severely curtails the production of melatonin.
Light shed on brave new world of nanotech.
Light shelfwear maybe.
Light shine forevermore.
Light shine through from text on verso, only on the right side.
Light shine through of some text and architectural features on verso.
Light shine through of text from verso.
Light shines from earth into the universe.
Light shines from the center of earth into the universe.
Light shines in brightly, for the southwestern wall is mostly glass.
Light shines in darkness.
Light shines in from above, through arched windows.
Light shines in the middle and magic goes out on all sides.
Light shines into their minds.
Light shines off the polished floors.
Light shines on the other side and is projected into the dark room.
Light shines softly, high lighting the sexy curves and classic form.
Light shines the brightest in the darkness.
Light shines the brightest in the midst of the greatest darkness.
Light shines through a narrow pinhole in the cereal box end.
Light shines through a panel perforated with many holes of different sizes.
Light shines through panes of color casting a stained glass effect.
Light shines through panes of color, casting a stained glass effect.
Light shines through the images of orchids artistically depicted in the stain glass window panes.
Light shines through the paper and film, making image assembly easier.
Light shines through the roofs of the tunnel in laser-like rays.
Light shines through the tissues from one side of the cuff to the other.
Light shines through the window.
Light shines through the windows and door.
Light shines, added wisdom as result of unique study.
Light shining from within gives the stone a mystical appearance.
Light shining in darkness is the contrast theme.
Light shining into the sky causes light pollution.
Light shining on a semiconductor can initiate a chemical reaction with species in solution.
Light shining on the cell is blocked by the sand pile until an avalanche reduces the pile height.
Light shining on the two-slit apparatus produces a pattern that is consistent with wave motion.
Light shining through the different colors of stained glass creates a warm glow.
Light show available.
Light shows features.
Light shows in the sky.
Light shows on Io.
Light shows same spectral features.
Light shows spectral features.
Light shows things up as they really are. . .
Light shows, novelty handouts, and party motivators are available.
Light shows, rich cocktail menu, spacious dance floor.
Light simply has no rest mass.
Light simply shines into the darkness, and the darkness is scattered.
Light sinks inward and a stray wind brushes the horizon.
Light sits up out of the coffin and gets out.
Light slows as it passes through a medium.
Light slows down any time it travels through a dielectric medium, such as water or glass.
Light slows down when it encounters matter.
Light slows down when it enters glass.
Light snacking during the day can be helpful.
Light somehow can act like one or the other depending on circumstances.
Light speeds the dye's activity, which destroys insect cells.
Light spills across the frozen roadway, and shrieks of sharp steel and hard wood make an eerie echo.
Light spills down the gangway as the passenger emerges, clad and hooded against the weather.
Light spills down through a three-story well that seems carved out of the upper floors.
Light spills into the cold chamber.
Light spills outward from the screen in waves of red and blue.
Light spoiles the image in the sensing array during the transfer, so it needs to be fast.
Light spreads across Galilee.
Light sprouts from the East.
Light stands, fiber optic spheres.
Light stays but light goes.
Light stays out, but air circulation seems better than when the leaves are secuured at the top.
Light stays the same, but time bends.
Light still comes on with same code, but very infrequently.
Light still stays on.
Light stimulates germination.
Light stimulates opening.
Light stimulates our primary sensors, our eyes.
Light stimulates the breeder's reproductive system resulting in breeding.
Light stimulates the formation of a penetration peg that enters a closed stoma.
Light stimulates the hypocotyl to straighten, raising the cotyledons and epicotyl.
Light stimulates the opening of the stomata at daybreak.
Light stimulates the photoreceptors to have action potentials and release neurotransmitter.
Light stimulates the synthesis of a plant hormone that responds to light.
Light stops blinking after a few seconds.
Light stretching before and after an activity can help prevent muscle soreness.
Light strikes something and bounces off.
Light strikes surfaces.
Light strikes the front surface of the lens and passes through the glass element.
Light strikes the pickup device, effecting thousands of tiny light sensitive spots.
Light strikes the retina and starts a series of chemical reactions that causes a nerve impulse.
Light strikes the retina before it can come to a sharp focus.
Light strikes the rods and cones in the back of the eye and a chemical reaction occurs.
Light strikes the surface of one side of a thin sheet of material.
Light strikes the two slits, and then produces two coherent point sources next to each other.
Light striking a silicon semiconductor causes electrons to flow, creating electricity.
Light striking each of the pixels on the CCD chip is converted to electric charge.
Light striking the interfaces at less than the critical angle passes into the classing ans is lost.
Light striking the panel causes ionization which produces charged ion pairs or current.
Light striking the surface is refracted down the inclined body.
Light stripes on face, back and sides.
Light struggles against darkness.
Light suffuses the land like a palette, painting the landscape with golden, ethereal pastels.
Light supersonic highly maneuverable high-performance combat fighter.
Light suppresses melatonin production.
Light suppresses melatonin secretion in humans.
Light sustains development.
Light switches abruptly change mode when nudged hard enough.
Light switches behind door.
Light switches spark to make the only heat.
Light switches, electric motors and other electrical equipment can ignite dust or flammable vapors.
Light switches, electrical outlets, thermostats and other environmental controls.
Light switches, pagers, copiers, printers, as well as PCs, benefit from Web connections.
Light switches,power sockets,dimmer switches etc.
Light symbolizes freedom.
Light symbolizes knowledge, and darkness, ignorance.
Light symbolizes the warmth, i.e., the love and affection, the quality of the heart.
Light symbolizes wisdom as contrasted to darkness which symbolizes ignorance.
Light tackle casting around the islands with the soft baits was exciting and fantastic.
Light tackle offshore and inshore fishing in the Gulf of Mexico can be amazing.
Light takes different paths.
Light takes paths.
Light takes places.
Light takes time to travel from the star to the creature.
Light takes time to travel.
Light takes up space.
Light tells animals when to mate, migrate, or hibernate.
Light tends to bounce off of shiny objects more so than dark opaque objects.
Light then dark then light.
Light then focuses properly on the retina, resulting in clear vision.
Light then is formlessness, and boundaryless, and in itself empty of particularity.
Light then passes through a dual polarizer, half polarized vertically and half horizontally.
Light then passes through two lenses and makes the image bigger .
Light then passes through two lenses and makes the image bigger.
Light then reaches the prism in the head piece, which shifts light path onto the ocular lens.
Light thinks it travels faster than anything, but it is wrong.
Light thinks so.
Light thus originates arbitrary shapes that break the characters' natural contours.
Light thus travels parallel to the axis, creating little pulse dispersion.
Light too is a manifestation of ether.
Light transfers energy.
Light transforms into heat.
Light transforms the rhodopsins to a stable intermediate.
Light traveling through a diamond is reflected if it strikes a surface outside the critical angle.
Light travels about a million times faster than sound.
Light travels about one foot every nanosecond.
Light travels across space in the form of waves.
Light travels across the pond and shimmers up the trunks of the trees.
Light travels along a geodesic path between two points in spacetime.
Light travels along a straight line.
Light travels along certain paths, that's all that's needed.
Light travels along the fiber in a straight line.
Light travels along the fibre by bouncing off the core-cladding interface.
Light travels along the inner core fibre by total internal reflection.
Light travels as a wave.
Light travels as both a wave and a particle.
Light travels at a certain speed through space.
Light travels at a constant speed for any observer.
Light travels at a constant velocity regardless of the motion of the object that is measuring it.
Light travels at different average speeds through different materials.
Light travels at different speeds in different materials.
Light travels at different speeds in different media.
Light travels at different speeds through different media.
Light travels at infinite speed.
Light travels at the speed of light.
Light travels away from that person at the speed of light.
Light travels back and forth from sponge ball to penlight.
Light travels between two points along the path that requires the least time.
Light travels down faster than up .
Light travels faster in thin air than thick air.
Light travels faster in water than in air.
Light travels faster than sound .
Light travels faster than sound, that is why some people appear bright until they talk.
Light travels faster than sound.
Light travels faster.
Light travels forward, raytracers trace backwards.
Light travels from a source that is remotely located in the control building.
Light travels from the demonstrator's leg to the mirror.
Light travels from the sun in waves at thousands of miles per second.
Light travels in a curved path.
Light travels in a motionless liquid with a particular velocity w .
Light travels in a motionless liquid with a particular velocity w.
Light travels in a straight line and a shadow ends where the light rays clear the top of the object.
Light travels in a straight line as long as nothing disturbs it.
Light travels in a straight line through space-time.
Light travels in a straight line through the pupil to the retina.
Light travels in a straight line until it interacts with an object or material.
Light travels in a straight line until it strikes an object.
Light travels in a straight line.
Light travels in a straight path, rather than going around the Earth.
Light travels in a wave form.
Light travels in dielectric materials at speeds that are lower than in air.
Light travels in packages called photons, which have properties resembling both waves and particles.
Light travels in straight beams penetrating the dark, it passes through itself and through sunlight.
Light travels in straight lines but bends when it hits another transparent medium.
Light travels in straight lines in a vacuum.
Light travels in straight lines in vacuum.
Light travels in straight lines within a material.
Light travels in straight lines, that is unless somehow it's turned.
Light travels in straight lines, unless it reflects or refracts.
Light travels in straight lines.
Light travels in straight paths.
Light travels in the form of a wave.
Light travels in up and down 'wave' motions called a transverse waves.
Light travels in vacuum.
Light travels in waves like water.
Light travels in waves of frequency and as particles of matter.
Light travels in waves that scientists call wavelengths.
Light travels in waves, much like ripples on a pool.
Light travels in waves.
Light travels just over a foot in a nanosecond.
Light travels like a wave, but hits like a particle.
Light travels more slowly through materials that are said to have a large 'refractive index'.
Light travels more slowly through some materials than others.
Light travels only slightly slower in other media.
Light travels slower in different mediums, just like sound.
Light travels slower through other mediums, such as air, glass and water.
Light travels slower through water than through air.
Light travels the same speed in all reference frames.
Light travels the same speed reletive to everything.
Light travels through a given medium in a wave-like form.
Light travels through a vacuum.
Light travels through air in straight paths.
Light travels through air with little scattering.
Light travels through air,space and clear materials like glass and water.
Light travels through cable buried in the ceiling.
Light travels through glass.
Light travels through ice faster than it travels through water.
Light travels through light pipe, to the photocathode.
Light travels through some materials better than others.
Light travels through space as waves of different lengths.
Light travels through space without any problems.
Light travels through the aperture and exposes the film on the back of the camera.
Light travels through the highest reflective tubing available.
Light travels through the specimen to the objective .
Light travels until it strikes an object.
Light travels very directly, in straight lines.
Light travels very rapidly, but it does have a finite velocity.
Light travels very well through the vacuum of space.
Light travels well through air or glass, but poorly through substances like wood or metal.
Light travels with the velocity of light.
Light triggers episodes.
Light triggers the hypothalamus, which triggers the pituitary.
Light trolling generally incorporates the use of monofilament lines.
Light truly is the medicine of the future.
Light turns beer skunky.
Light turns off automatically after six minutes.
Light turns on a automatically at night and runs until morning.
Light turns on automatically at night and runs until morning.
Light turns slate gray, or black, changes shape.
Light turns to heat.
Light undergoes refraction.
Light uses electricity.
Light uses forces.
Light uses ultra-thin clients for easy maintenance.
Light vibrates to the frequency of two, and dark vibrates to seven.
Light washes over the entire screen and lightens it, robbing the image of sharp contrast.
Light washes the buildings.
Light washes the interior from every angle.
Light wear along spine.
Light wear along the left edge.
Light wear at bottom.
Light wear at edges otherwise a very good or better copy.
Light wear at spine top and bottom.
Light wear at top of spine.
Light wear here and there.
Light wear in margins, else very good condition.
Light wear on the front, a little heavier on the back.
Light wear on the highest points.
Light wear on the spine.
Light wear otherwise.
Light wear to boards, some creased pages.
Light wear to book and is slightly bowed.
Light wear to book.
Light wear to brown cloth but binding is tight and interior clean.
Light wear to cloth.
Light wear to dj and very light soiling.
Light wear to dust jacket.
Light wear to edges of book, but still tight and clean.
Light wear to extremities of cover.
Light wear to fronts.
Light wear to green cloth and some sunning to endpapers.
Light wear to jacket extremities, bumped and worn corner of cover.
Light wear to jacket.
Light wear to ribbon.
Light wear to spine ends and along top edge.
Light wear to spine ends.
Light wear to the metal where the leaves rub against the findings.
Light wear to the wrappers, still about fine.
Light when reduced to the speed of sound, is the word made flesh where our love be bound.
Light when treated as particles, is named Photon.
Light woollens for both the places.
Light woollens in summer and very heavy woollens in winter.
Light woollens in summer.
Light woollens in the evening during summer and heavy woolens during winter.
Light works hard.
Lights add color and warmth, and make prospects feel welcome.
Lights affect surface and patch objects that are in the same axes as the light.
Lights affect the brightness of a star just as much as the star.
Lights allow for night contests.
Lights also beckon customers to auto dealers at night.
Lights also come on at night, making people choose between sleep and household chores.
Lights also increase safety and security by illuminating walks and warding off intruders.
Lights also tend to concentrate insects, namely moths.
Lights alternate when approaching full charge.
Lights appear to float in air suspended from a pair of low profile stretched cables.
Lights appear to move through the wizardry of animation technology.
Lights appear to move when they flash.
Lights are a good example.
Lights are a great decorative enhancement to a tree.
Lights are a positive force.
Lights are absolutely essential for night-time riding.
Lights are adjustable in increments.
Lights are all out and no one's singing.
Lights are always bright.
Lights are around the wheels to give the appearance of motion.
Lights are assigned numbers, generally the number on the dimmer controls to avoid confusion.
Lights are available for a fee.
Lights are available for night play.
Lights are available for the evening hours.
Lights are available.
Lights are availble upon prior request.
Lights are bright, monitors are big, and the alarms are constantly sounding.
Lights are burnin' bright sir and everything is well.
Lights are carefully bubble wrapped, boxed and shipped insured priority courier.
Lights are coin-operated.
Lights are coming on, folks are at home and the tea is warming on the stove.
Lights are comparable in effect to miniature suns.
Lights are critical.
Lights are deco.
Lights are different.
Lights are dim for atmosphere, and a bar runs the length of the restaurant.
Lights are dim.
Lights are either standard white or color coordinated to match wedding colors.
Lights are especially good on the warm nights during the fall.
Lights are essential both in front and behind.
Lights are essential.
Lights are expensive to install only to be dismantled later.
Lights are expensive, and cars have headlights.
Lights are expensive.
Lights are extinguished after a predetermined pause following cessation of occupancy in the space.
Lights are extinguished as much as possible.
Lights are extinguished.
Lights are fully adjustable for height on vertical tracks.
Lights are fun.
Lights are good, music is loud, and the beat penetrates the walls.
Lights are green on both ends now.
Lights are important Good lighting is also crucial.
Lights are important, too.
Lights are in excellent condition but have been in a bar for several years.
Lights are in the near future.
Lights are installes at each end of the field behing the starting areas.
Lights are key.
Lights are legal in Canada and every state.
Lights are likely to remain a minor attraction for most visitors.
Lights are lit, decorations are on display and kids are whining their way to the perfect present.
Lights are loud, lights are fast, lights are a crowd favorite everywhere they go.
Lights are low and oil lamps cast a soft glow on floral tablecloths.
Lights are low, mostly from table lamps set on end tables around the room.
Lights are mandatory and reflective safety accessories recommended.
Lights are more difficult to place in space.
Lights are motion-activated compact fluorescents.
Lights are off.
Lights are on ,but nobody is at home.
Lights are on . . . .
Lights are on a timer for night activities.
Lights are on all the time and can be viewed after dusk.
Lights are on but no one is home.
Lights are on but nobody's home.
Lights are on in an unoccupied facility area.
Lights are on inside one.
Lights are on motion sensor.
Lights are on one court only.
Lights are on only during scheduled events and turned off immediately after cleaning of facility.
Lights are on timers.
Lights are on.
Lights are optional for the first few rides of the season, but become essential after that.
Lights are optional.
Lights are out in the cavernous gothic living room.
Lights are out, things are quiet, and the parent is available.
Lights are perpetually on.
Lights are red and green and are on a yellow pole.
Lights are setup at night.
Lights are so bright, they seem to confuse car drivers.
Lights are so easy to spot.
Lights are soft brown moons here cats eyes stare from wallboard.
Lights are solar powered.
Lights are still to go up at our basketball court and rollerblade and skateboard park.
Lights are strictly taboo.
Lights are subject to availability.
Lights are the hassle.
Lights are the mounts of the hearts and the secrets.
Lights are to be energy efficient, with tight directional control of light rays.
Lights are to be kept on throughout the night.
Lights are to be mounted with a fixed tenon mount to the pole, parallel with the ground.
Lights are to be turned out.
Lights are to bright or alkaline water.
Lights are unnecessary for salamanders.
Lights are usually a shade of amber.
Lights are valuable only if they are used to dispel darkness - cf.
Lights are well positioned for reading in bed.
Lights attach easily to top of display frame.
Lights attract and keep the attention of the entire class.
Lights attract many insects.
Lights automatically turn off after pre-set time.
Lights begin to sway, items fall off shelves, and the shaking gets stronger.
Lights blaze and flicker.
Lights blaze invitingly from golf clubhouses long after dark has fallen across the fairways.
Lights blink on and off constantly like a cheap carnival.
Lights blink on and off, blood oozes down walls, muffled voices cry out people's names.
Lights blink on every building that's been hit.
Lights blink, crew members yell into microphones and it looks like a go.
Lights bombard the eyes from every side.
Lights brighten empty rooms.
Lights brilliantly glow and flicker in colors of reds, greens, violets, and blues.
Lights bring a new mysticism to the nocturnal garden.
Lights burn late in government offices as diminished staffs execute their commitments.
Lights burn out, leaving the reptile in the cold and dark.
Lights can be battery operated or can run off a small dynamo.
Lights can be off or on.
Lights can cause disorientation of nesting turtles and hatchlings.
Lights can flash on and off when an intruder is detected.
Lights can flicker.
Lights can t be too bright, noises too loud, clothing too tight or scratchy.
Lights change from red to green, with no amber, except when moving from green to red.
Lights come and go in the night sky.
Lights come back on in homes and offices as the local time of punishment ends.
Lights come back on.
Lights come in white, yellow, red, blue, and green.
Lights come on and off and the front desk drawers open on their own.
Lights come on and off.
Lights come on and water runs in rooms where no one has been.
Lights come on for a time in the houses and go out one by one.
Lights come on in windows and along the streets.
Lights come on suddenly at the sound of a crashing coffee cup to intensify the situation.
Lights come on suddenly.
Lights come on, batteries get charged and e-mails get sent.
Lights come on.
Lights come up on the town square.
Lights come up.
Lights come with a variety of colored lenses that color the water to set the mood of the spa.
Lights commonly required include sidelights, taillights, stop lights and turn signals.
Lights connect to each other.
Lights constantly burn out and keys spin around in certain locks.
Lights constantly flash and fade and the incessant, pounding beat resonates from the dance floor.
Lights cover house, flowers, windows and roof.
Lights cover the house, roof and trees.
Lights crush a man.
Lights dance across the audience fading from blue to violet.
Lights deter females attempting to nest.
Lights dim for domestic uranium producers.
Lights dim in neighborhood during test run.
Lights dim into muted shades of orange and yellow.
Lights dim or blink and electronic systems misoperate.
Lights dim to almost a blackout.
Lights dim when an electric appliance is turned on.
Lights dim, and a purple strobe light flickers.
Lights dim, music starts, and after a few pulsing beats, the group begins dancing and singing.
Lights diminish, still winking as strong mountains rest stoically.
Lights don t go on.
Lights elegantly fade on and off, adding drama while preserving lamp life.
Lights eliminate dark spots and shadows around the home, reducing hiding places for intruders.
Lights Ensure all street lights operate efficiently.
Lights enter from the eastern door.
Lights extend the use of the astro-turf field for evening contests.
Lights fade back and forth from the two rooms.
Lights fade further.
Lights fade in and out through the evening, since electricity blackouts are routine.
Lights fade in.
Lights fade out.
Lights fade up center stage.
Lights fail to come on occasionally.
Lights flare, softens contrast and sharpness.
Lights flash and alarms ring when the set parameters are breached.
Lights flash and circuits crackle when they fire and make hits.
Lights flash and machine-gun chatter splits the air.
Lights flash and pulse with every sound.
Lights flash and sirens scream as bad guys hurl makeshift weapons around a padded room.
Lights flash as worlds collide in fuel-injected vitriolic twilight.
Lights flash in buildings that have been un used for many years.
Lights flash in tantalizing silence.
Lights flash on the fire alarm buzzers only when the alarms have sounded.
Lights flash to announce location of vehicle.
Lights flash to the beats, and flash at the same time if the sounds are in sync.
Lights flash to the rhythm of the songs.
Lights flash when songs are playing just like a real juke box.
Lights flash while an overlay is being sent.
Lights flash, breathing apparatus drops and dangles.
Lights flash, couples move and the mist turns to steam, steam, steam.
Lights flashing, they reach the emergency site in seconds.
Lights flicker off and on during the night.
Lights flicker off the golden roof.
Lights flicker on and off, seen from under the door.
Lights flicker on and off.
Lights generate heat that increases room temperature.
Lights get all dark.
Lights get hot.
Lights get very hot.
Lights give lives and architecture robs a energy of lights.
Lights give steady, shadowless illumination.
Lights give the feeling of more open and livable spaces as well as adding drama to a room.
Lights glow dimly in the fog.
Lights glow from behind large yellow sheets of plastic.
Lights glow in sequence to show approximate voltage.
Lights glow in sequence when proper claps are detected.
Lights go almost out.
Lights go dim, famous Jeopardy music plays.
Lights go down but lids stay up realization.
Lights go down when the projector is played.
Lights go down.
Lights go off, and the security system comes on.
Lights go off.
Lights go on and off.
Lights go on by themselves when someone enters the room.
Lights go on in the theater.
Lights go on or off and grow brighter or dimmer in time to the accompanying music.
Lights go on with the flick of a touch pad.
Lights go on.
Lights go out . . .
Lights go out and people hurry to shelters using candle light.
Lights go out and the show is over.
Lights go out and the telephone system goes down.
Lights go out when the starter is ready to go green.
Lights go out, smoke pours into rooms and, amid all the confusion, the ship flips over.
Lights go out.
Lights go round.
Lights go up.
Lights have a five minute delay.
Lights have a severe drying effect on plants.
Lights have a transformation matrix that describes the space in which they are positioned.
Lights have different colour temperatures.
Lights Have good bulbs in every light socket, both inside and out.
Lights have green cord.
Lights have two uses, to see and be seen.
Lights help set the mood.
Lights help the audience focus on the performance.
Lights hidden in the core moldings complement the restored barrel vaulted ceilings.
Lights illuminate the blackness.
Lights illumine a podium, an exaggerated monolith, in fearful green.
Lights includes various skulls, auras, sceptres, and rods.
Lights indicate a light in front of each player.
Lights inside are optional, but automatic timers and pro-style aeration systems are standard.
Lights just stay in there until they blow.
Lights Keep the lights on so that the participants can take notes.
Lights light up nice and bright, and the case itself doesnt look half bad either.
Lights make Atlanta debut on farewell tour.
Lights Make sure there are no missing light bulbs.
Lights make the arena usable at all hours, and a sound system is provided for musical kurs.
Lights make the difference at night.
Lights mark the ends of the breakwaters.
Lights moving skyward mean the temperature's rising.
Lights never go out.
Lights offer security.
Lights outline the old farmhouse, the new playhouse and the yard.
Lights outlining rooflines testify to appetites satisfied by geometric definition.
Lights play a contributory role in attracting visitors.
Lights play off the bikes' chrome and metal surfaces.
Lights plug into E.Z.-access electrical receptacle on top of stand.
Lights point to no.
Lights poke out of the gloom like millions of neon lighthouses on a black night at sea.
Lights powered by batteries emit bright, natural light, which is directed to the eyes.
Lights projected from different sources mix according to the additive method.
Lights provide safety and security and help define the character of the street.
Lights recessed in the wall's inner edge are a somewhat surprising touch.
Lights reflect off mirrors as well.
Lights reflect off the ice and cast shadows of the players.
Lights regularly flicker out.
Lights remain lit for six weeks during the holiday season in their honor.
Lights seem to be suburban California's answer to the sparkle of snow.
Lights shed a warm glow along the main campus walkways.
Lights shift to red.
Lights shine brighter.
Lights shine down on the figures.
Lights shine down, reflected by the mirrored central column.
Lights shine from behind the glass producing beautiful arrangements of color.
Lights shine from ceiling to floor or wall to floor.
Lights shine from Holland.
Lights shine from the windows, illuminating the deep-sea darkness.
Lights shine in the distance, the light of love, the light of joy, the light of hope.
Lights shine white from the concourse.
Lights shining up into pilots' eyes during a night instrument approach is a concern.
Lights show off plantings along the drive or walk.
Lights show on which level to pick.
Lights signify hope and safety.
Lights sit at the top of the control connector, and flash while the people spin around.
Lights sparkle on the skeletons of umbrellas dangling upside down.
Lights start flashing.
Lights start to dance into familiar shapes.
Lights stay on.
Lights still have to be installed.
Lights strobe over smoky layers of flickering images.
Lights switch on.
Lights tend to hide many of the meteors.
Lights there represent a donation to help patients with non-medical emergencies after discharge.
Lights throw their light as far as it can go.
Lights turn green and drivers pop clutches.
Lights turn off automatically after motion has ceased and light is no longer necessary.
Lights turn off automatically whenever the office is vacant.
Lights turn off automatically whenever the room is vacant.
Lights Turn on all the lights including the emergency flashers.
Lights Turn on all the lights.
Lights turn on at dusk, off at dawn.
Lights turn on doors close by themselves.
Lights turn on in the stage, and a bunch of people stop to look.
Lights turn on without warning.
Lights twinkle along the curved road.
Lights twinkle forth from tiny brownstones and cottages.
Lights unexpectedly go out to create a panic play.
Lights Use only lights that have been tested for safety.
Lights wink in the village.
Lights wink on and off, digital displays flash.
Lights wink out in the canyon walls.
Lights wink out on the canyon walls.
Lights work, including head lamps.
Lights wrapping around trees and bushes make the park all a glow.
Light always comes in identical units of action.
Light always courts a thorough and complete investigation.
Light always dispels darkness.
Light always dispels the darkness.
Light always drives away darkness.
Light always overcomes darkness.
Light always overrides darkness.
Light always penetrates through darkness.
Light always prevails over darkness.
Light always prevails.
Light always refers to consciousness.
Light always reflects away from a mirror at the same angle that it hits the mirror.
Light always returns.
Light always spirals up.
Light always travels at the same speed, and is affected by gravity.
Light always travels in straight lines.
Lights Always leave the lights on at night.
Light frequently behaves as a particle.
Light often implies holiness, purity, and righteous.
Lights often seem to have a spokelike appearance.
Light sometimes behaves like a particle and sometimes like a wave.
Light usually travels in straight lines, unless it encounters the edges of some material.
All light comes from the light tube.
All light comes from tiny slit in one wall.
All light contains darkness and all darkness contains light.
All light goes forever, until it is absorbed.
All light has a wavelength and frequency.
All light is a form of magnetic energy.
All light is absorbed.
All light is aimed downward into the space.
All light is comprised of various wavelengths which, when divided, provide a spectrum of color.
All light is electromagnetic waves, the result of electromagnetic induction.
All light is energy, which is eventually absorbed and turned into heat.
All light is lost .
All light is one.
All light is part of what s called the electromagnetic spectrum.
All light is reflected down so twice as much light floods the reading area.
All light is the archetypal concept of light.
All light is the brightest light in the world.
All light is valuable on a darken path.
All light is white, colors are white light compressed to a greater or lesser degree.
All light passing through the globule is filtered out except that of the particular globule.
All lights are duplex.
All lights are extinguished until relit by a central bonfire.
All lights are lit when the battery is fully charged.
All lights are off at night.
All lights are off.
All lights are on timers following the photo period of the day and the seasons.
All lights are on.
All lights are special effect, intelligent, 'sound to light' units.
All lights are true divided.
All lights arrive ready to install.
All lights can be the same, but how they are installed is the big difference.
All lights come complete with namecrests attached.
All Lights Fill all the blocks with yellow color.
All lights have a parameter, intensity , which expresses the power of each light.
All lights present the problem of shock and casualty hazard for curious kids.
All lights present the problem of shock and casualty hazards for curious kids.
All lights sold are new aftermarket units.
All lights work.
Any light can fade the photographic image.
Any light emitted upwards is of course being wasted completely.
Any light striking the crystal is reflected away from the film.
Every light has a purpose.
Every light has a shadow.
Every light has vessels.
Every light is designed for specific size tanks.
Every light is extinguished.
Every light is red.
Every light is supposed to be kept on the entire night.
Every light is supposed to be kept on the whole night.
Every light is unified.
Many lights appear in the dark night beckoning the ship.
More light usually means less crime.
More light also makes rooms appear larger.
More light can pass through .
More light can pass through.
More light creates more impulses, causing the muscles to close the pupil.
More light is apparent on the orchard floor than in past years even beneath the unpruned trees.
More light is available on land than in the water.
More light is gathered by a larger aperture.
More light is good.
More light is hoped to be shed in the matter through further investigations.
More light is needed to see because the eyes adapt to changes in light more slowly.
More light is reflected by bright colors, resulting in excessive stimulation of the eyes.
More light is reflected by bright colors.
More light is required for optimal growth of many plant species.
More light is shed on sexual behaviour by a branch of mathematics called game theory.
More light is used than is needed.
More light means less darkness.
More light means more acid, more solidification and smaller pore sizes.
More light means more free electrons where it hit.
More light shows that they're actually in color.
More lights are better than fewer lights.
More lights descend to form an eagle.
More lights illuminate the flawless white marble platform, an unforgettably beautiful sight.
More lights picures .
Most light affects development.
Most light attracts moths.
Most light comes from atmospheres.
Most light comes from bask lamps.
Most light comes from bulbs.
Most light comes from earth atmospheres.
Most light comes from gas.
Most light comes from lamps.
Most light comes from matter.
Most light comes from point sources.
Most light comes from single sources.
Most light comes from sources.
Most light comes from stars.
Most light contains color.
Most light contains different color.
Most light contains radiation.
Most light creates energy.
Most light gives off energy.
Most light gives off heat.
Most light has absorption.
Most light has calcium absorption.
Most light has capability.
Most light has direct effects.
Most light has effects.
Most light has energy.
Most light has few fundamental properties.
Most light has fundamental properties.
Most light has lesser effects.
Most light has mass.
Most light has much energy.
Most light has penetration capability.
Most light has positive effects.
Most light has potency.
Most light has properties.
Most light has significant effects.
Most light has waves.
Most light helps bud growth.
Most light helps germination.
Most light helps growth.
Most light helps harvest.
Most light helps healthy harvest.
Most light helps weed germination.
Most light hits horizons.
Most light includes electromagnetic waves.
Most light includes waves.
Most light is absorbed by chlorophyll.
Most light is absorbed by pigment.
Most light is caused by particles.
Most light is produced by bulbs.
Most light is used by plants.
Most light passes through air.
Most light passes through corneas.
Most light passes through dusty air.
Most light passes through layers.
Most light passes through retinas.
Most light passes through structures.
Most light passes through substances.
Most light provides energy.
Most light provides heat.
Most light provides sufficient energy.
Most light provides sufficient heat.
Most light reaches earth.
Most light reaches floors.
Most light reaches forest floors.
Most light requires for photosynthesis.
Most light shows same spectral features.
Most light shows spectral features.
Most light takes different paths.
Most light takes paths.
Most light takes places.
Most lights are easy to assemble.
Most lights come with a stake connected on one end to makes installation easy.
Much light is shed on the subject by a recent controversy on the subject.
Some light always gets through.
Some light affects behaviour.
Some light affects output power.
Some light affects plants.
Some light affects power.
Some light allows photography.
Some light attracts animals.
Some light attracts crabs.
Some light attracts squids.
Some light becomes realization.
Some light bonfires for warmth.
Some light comes from environments.
Some light comes from gases.
Some light comes from lenses.
Some light comes later, long after it first dared to gleam.
Some light contains gases.
Some light depends on density.
Some light does pass through translucent materials, but most of the light is scattered.
Some light has characteristics.
Some light has color.
Some light has different charge methods.
Some light has different mechanisms.
Some light has different methods.
Some light has features.
Some light has mechanisms.
Some light has methods.
Some light has particles.
Some light has patterns.
Some light has principal characteristics.
Some light has ranges.
Some light has states.
Some light helps food.
Some light helps possibility.
Some light is absorbed by the primary lens in a refractor.
Some light is beneficial to germination.
Some light is bound to spill outside the area.
Some light is produced by fire.
Some light is produced by fluorescent tubes.
Some light is produced by lamps.
Some light is produced by tubes.
Some light is reflected at the surface.
Some light is released by lamps.
Some light makes plants.
Some light occurs in stromas.
Some light passes through crystal.
Some light passes through diamonds.
Some light passes through dust.
Some light passes through earth.
Some light passes through gases.
Some light passes through gels.
Some light passes through ice crystal.
Some light passes through mirrors.
Some light passes through slits.
Some light passes through suspensions.
Some light passes through telescope tubes.
Some light passes through tubes.
Some light produces energy.
Some light provides definition.
Some light provides evidence.
Some light provides hide spots.
Some light provides recent evidence.
Some light provides spots.
Some light provides warmth.
Some light reaches bottoms.
Some light reaches eyes.
Some light reflects radiation.
Some light reflects surfaces.
Some light requires for development.
Some light requires presence.
Some light requires usage.
Some light shine through of text from verso.
Some light shows components.
Some light shows nebulas.
Some lights also use a bulb shield, like a cup in front of the bulb.
Some lights appear to 'investigate' other objects.
Some lights are lit.
Some lights are only useful in certain situations, but can be nuisances otherwise.
Some lights are out in the new fixtures at the entrance.
Some lights are soft.
Some lights feature as an option a rubber tab for that purpose.
Some lights go on, some go off.
Some lights have decorative shades molded in the form of religious figures .
Some lights have sectors that can show a danger area.
Some lights turn on and off by switch inside the home, photocells control others.
Lightblue icon means that object is constructed - i.e. value has been set.
A lightbulb is an electric lamp
Lightbulb isa lamp.
Lightbulbs also produce heat, however.
Lightbulbs convert electricity.
Lightbulbs have (part) sections.
Lightbulbs transform electrical energy.
Lightbulbs transform energy.
Lightbulbs use electricity to heat a filament of tungsten or some other alloy.
All lightbulbs are initially off.
Most lightbulbs convert electricity.
Most lightbulbs transform electrical energy.
Most lightbulbs transform energy.
Lightcurve changes indicate a non-spherical body, consistent with the lightcurve and radar results.
Lighted buttons show selected students at a glance.
Lighted devices offer the designer a wide range of appearance options.
Lighted park offers horseshoe pit, sandbox, a playhouse, and a fire ring for campfires.
Lighted parking is available directly on the side of the building.
Lighted parking is available.
Lighted signs are also available.
Lighted snowflakes hang from the trees.
Lighted stylet is stuck in a piriform fossae or in the vallecula.
Lighted torches illuminate two men carrying a lifeless form tied to a pole.
Lighted towers appear to attract birds.
Lighted trails offer an excellent opportunity for visitors to see fantastic rock formations.
Lighted versions are available, along with turnkey design and manufacturing of custom switches.
Lightened block means faster bolt speed, and increased performance.
Lightened crankshafts rev much quicker.
Lighter activities require more time, and more vigorous activities less time.
Lighter ammo means more rounds can be carried at a time.
Lighter animals don t tend to break the needles.
Lighter area represents pores.
Lighter areas are usually clouds, which reflect sunlight very well.
Lighter areas are where there is less of the color.
Lighter areas indicate higher elevations while darker areas are lower elevations.
Lighter areas receive less brightening.
Lighter areas represent steeper areas whereas darker areas represent lower elevations.
Lighter babies appear to be at a significant disadvantage, which lasts well into adulthood.
Lighter backgrounds are best, avoid combining high contrast colors.
Lighter backgrounds work best for the presentation of text.
Lighter bags are good for practicing precision and control.
Lighter bands are limestone.
Lighter blues are better than dark blues.
Lighter boats tend to be faster downwind.
Lighter browns indiciate more marginal, lower-suitability for agriculture.
Lighter bumps are the bites of bergalls.
Lighter cakes tend to fall once the jar seals.
Lighter cars allow for lighter structural parts, achieving further reductions in mass.
Lighter cars increase payloads and reduce operating costs.
Lighter cars require smaller engines, and smaller engines weigh less.
Lighter cats tend to have fuller coats with more undercoat.
Lighter characters attack and move around faster, but are more easily blown into walls.
Lighter color indicates higher magnetoresistance.
Lighter color shows shallower events.
Lighter colors appeal to a wider range of buyers and make each room look larger.
Lighter colors appear with classic and quirky touches.
Lighter colors are always softer, with less visual antiquing.
Lighter colors are areas where the vegetation is less healthy or more sparse.
Lighter colors are best.
Lighter colors are easier to cover with final topcoats, and produce brighter topcoats.
Lighter colors are generally better for the background while darker colors are preferred for text.
Lighter colors are higher concentrations.
Lighter colors are more expensive.
Lighter colors are more festive.
Lighter colors emphasize, darker colors minimize.
Lighter colors give the impression of a larger size room.
Lighter colors indicate larger dispersions.
Lighter colors make the features look larger.
Lighter colors mean that more light is reflected.
Lighter colors reduce the claustrophobia considerably.
Lighter colors reflect light better.
Lighter colors reflect more heat so they last longer.
Lighter colors reflect more light so they show flaws in the prep work.
Lighter colors reflect more light.
Lighter colors reflect some energy from the sun but allow a beautiful southwestern look.
Lighter colors reflect the most light.
Lighter colors reflect the sun's heat.
Lighter colors represent high density site locations.
Lighter colors seem more comfortable in the heat.
Lighter colors tend to be more active, and deeper colors tend to be passive.
Lighter colours seem to have less weight than dark colours.
Lighter conditioners tend to work best on fine hair.
Lighter crops occur in the intervening years, with substantially lower seed quality.
Lighter elements form in cores of stars as their fusion fires quietly light the night sky.
Lighter elements fuse into heavier ones.
Lighter entrees are available as well.
Lighter equipment facilitates rapid deployments.
Lighter eyes are less desirable and the lighter the eye, the more serious the fault.
Lighter fabrics blow out faster.
Lighter fare is available in salads, chicken, seafood and low-fat dishes.
Lighter fare is available.
Lighter females have lower fat reserves and tend to have fewer cubs.
Lighter flints are an alloy of iron and a lanthanide element, mainly cerium.
Lighter fluid contains naptha which is very flammable.
Lighter fluid is for charcoal grills.
Lighter fluid keeps the fires going.
Lighter fluid makes a good fuel because it burns with a strong yellow flame.
Lighter fluid remains the favorite method for starting charcoal fires.
Lighter fluid Take to a hazardous waste collection facility, if available.
Lighter foods are foods that carry a higher vibration.
Lighter gages increase wear on finishing rolls, but a hotter strip is easier to roll.
Lighter garments can pick up dyes from darker colors.
Lighter gauges yield more pieces per ton, and individual parts have less per-piece weight.
Lighter gels can help the wide flood bulbs cover more stage area effectively.
Lighter glass seems to crack when cooling down.
Lighter greens represent high density and darker greens represent low density.
Lighter guns are much more comfortable to carry, and the heavier guns kick less.
Lighter hair is generally easier to dye.
Lighter handles are preferable, since they give the brush balance and facilitate control.
Lighter hydrocarbons evaporate more rapidly than heavy components.
Lighter individuals have dark blotching.
Lighter ions can go faster than heavier ones.
Lighter ions have a higher velocity than heavier ones, and therefore reach the detector faster.
Lighter ions reach higher speeds than do the heavier ones.
Lighter items reflect lower price to average shipping cost.
Lighter line is better.
Lighter line is more effective.
Lighter line reduces cranking fatigue and, of course, produces the best maximum dive performance.
Lighter line reduces the risk of it being seen by fish and allows for better lure action.
Lighter lines show a possible d-ASC pattern.
Lighter loads mean less efficiency and, bottom line, the transport of less cargo.
Lighter material drops out later.
Lighter material is near the surface, and denser material is found near the center.
Lighter materials fall off to the low side, exposing the gold.
Lighter mirrors are key to tremendous savings in telescope mass and overall project cost.
Lighter modules form a truncated cube.
Lighter moments are very scarce here.
Lighter nuclei have smaller binding energies because of surface effects.
Lighter ones predominate.
Lighter packaging can mean a lot less waste.
Lighter paper reduces shipping and handling costs.
Lighter paper requires less energy and fewer raw materials when it's manufactured.
Lighter papers are harder to work with.
Lighter parcels sit at a higher level, and denser ones lie below.
Lighter particles form a scum at the top.
Lighter people tend to get more out of standing.
Lighter pressure can produce a finer grind.
Lighter projectors are easier to install, too.
Lighter reds spend only two to three days in the first fermentation step.
Lighter regions correspond to good reception of the ultrasound.
Lighter rocks float up as magma, to create the mighty volcanoes of the active volcanic zone.
Lighter rules are likely to disappear when scanned, even when scanned at high resolution.
Lighter rye loaves, with wheat flour added, are popular in the United States.
Lighter seeds disperse farther than heavier seeds.
Lighter setting are squishy and downright sexy while harsher settings get very sick and swirly.
Lighter shades appear closer, and thus higher, to most people.
Lighter shades correspond to large amplitudes and darker shades to small amplitudes.
Lighter shades cover blemishes and scars better.
Lighter shades indicate better data fit.
Lighter shades indicate upward motion.
Lighter shades indicates receding gas.
Lighter shafts do help generate more club head speed for longer drives.
Lighter shears are too flimsy.
Lighter shoes use bonding-cement joins.
Lighter software includes multibit and electrum , available in the official repositories too.
Lighter soils are advantageous for it.
Lighter soils require deeper planting.
Lighter soils warm up quickly in spring and are more suitable for early plantings.
Lighter spaceships can have smaller, more efficient engines and less fuel.
Lighter strings are an obvious method to reduce strain on the hands.
Lighter strings are thinner and quieter and more likely to buzz when played hard.
Lighter strings make string-bending easier, but it is also a question of strength and technique.
Lighter syrups are desirable for mild-flavored fruits to prevent masking of flavors.
Lighter tennis racquets with smaller grips.
Lighter tissue is firm.
Lighter trains require less power, and faster trains provide operational efficiencies.
Lighter type indicates potential or less comprehensively studied areas.
Lighter valves mean smaller springs.
Lighter vehicles made with aluminum get higher gas mileage and produce fewer emissions.
Lighter vehicles mean less fuel consumption, reduced emissions, and improved performance.
Lighter vehicles mean lower fuel costs.
Lighter vehicles require less power to accelerate, climb hills, cruise, and stop.
Lighter versions are available.
Lighter weight improves fuel economy, acceleration and braking.
Lighter weight is important to beginners.
Lighter weight is important to cross-trainers.
Lighter weight is important to experienced hikers.
Lighter weight is used in combination with higher reps.
Lighter weight makes fiber easier to install.
Lighter weight makes footrests easier to move as needed Can be repositioned with the touch of a toe.
Lighter weight makes transporting and mounting easier.
Lighter weight means larger load sizes and increased ease of installation.
Lighter weight means lower truck and air freight charges.
Lighter weight reduces the danger of workman's compensation claims.
Lighter weight reduces wear and tear on suspension components.
Lighter weights are better in shallower water with shorter leaders.
Lighter weights tend to carry a slightly higher per gram price.
Lighter wheels are faster .
Lighter winds prevail along the south coast where nights are usually calm.
Lighter wines taste better before heavier wines.
Lighter wood is good to get the fire going.
Lighter zones are indicated to the right, darker belts to the left.
Lighters can leak butane when ignited.
Lighters come nicely packaged in a collectors tin.
Lighters go out, baby boom crowd goes bust at concerts nowadays.
Lighters have child-resistant mechanisms that are frequently ineffective.
Lighters is devices.
Lighters is located in cars.
Lighters is located in forests.
Lighters is located in pockets.
Lighters is tools.
Lighters is used for burning.
Lighters leak butane when ignited, causing an excessive burst of flame.
Lighters make great gifts for any occasion.
Lighters make great gifts for smokers and collectors.
Lighters use miniature flint and steel sets to light their gas fumes.
Lighters work the latter ships.
All lighters ignite the fuel by a spark from a steel wheel spinning against a piece of flint.
All lighters work.
Lightest suns arm our warm kisses.
Lightfoot cycles are premium quality and built to last.
Lighthearted conversation sprinkled with laughter is always great fun.
A lighthouse is a tower
Lighthouse isa tower.
Lighthouses abound in the area providing wonderful photographic opportunities.
Lighthouses are a symbol of hope and safe journey.
Lighthouses are all in pretty locations, and the architecture is different in all lighthouses.
Lighthouses are among the most romantic reminders of our country s maritime heritage.
Lighthouses are among the most romantic reminders of our country's maritime heritage.
Lighthouses are an important part of Door County's heritage.
Lighthouses are an important, even critical, part of Door County's colorful maritime history.
Lighthouses are another example.
Lighthouses are as much a part of our history as any residential dwelling.
Lighthouses are books.
Lighthouses are buildings.
Lighthouses are built on the coast of an ocean or lake .
Lighthouses are built on the coast of an ocean or lake.
Lighthouses are common here and many of the country's oldest lights are in the First District.
Lighthouses are definitely one of our priority issues.
Lighthouses are endangered species of sorts.
Lighthouses are full of history, full of fascinating stories.
Lighthouses are houses.
Lighthouses are icons of maritime history in Canada.
Lighthouses are interesting to explore any time of year.
Lighthouses are light.
Lighthouses are more helpful than churches.
Lighthouses are neat.
Lighthouses are one of the most sought after collectibles today.
Lighthouses are picturesque and romantic.
Lighthouses are picturesque because they have rugged scenery and territory.
Lighthouses are stately structures of architectural significance.
Lighthouses are still very popular, as gifts or a as a special memento from a vacation or honeymoon.
Lighthouses are such an interesting topic.
Lighthouses are to be found everywhere.
Lighthouses are tributes to our historic past.
Lighthouses blow no horns, they just shine.
Lighthouses can also be effective in a church small group.
Lighthouses can develop a list to starboard with time.
Lighthouses can turn up in the damnedest places.
Lighthouses dot the coast whose waters had come to be known as the Graveyard of the Atlantic.
Lighthouses extend the reach of the church into the community.
Lighthouses guide ships along the busy and often dangerous mid-Atlantic coast.
Lighthouses have (part) bases.
Lighthouses have (part) sections.
Lighthouses have a long and colorful history.
Lighthouses have a place in our hearts and in history.
Lighthouses help mariners in several ways.
Lighthouses illuminate the dark, gloomy, formidable and cold storms.
Lighthouses know no season.
Lighthouses light up the water to see if there is a shark and are very helpful when there is a fog.
Lighthouses mark the hazardous points and shoals all the way up to Boston.
Lighthouses seem to be a natural.
Lighthouses signal in the distance anf Far away village lights twinkle in the night.
Lighthouses signal in the distance.
Lighthouses stand as sentries along the rugged coast of Maine.
Lighthouses stand guard, ferry boats voyage to the offshore islands, walleye lure fishermen.
Lighthouses still exist.
Lighthouses truly are among the most romantic reminders of our country's maritime heritage.
Lighthouses use a lens to reflect the light out over the water.
Lighthouses Visit the Dutch lighthouses along the coast during a walk on the beach.
Lighthouses warn seafarers of the treacherous rocks and reefs.
Lighthouses always offer a good spot nearby, and it's hard to beat Japanese beaches.
All lighthouses come pre-wired.
Every lighthouse includes an embossed hangtag that contains a brief history of the lighthouse.
Many lighthouses are already in public hands, serving as museums.
Many lighthouses here shine out to warn sailors of the dangerous reefs.
Most lighthouses also have landing pads for helicopters.
Most lighthouses have a small window to bring daylight into the tall dark passage to the top.
Some lighthouses report annual visitation in the tens of thousands.
Lighting bugs are nice at night.
Lighting bugs glow because of luminescence.
Lighting bugs have wings.
Lighting design is an important consideration for any building.
Lighting design is crucial in making the below-grade space many spaces at the same time.
Lighting design is intended to minimize energy use while providing pleasant light quality.
Lighting design is no longer a peripheral element in interior planning.
Lighting design is visual design in space and time.
Lighting effects are also notably absent.
Lighting effects are available.
Lighting effects are equally good from machine-gum fire to big explosions.
Lighting effects are equally impressive and the dancing shadows add to the ambiance.
Lighting effects are excellent, but there are a few clipping problems.
Lighting effects are generous and the tracks are lengthy and original.
Lighting effects are marvelous, though some areas are far too dark with certain video cards.
Lighting effects are most impressive.
Lighting effects are really poor.
Lighting effects are superb.
Lighting effects are very nice as well.
Lighting effects can also add significantly to the entertainment cost.
Lighting effects incorporate fantastic coloring that seals the deal for eye-candy freaks.
Lighting effects work against the car bodies to further add to the element of realism.
Lighting equipment is dimmed by photosensors to maximize the energy savings from daylighting.
Lighting equipment is set up.
Lighting fixtures are a difficult color subject.
Lighting fixtures are brass and banisters are bronze.
Lighting fixtures are dramatic.
Lighting fixtures are fixtures.
Lighting fixtures are high efficiency, many with occupancy sensors.
Lighting fixtures are large and bulky, yet light, making transportation costs prohibitively high.
Lighting fixtures emphasize an aesthetic and snugness of each home, office, hotel and restaurant.
Lighting fixtures have to be able to stand up to constant exposure to the elements.
Lighting industries are industries.
Most lighting ordinances share common sense guidelines for outdoor illumination.
Lighting plots contain the first cue starting with house lights down.
Lighting rigs are built on a per plot basis, however there are severe limitations.
Lighting adds a lot of the mood and atmosphere to the scene making it look more realistic.
Lighting adds beauty and drama to a room.
Lighting adds even more dimensions after dark.
Lighting adds mood and character to the game environments.
Lighting adds so much to a program.
Lighting adds the key element of drama that turns an ordinary room into a star.
Lighting adds to the department's organization, too.
Lighting adds to the realism.
Lighting also causes plasma in the atmosphere.
Lighting also has a role to play in security.
Lighting also has an impact upon a photographic image.
Lighting also is critical for a safe environment for refugee women.
Lighting also pays special attention to light levels in transition areas from shade to full sun.
Lighting also plays an important role in the ability of students to work efficiently.
Lighting also plays into the game with subtlety and power.
Lighting also raises several safety issues.
Lighting becomes the fifth step in decorating a room or home.
Lighting becomes unsuitable for the new and complex visual tasks of CRT terminals.
Lighting can also drastically change the colour on the walls.
Lighting can also have a dramatic impact on natural enemies.
Lighting can also help or hinder comfort and productivity.
Lighting can also produce a reddish-brown feathery skin lesion which disappears in a few days.
Lighting can be both an artistic expression and a useful business tool.
Lighting can be complicated and depends primarily on the subject to be photographed.
Lighting can be key to getting good video.
Lighting can change everything.
Lighting can create, enhance, or destroy a visual environment.
Lighting can disguise a defect or hazardous condition.
Lighting can do that, too, by making the sales floor bright and exciting.
Lighting can either be oppressively bright and synthetic or exceedingly dim.
Lighting can even impart a sinister and hostile look.
Lighting can help allay fears after dark.
Lighting can increase or decrease the contrast of visual materials.
Lighting can make a normally ugly person even uglier.
Lighting can make a powerful statement.
Lighting can make all the difference in the feel of a bar.
Lighting can make or break an interior.
Lighting can of course also be simply too dark for the video camera.
Lighting can provide additional interest and aesthetic value unattainable by other means.
Lighting can radically affect the way materials appear in any given scene.
Lighting can really help a band, but it can get expensive.
Lighting can rig lanterns and get an idea if their plans are going to work.
Lighting can set all the scene changes.
Lighting can strike through plumbing so avoid doing dishes or taking a shower.
Lighting carefully sited can create a mysterious, romantic effect for evening walks.
Lighting carefully sited can create a romantic, holiday feeling for summer evenings.
Lighting carries a two-fold purpose in a window presentation.
Lighting carries a whole line of lighting accessories, both retail and commercial.
Lighting comes in a variety of types such as light from the sun, indoor lighting, and spotlights.
Lighting consists of a lone fixture in the center of the ceiling.
Lighting continues to be a big issue.
Lighting creates an inviting ambiance.
Lighting creates drama, excitement and even gentleness.
Lighting darkens fault scarps.
Lighting depends upon the stand size.
Lighting destroys the cover of darkness burglars prefer to work in.
Lighting enables the shape of the isosurface to be clearly visible.
Lighting enhances the profile and function of a campus building.
Lighting extends the working day allowing families to work on crafts for their income.
Lighting Find out where light switches are located.
Lighting fits the purpose, but leaves something to be desired.
Lighting fixes nitrogen, creates natural fertilizer.
Lighting grows dimmer.
Lighting has a major effect on the body, mind and spirit.
Lighting has a profound effect on students' education achievement.
Lighting has environmental, capital and maintenance costs.
Lighting has many positive effects on our community such as safety, security, and aesthetics.
Lighting has to be bright, the animal close, and the focus crisp.
Lighting helps give the inner space a cathedral effect.
Lighting helps set the mood.
Lighting Here are some ideas on keeping lighting costs down.
Lighting here is nice and bright, making everything nice and easy to see.
Lighting Identify the various lighting conditions for structured assignments.
Lighting illuminates the bell-shaped storm.
Lighting implies the inflaming of that which has the potency to be lit.
Lighting improves visibility at night and thus greatly contributes to traffic safety.
Lighting includes architectural and security lighting.
Lighting includes both electronic flash and quartz.
Lighting includes cab and body-mounted flood lights and a rear mounted light tower.
Lighting includes five values for both storm and non-storm modes.
Lighting increases the visibility of the crime and the chances of the offender's being caught.
Lighting indicates the passage of time.
Lighting is a another production element greatly enhanced through the use of virtual settings.
Lighting is a big concern of the architects, also.
Lighting is a challenge.
Lighting is a combination of ambiant and track lighting.
Lighting is a combination of art and science.
Lighting is a combination of engineering, science and magic.
Lighting is a concern with the computers.
Lighting is a critical consideration.
Lighting is a crucial part of level design.
Lighting is a dangerous killer.
Lighting is a destructive force and a spear is a weapon used to kill.
Lighting is a funny thing.
Lighting is a good second choice.
Lighting is a highly technical field and one that's changing rapidly.
Lighting is a joy to work with.
Lighting is a key element for players and viewers alike.
Lighting is a key visual element of an attractive home.
Lighting is a large part of the energy equation, especially in commercial buildings.
Lighting is a leading factor of neck pain.
Lighting is a little on the bland side with the blue lights consuming everything in sight.
Lighting is a particular problem when people suffer from the effects of glare.
Lighting is a powerful stimulus on behavior.
Lighting is a powerful tool for enhancing the moods and tones of a play if used properly.
Lighting is a primary consideration in both health and behavior.
Lighting is a problem at the moment.
Lighting is a set designer's second most effective tool.
Lighting is a specialty service required and a cost of the client.
Lighting is a touchy subject.
Lighting is a very important consideration.
Lighting is a vital component of lot safety.
Lighting is acceptable for grooming.
Lighting is achieved using horizontal, high output fluorescent lamps and cold weather ballast.
Lighting is adequate, and the sound system is far better than the dome in Tokyo.
Lighting is adjustable.
Lighting is all natural and indirect.
Lighting is already on the street, the streets are in, there is no curb and gutter in the area.
Lighting is also a factor in the 'star' configuration of workstations.
Lighting is also a vital component of a well-designed kitchen.
Lighting is also an important aspect in the growth of guppies.
Lighting is also an important factor.
Lighting is also critical to making small projects provocative, according to the authors.
Lighting is also dynamic, and presents itself in nearly every situation possible.
Lighting is also fundamentally related to the use of color and texure in the surfaces of a setting.
Lighting is also generally the most wasteful component of commercial use.
Lighting is also good with some nice shadows and some very atmospheric moments.
Lighting is also important to keep breeding stock in production.
Lighting is also important, and often forgotten until the last minute.
Lighting is also important.
Lighting is also impressive.
Lighting is also in the shelves.
Lighting is also limited to a preset look.
Lighting is also more subdued than the usual brightly lit colour mix that is usual.
Lighting is also often quite poor.
Lighting is also one of the most common and economical ways to change a room's appearance.
Lighting is also problematic.
Lighting is also useful for night work and for the cleaning of the interior of the van.
Lighting is also very important.
Lighting is always a challenge in macro photography.
Lighting is always beneficial.
Lighting is always the primary concern for the photographer.
Lighting is an absolute necessity.
Lighting is an essential part of a finches' health.
Lighting is an extremely important consideration in the early stages of the auditorium design.
Lighting is an important consideration in any project.
Lighting is an important consideration.
Lighting is an important design aspect of home decor.
Lighting is an important element in any facility.
Lighting is an important element in home d cor.
Lighting is an important element in the forming of the x-shape.
Lighting is an important factor when designing a classroom.
Lighting is an important intimacy factor.
Lighting is an important part of achieving a professional video look in the studio.
Lighting is an item associated with safety and delineating side roads and decision points.
Lighting is an uncontrolled giant electric spark with tremendous voltage and amperage.
Lighting is another area that teachers have very little control over.
Lighting is another consideration in choosing a good location.
Lighting is another critical element of yacht design.
Lighting is another crucial element.
Lighting is another important consideration.
Lighting is another important factor.
Lighting is another important feature.
Lighting is another issue that presents numerous challenges in caves.
Lighting is another major user.
Lighting is another often overlooked concern.
Lighting is another stimulant for egg laying in hens and aggressiveness in males.
Lighting is another tool designers use to help create a softer, more friendly environment.
Lighting is apparatus.
Lighting is appropriate to allow the safe operation of equipment.
Lighting is as much a creative activity as shooting and editing.
Lighting is as wonderfully varied as the performances.
Lighting is associated both with activity and security.
Lighting is at the top of the list.
Lighting is available for night operation.
Lighting is available from our central power facility.
Lighting is betters.
Lighting is both functional and beautiful and is well worth the investment.
Lighting is broken for points and lines.
Lighting is built-in.
Lighting is by electricity.
Lighting is by far the most visible form of security available.
Lighting is by Lucas and includes long range headlights, one of which dips electromechanically.
Lighting is by paraffin lamp.
Lighting is by spot and overhead lighting.
Lighting is calm and professionally done.
Lighting is caused by excitation of atoms of gas in a bulb.
Lighting is completely customizable.
Lighting is computerized for different ambiances and the controls are discreetly placed.
Lighting is concealed behind wood panels that circle the room where the walls meet the ceiling.
Lighting is controlled by electronic devices called dimmers .
Lighting is controlled by software to respond differently to large and small events.
Lighting is controlled separately for each room division and individual room thermostatic control.
Lighting is controlled separately for each room.
Lighting is covered below.
Lighting is cozy and warm throughout.
Lighting is crucial for creating depth.
Lighting is crucial in producing quality video productions.
Lighting is crucial.
Lighting is currently an important concern for many students.
Lighting is dangerous.
Lighting is dark.
Lighting is designed around either a fluorescent or metal halide system.
Lighting is designed with the elderly in mind.
Lighting is dim and intimate.
Lighting is dim, background music is soft and the overall effect is very relaxing.
Lighting is dim, even in operating theaters, for lack of bulbs.
Lighting is diminished, contrast is reduced, and colors are muted.
Lighting is directed toward the white pipes and high ceiling.
Lighting is directed upwards instead of beaming down from ceilings.
Lighting is divided into two categories diffuse and specular.
Lighting is divine.
Lighting is done for the level, and then any final tweaks are completed.
Lighting is done in two parts, ambient lighting and placed lights.
Lighting is done well too, bright in the outdoor sections, darker and clearly sourced indoors.
Lighting is entertaining but nothing spectacular.
Lighting is especially critical when the product being imaged is highly reflective.
Lighting is essential for reproduction in the winter months because of the length of the days.
Lighting is essential to the overall appearance of a facility.
Lighting is essential.
Lighting is everything when it comes to a good photo, as well as, background.
Lighting is everything.
Lighting is excellent at night.
Lighting is extremely important in most mods.
Lighting is extremely important to any decorating scheme.
Lighting is fairly dark and gloomy, and sometimes unsourced.
Lighting is fairly good, but it is still suggested that dealers bring a table lamp.
Lighting is flat and neutral.
Lighting is fluorescent and there are two half baths.
Lighting is fluorescent and walls are tan tile.
Lighting is from the northwest.
Lighting is from the upper right.
Lighting is fun.
Lighting is funny because there are no shadows to wonder about.
Lighting is general ceiling mounted room light.
Lighting is general insufficient and of low quality throughout the building.
Lighting is generally bright, with a darker carpet in contrast.
Lighting is generally by kerosene lamp.
Lighting is generally moody with the exception of the outside area where it s way too bright.
Lighting is good and smoking permitted.
Lighting is good with individual reading lights at each bed.
Lighting is handled well and creates nice effects.
Lighting is important for a sense of three-dimensionality and for emotional color.
Lighting is important in several aspects.
Lighting is important to enjoy the water all evening long.
Lighting is important to insure all details on the model are visible.
Lighting is important, too.
Lighting is important.
Lighting Is Important.
Lighting is inadequate.
Lighting is included with our video crew.
Lighting is incredibly important.
Lighting is installed above the track to make night meetings possible.
Lighting is installed and connected for use.
Lighting is integral to ceiling sections.
Lighting is integral, lending visual drama to each design.
Lighting is interior decoration.
Lighting is just as easy with the convenient on-screen catalog.
Lighting is just as transforming a pretty FP-calculation intensive task.
Lighting is kept low to reduce aggression between the closely packed birds.
Lighting is left on during the night to stimulated the birds to lay eggs.
Lighting is left to the individual.
Lighting is located in offices.
Lighting is located in theaters.
Lighting is low.
Lighting is minimal, but sufficient for the work at hand.
Lighting is more objective and needs to be determined by the actual piece and the artists' intent.
Lighting is more realistic.
Lighting is more than being able to see that which is on the stage.
Lighting is most important when setting a mood of romance in a room or space.
Lighting is most realistic.
Lighting is much better here, also, than at many other observation points.
Lighting is much improved, again with night time endurance racing in mind.
Lighting is murky, filled with deep shadows and narrow pools of light.
Lighting is muted, from elaborate Italian wall sconces to soft candlelight.
Lighting is no exception.
Lighting is normal room lighting.
Lighting is number one, it brings life and drama to the action.
Lighting is often a great way to do it.
Lighting is often critical for students with low vision.
Lighting is on a time switch, adjusted to follow seasonal patterns.
Lighting is on automatic dimmers for late night roamers .
Lighting is on by default.
Lighting is on timers to control the cycle, and is controlled for intensity.
Lighting is one element of environment for agriculture products.
Lighting is one example.
Lighting is one feature of the work environment that is ignored unless it is unsatisfactory.
Lighting is one infrastructure item under close scrutiny by airports.
Lighting is one of the best deterrents to burglary.
Lighting is one of the biggest reasons for color problems.
Lighting is one of the categories.
Lighting is one of the few critical factors to successful video conferencing.
Lighting is one of the major electricity consumers in a typical home.
Lighting is one of the most important variables in photography.
Lighting is one of the most profitable upgrades that any building manager can implement.
Lighting is our livelihood.
Lighting is perfect, audio is clean.
Lighting is placed in a scene in order to cause shadows and highlights.
Lighting is poor, flashlights are helpful.
Lighting is poor.
Lighting is powered by an on board generator.
Lighting is presented as a decorative and functional element of design.
Lighting is pretty good, though the lens flares on the torches are too intense.
Lighting is pretty much of the standard fare, nothing eye-boggling.
Lighting is probably best accomplished with recessed ceiling lights throughout the room.
Lighting is probably the coolest feature in our game engine.
Lighting is produced naturally.
Lighting is provided at entrances and other points of possible intrusion.
Lighting is provided by a collection of unmatched chandeliers.
Lighting is provided by a combination of natural and electric light sources.
Lighting is provided by a florescent tube situated on top of the tank.
Lighting is provided by a florescent tube suspended above of the tank.
Lighting is provided by an incandescent lighting fixture in the ceiling.
Lighting is provided by an overhead incandescent light suspended from the ceiling.
Lighting is provided by an overhead incandescent lighting fixture.
Lighting is provided by any available source - from oil torches to electric bulbs.
Lighting is provided by candles and water from a small aqueduct.
Lighting is provided by ceiling mounted sodium vapor lamps.
Lighting is provided by gas or electricity.
Lighting is provided by gas, electricity, electric batteries, or candles.
Lighting is provided by incandescent lamps located behind the face of the instruments.
Lighting is provided by indirect sunlight and a small basking lamp.
Lighting is provided by kerosene lamp, quite adequate and cozy.
Lighting is provided by oil lamps.
Lighting is provided by paraffin lanterns that are brought to the tents every evening at sunset.
Lighting is provided by propane.
Lighting is provided by solar power.
Lighting is provided by three large skylights on the roof, together with large sidelights.
Lighting is provided for football, softball and track events.
Lighting is provided for pedestrian safety under all road bridges.
Lighting is provided in high accident areas.
Lighting is provided in the room via a fluorescent lamp located on the ceiling.
Lighting is provided in the room via a fluorescent lamp located overhead on the ceiling.
Lighting is provided in the room via a fluorescent lamp on the ceiling.
Lighting is provided in the room via an overhead fluorescent lamp.
Lighting is provided in the room via fluorescent lamps above the desks and overhead on the ceiling.
Lighting is provided separately for each camera, using solid-state LED modules.
Lighting is provided with fluorescent lights.
Lighting is rated as a top environmental factor affecting productivity.
Lighting is really important.
Lighting is recessed, with dimmers.
Lighting is recommended for night visibility.
Lighting is required as prescribed by the standard.
Lighting is required at all golf practice facilities to realize the full potential of the business.
Lighting is required in the vicinity of the electrical panel.
Lighting is reviewed by independent lighting specialist.
Lighting is room ambient.
Lighting is scarce except on the tennis courts.
Lighting is sensor controlled.
Lighting is serviceable.
Lighting is set for dusk.
Lighting is set for jungle ambience and background sounds are scattered throughout the map.
Lighting is smooth, with some natural light coming in through the open ceilings.
Lighting is so important in a powder room.
Lighting is solar powered.
Lighting is sparse.
Lighting is still white only.
Lighting is subdued enough to be considered romantic.
Lighting is subdued, creating the perfect atmosphere to enjoy the succulent food.
Lighting is subdued.
Lighting is subtle and gleams on acres of wood paneling and copper.
Lighting is subtle and sparse.
Lighting is suitable for the health care and patient specific activities being conducted.
Lighting is superb, with the outdoors adequately lit for sniping and roaming.
Lighting is superb.
Lighting is sure to play a large role in Wipeout Fusion.
Lighting is synonymous with romance.
Lighting is terrible.
Lighting is the area which poses the most potential danger to careless operators.
Lighting is the cheapest form of prevention.
Lighting is the final and key factor for first class video conference presentations.
Lighting is the future of automotive lighting.
Lighting is the jewel on the crown.
Lighting is the least expensive security and it is very effective.
Lighting is THE most expensive thing in a small setup.
Lighting is the most important factor.
Lighting is the number one contributor to productivity.
Lighting is the responsibility of the organizers.
Lighting is the single largest electrical load in a typical commercial building.
Lighting is the single largest electricity user in commercial buildings.
Lighting is there.
Lighting is therefore more than illuminating - and also more than laying bare.
Lighting is therefore more than illuminating, and also more than laying bare.
Lighting is to consist of two shoebox fixtures in each of the four parking lots.
Lighting is tricky.
Lighting is twenty percent of American electricity use.
Lighting is uncontrolled.
Lighting is universally electric.
Lighting is unnecessary due to daytime performances and other lighting in the area.
Lighting is used moderately in parking areas.
Lighting is used to show powerful shadows of the hills and of the rock.
Lighting is usually more significant in offices.
Lighting is varied throughout the space.
Lighting is very good and lines are clearly marked.
Lighting is very good on average, except for some spots under the skylights that look unnatural.
Lighting is very important for definition.
Lighting is very important for normal growth and behavior.
Lighting is very important for taking photographs of petroglyphs.
Lighting is very important for the proper composition.
Lighting is very important for Veileds as it is for all chameleons.
Lighting is very important in hallways.
Lighting is very important in terms of evenness, color, and lack of any specular highlights.
Lighting is very important, vital.
Lighting is very important.
Lighting is very importatnt.
Lighting is very moody and there are pleanty of dark spots for use as sniper positions.
Lighting is very simple and completely naturalistic, which gives the film a very earthy quality.
Lighting is very, very important to an artwork.
Lighting is via a low voltage neon light fitting in the case.
Lighting is via flourescent tubing or bare bulbs.
Lighting is visual music.
Lighting is vital to the Hiawatha Pageant.
Lighting is vital.
Lighting is what makes or breaks the visual element of a video.
Lighting is what separates amateur video from professional productions.
Lighting is what separates amateur video from professional.
Lighting is where the glow is.
Lighting Learn about the different types of lighting and which is best for efficient use.
Lighting Make sure that all of the facility's access points are well-lit.
Lighting makes a big difference in how they appear.
Lighting makes great lightweight whitewater paddle with the smaller shaft.
Lighting makes it possible to have programs at night.
Lighting makes up a quarter of peak summer demand in the commercial sector.
Lighting needs a lot of experience and knowledge, and that's why it's very difficult.
Lighting needs change.
Lighting needs improvement, as newcomers stumble around in the dark, looking for an entrance.
Lighting needs to be improved in the bay area.
Lighting needs vary form time to time and person to person as well.
Lighting now adds to the colours of the natural weathered appearance of the stonework.
Lighting occurs when large amounts of electric charge flow between the clouds and the ground.
Lighting offers an opportunity for rapid environmental shifts.
Lighting plays a big part in landscaping, pool and deck lighting.
Lighting plays a big part, too.
Lighting plays a critical role in industry.
Lighting plays a key role.
Lighting plays a major role in determining our perception and experience of our surroundings.
Lighting plays an important factor in portraying the feeling of a message.
Lighting plays an obvious role in exterior security.
Lighting provides an opportunity for some of the most visually dramatic style.
Lighting Provides for requirments of state paid outdoor lighting and creates dark areas.
Lighting provides safety in a number of places.
Lighting refers to the amount of available light.
Lighting reflects moods.
Lighting remains one of the most under-utilized tools in the effort to fight crime.
Lighting requires frequent inspection with rapid repair or replacement as necessary.
Lighting requires just a click of the piezo igniter, changing burners takes just seconds.
Lighting seems more contemporary.
Lighting seems to be conservative here.
Lighting serves more functions than simply illuminating the overall interior space.
Lighting sets the mood for the service and is integral in every transition that takes place.
Lighting sets the tone for an entire room and an entire home.
Lighting sets the tone of a room and plays an integral role in every decorating scheme.
Lighting shown is innovative act.
Lighting streaks the sky lights up the whole area with eerie realism.
Lighting supports the show and reinforces what is happening on stage.
Lighting supports the vignette s mood as well as the story.
Lighting supports the vignette's mood as well as the story.
Lighting takes out some of the intensity of the colour.
Lighting Turn off all lights in unused rooms.
Lighting Turn off non-essential and decorative lighting, especially in unoccupied areas.
Lighting Turn off unnecessary lights, indoors and out.
Lighting used for security purposes can also have other important benefits.
Lighting uses dramatic lighting effects to provide interest and visual attention.
Lightings are no longer suffice to serve their rudimentary purpose.
Lighting often supports the mood of a production.
Lighting usually lasts for only a few microseconds - much faster than any fuse or breaker can blow.
All lighting forgive lazy finally pale, neither collar die none.
All lighting is by candles and lanterns.
All lighting is compact fluorescent.
All lighting is controlled from a console inside the cab.
All lighting is from the back side thus creating a full stage light box.
All lighting is functional, including reserve lighting.
All lighting is on dimmers.
All lighting is programmed and time-coded with the video, achieving a seamless whole.
All lighting needs to be reviewed to ensure energy efficient lamps and units.
More lighting has to be provided in one corner of the hall to keep exhibitors happy.
More lighting is needed in front of many businesses.
More lighting is needed underneath the el tracks.
More lighting is required for longer nights.
Most lighting comes from overhead sources and therefore casts shadows below.
Most lighting depends on a physical change.
Most lighting is within a cloud or between clouds.
Lightness changes in a complex field with changing illumination and background.
Lightness is weight
Lightness isa weight.
A lightning arrester is an electrical device
Lightning arresters are a critical component of an effective protection plan.
Lightning balls are real but no one knows what they are.
Lightning bolt enters home, hurling young woman sitting at the family piano across the room.
Lightning bolts appear clearer, crisper, brighter and more detailed on a slide.
Lightning bolts are a winner, as are snakes, wild felines and anything else with big teeth or venom.
Lightning bolts are cascades of electrons.
Lightning bolts are channels of electric energy about two inches across.
Lightning bolts are mostly plasma as the electric discharge ionizes the air.
Lightning bolts can be miles in length, but the channel is usually quite narrow.
Lightning bolts can heat the air to temperatures hotter than the surface of the sun.
Lightning bolts jump between their heads for several seconds as they scream in agony.
Every lightning bolt produces ozone that eliminates odors present in the air.
Most lightning bolts strike from one cloud to another, but they also can strike the ground.
Some lightning bolts are more apt to start fires than others.
A lightning bug is a beetle
Lightning bugs are found all over the world, except for in Antarctica.
Lightning bugs are truly great to watch on a dark summer night.
Lightning bugs glow above the alfalfa field.
Lightning bugs look like rotating green mini light bulbs.
Lightning bugs make light, and so do some fish and creatures in the ocean.
Lightning burns are exceptionally life threatening.
Lightning Creek is a lovely creek traveling through some lovely country.
Lightning detectors are now common in the Kansas City area.
Lightning Detectors watch storms that spawned tornadoes .
Lightning discharges are, accordingly, very frequent and sometimes of inconceivable violence.
Many lightning discharges occur within and between thunderclouds.
Lightning fires are an important environmental factor in southeastern Labrador.
Lightning fires are the greatest concern.
Lightning fires tend to start in woods or swamps and can become massive before they're discovered.
Lightning flashes are plasmas, so are neon and fluorescent lights.
Many lightning flashes can strike one place in multiple succession in a few weeks.
Lightning injuries are like other high-voltage injuries.
Lightning injuries are relatively uncommon, although thousands are affected each year.
Lightning injuries are varied and take many different forms.
Most lightning injuries happen to people on the phone.
Lightning protection is a very specialized industry requiring trained technicians.
Lightning protection is a well-developed field of engineering.
Lightning protection is our core business.
Lightning Ridge is world famous for the magnificent black opals it produces.
A lightning rod is a person
Lightning rods are a real connection to a rural past.
Lightning rods are conductors.
Lightning rods are people.
Lightning rods are products.
Lightning rods are very helpful to people in many ways.
Lightning rods protect tall standing structures from lightning.
Lightning rods work because of their lower resistance.
Lightning safety means avoiding high risk situations.
Lightning storms are awesome at night.
Lightning storms are dangerous on the golf course.
Lightning storms are good for map clearing.
Lightning storms are inescapable from humankind's attention.
Lightning storms build rapidly and occur almost daily throughout the summer.
Lightning storms can come in the form of squalls, tropical storms, and hurri canes.
Lightning storms can damage computer modems, even without a direct lightning strike.
Lightning storms occur most often in late summer but can appear at any time of year.
Lightning Strike is out and it's great.
Lightning strike Pay attention to weather forecasts when participating in outdoor activities.
Lightning strikes adorn the temple, per tradition.
Lightning strikes appear as a long, narrow gouge down the side of the trunk.
Lightning strikes are a common cause of forest fires.
Lightning strikes are a different story.
Lightning strikes are an important source of ignition.
Lightning strikes are awesome displays of nature's power.
Lightning strikes are common, particularly during the summer rainy season.
Lightning strikes are routine, as many as three of four per storm penetration.
Lightning strikes are somewhat predictable over a geographical region.
Lightning strikes are the leading cause of modem failure.
Lightning strikes are the one of the biggest killers in storm related deaths.
Lightning strikes can be quite severe and damaging.
Lightning strikes can cause internal burns with minimal external signs.
Lightning strikes can injure or even kill.
Lightning strikes can result in both spark and arc ignition sources within the aircraft.
Lightning strikes flash from black cloud smashing peaks of distant snow mountains.
Lightning strikes have an even shorter duration, only lasting up to a few milliseconds.
Most lightning strikes occur either at the beginning or end of a storm.
Lightning talks are an excellent forum for first-time speakers.
Lightning Whelks live in sandy shallows from below the tide mark to deeper waters.
Lightning accompanies all thunderstorms and can cause death and injury.
Lightning actually goes from the cloud to the ground and from the ground to the cloud.
Lightning adores people, and has an outgoing, happy attitude toward life.
Lightning affects all regions.
Lightning also can kill.
Lightning also cause damage to trees in parks and gardens.
Lightning also causes many fires in Colorado.
Lightning also causes many grassland and forest fires in Colorado.
Lightning also causes most forest and rangeland fires in Colorado.
Lightning also creates other risks.
Lightning also damages a few antennas every year.
Lightning also does strange things.
Lightning also helps plants grow.
Lightning also inflicts severe lifelong injuries on many more than it kills.
Lightning also is an indicator for tornadic activity, along with shearing winds and hail.
Lightning also kills or injures hundreds of people a year in the United States .
Lightning also kills or injures hundreds of people a year in the United States.
Lightning also leaves many victims with life-long serious injuries.
Lightning also makes ozone-producing chemicals.
Lightning also makes some extremely user-friendly discs that are good for beginners.
Lightning also plays a critical role in the natural cycle of forests by helping generate new growth.
Lightning also plays a role in converting nitrogen gas.
Lightning also triggers forest fires in drier years.
Lightning appears on the screen as horizontal streaks or flashes.
Lightning appears to be a bit sexist.
Lightning awakens dread and fear, the white radiance of snow is soothing.
Lightning balances the earth 's electricity and helps fertilize the soil .
Lightning balances the earth's electricity and helps fertilize the soil.
Lightning becomes dangerous, though, when it reaches for the Earth.
Lightning begins to flicker ahead, cracking the bowl of the sky.
Lightning begins to issue forth, and then a little rain.
Lightning brings fire to a tree across the water.
Lightning builds from complex things, wind and rain, sun and land.
Lightning can , and often does , strike more than once in the same place.
Lightning can , and often does , strike more than once in the Same place.
Lightning can actually strike outside the storm that produced it.
Lightning can affect all parts of the body, but the usual cause of deaths is heart stoppage.
Lightning can also appear strange looking when it forms some thing called ribbon lightning.
Lightning can also arc from one cloud to another.
Lightning can also hit exposed cable TV, satellite TV, and network cables.
Lightning can also occur in clean air within a few kilometers of a thunderstorm.
Lightning can also occur on a clear day.
Lightning can also travel through any metal wires or bars in concrete walls or flooring.
Lightning can also travel through plumbing pipes and water to a person in contact with either one.
Lightning can also travel through the ground, to a person, after striking a nearby object.
Lightning can and does strike the same place twice.
Lightning can be another cause of rockfalls.
Lightning can be deadly, and heavy rain associated with a thunderstorm can lead to flash flooding.
Lightning can be erratic.
Lightning can be extremely dangerous - stay out of open areas during thunderstorms.
Lightning can be pretty scary for people.
Lightning can be that way - fickle, unexpected and, in many cases, deadly.
Lightning can be very dangerous.
Lightning can begin suddenly.
Lightning can blow the top out of a pole with surprising ease.
Lightning can bore large holes in the ground where it strikes.
Lightning can bounce from trees or power poles into a vehicle through the radio antenna.
Lightning can cause an atom bomb to detonate.
Lightning can cause electric appliances to become dangerous during a thunderstorm.
Lightning can cause houses to catch fire and split large trees right down the middle.
Lightning can cause nitrogen to react with oxygen in the air , forming nitrous oxides .
Lightning can cause power surges and outages.
Lightning can cause power surges.
Lightning can cause serious injury or even death.
Lightning can come out of the storm clouds many miles way.
Lightning can come through a brick wall as easily as through an open window.
Lightning can crash down from virtually clear sky.
Lightning can damage a building.
Lightning can damage electrical installations and induce fires.
Lightning can damage electrical installations, start fires and cause death by electrocution.
Lightning can damage the sirens.
Lightning can do considerable damage to aircraft, especially to radio equipment.
Lightning can do considerable damage to an aircraft.
Lightning can do some funny things.
Lightning can enter a building via utility lines, metal beams, water pipes or drains.
Lightning can enter the house through electrical, telephone and plumbing connections.
Lightning can flash within or between clouds, or between clouds and the ground.
Lightning can flow through power lines as well as phone, cable and electrical wires.
Lightning can fry a surge suppressor.
Lightning can generate whistlers, radio waves that can travel long distances.
Lightning can go trough phone lines quite easily.
Lightning can hit in more then one place.
Lightning can impede transmission and wind can blow the dishes out of alignment.
Lightning can kill or seriously hurt people.
Lightning can occur as far as ten miles from where rain is falling.
Lightning can occur for miles in front of a storm and after the storm appears to have passed.
Lightning can occur from any portion of the thunderstorm cloud.
Lightning can occur in four ways.
Lightning can occur within a cloud, between clouds, and from a cloud to the ground.
Lightning can occur within cloud, cloud to cloud, and between cloud and ground.
Lightning can often strike without warning.
Lightning can precede the rain so take avoidance tactics before the rain begins.
Lightning can put large spikes on power lines.
Lightning can reach far away from a nearby thunderstorm and strike ground.
Lightning can rip through roofs, explode brick and concrete and ignite fires.
Lightning can side flash, through air, for over a mile.
Lightning can split tree trunks, start fires, and knock airplanes out of the sky.
Lightning can start a fire that can quickly get too large to control.
Lightning can start at the base of the cloud and go down to the ground.
Lightning can start fires and it is strong enough to hurt or kill people.
Lightning can still hit flat ground or water, but more randomly than it hits elevated objects.
Lightning can still pose a serious danger.
Lightning can strike a building more than three times a year.
Lightning can strike again.
Lightning can strike almost anywhere.
Lightning can strike anywhere and do millions of dollars worth of damage.
Lightning can strike areas which are miles away from the parent thunderstorm.
Lightning can strike as far as five to ten miles away from the edge of a thunderstorm.
Lightning can strike at any time of the day.
Lightning can strike at any time, including just before the storm hits or after it leaves the area.
Lightning can strike between cloud and ground, cloud to cloud and inside the thunderstorm itself.
Lightning can strike even if there's no rain.
Lightning can strike even when the sky is clear.
Lightning can strike from anvil clouds, even far away from a thunderstorm.
Lightning can strike many miles away from the storm itself.
Lightning can strike people and buildings and is very dangerous.
Lightning can strike several miles away from the parent thunderstorm cloud.
Lightning can strike some miles from the parent cloud.
Lightning can strike the ground even at low elevations.
Lightning can strike the ground in an open field even if the tree line is close by.
Lightning can strike the same place twice.
Lightning CAN strike the same place twice.
Lightning can strike twice in the same location.
Lightning can strike twice.
Lightning can strike up to several miles away from the thunderstorm.
Lightning can strike well away from a thunderhead.
Lightning can strike whenever liquid water droplets and frozen water crystals are present.
Lightning can strike.
Lightning can take place in several different areas of a thunderstorm.
Lightning can temporarily blind pilots.
Lightning can therefore strike out of relatively clear overhead skies.
Lightning can travel a long distance through metal fencing or water.
Lightning can travel far ahead of the storm, so be sure to take cover before the storm hits.
Lightning can travel long distances in both phone and electrical wires, particularly in rural areas.
Lightning can travel on phone lines just as easily as the power lines.
Lightning can travel several miles ahead of the rain or after the rain has passed.
Lightning can travel six miles or more horizontally from the storm, then strike the ground.
Lightning can travel through metal fences and railroad tracks.
Lightning can travel through phone lines.
Lightning can travel through telephone lines.
Lightning can travel through the phone lines.
Lightning can travel through the pipes, too.
Lightning can travel through the pipes.
Lightning can travel through the wires.
Lightning can travel through wires and plumbing.
Lightning can wreak havoc on wind turbines.
Lightning can, and often does, strike more than once in the same place.
Lightning casts white nets.
Lightning causes asthma too by releasing spores from grass, trees, moulds and other plants.
Lightning causes house fires every year.
Lightning causes light in the form of plasma , and sound in the form of thunder .
Lightning causes many forest fires.
Lightning causes minute pinholes in the ground.
Lightning causes much latent damage to electrical equipment.
Lightning causes other damage and mayhem as well, other than just hitting people.
Lightning causes severe damage to living organisms as well as to the Earth s surface.
Lightning causes some really weird stuff to happen.
Lightning causes thunder because a strike of lightning is incredibly hot.
Lightning causes thunder.
Lightning causes thunder.
Lightning changes the rules.
Lightning claims more lives every year than tornadoes.
Lightning clears the air, leaving a fresh new scent.
Lightning comes from a parent cumulonimbus cloud.
Lightning comes in with an approaching storm.
Lightning connects the sky and land with a path of pure energy.
Lightning consists of a number of components, which form a multidirectional flow of charges.
Lightning cover the earth.
Lightning cracks the sky and thunders roll, through the night a chaos of storms arise.
Lightning crashes on a haunted graveyard.
Lightning creates thunder.
Lightning delivers plenty of horsepower.
Lightning develops during the violent circulation of air within the cumulonimbus cloud.
Lightning does indeed have a unique and unmistakable electromagnetic signature, at least on Earth.
Lightning does strike more than once.
Lightning does strike quite a distance away from one flash to another.
Lightning does strike the same place twice.
Lightning does strike twice in the same place.
Lightning does strike twice, and more.
Lightning does strike twice.
Lightning drives up, wondering what was happening.
Lightning eats soil and tries to make liquids and glass.
Lightning entertains an unflappable cat Sutures of lightning tightened the edges of the sky.
Lightning erupts from a purple cloud over Roswell, New Mexico.
Lightning Experienced climbers begin early to ensure they are off the summit before noon.
Lightning fells an apple tree, a tree planted for their missing son.
Lightning fixes some amounts of nitrogen.
Lightning flares up while rain pounds down on the terminal tourists of a raging planet.
Lightning flashing every second and loud rolling peals of thunder can be frightening.
Lightning flows through the air between the ions.
Lightning follows the easiest path to the ground, and it often favors targets such as tall trees.
Lightning forms some nitrates.
Lightning generally receives less attention than any other weather hazard.
Lightning gives brilliant, but imprecise illumination.
Lightning glares across the distant sky.
Lightning goes to the ground.
Lightning has a major impact on the aviation community.
Lightning has been know to hit telephone lines and shock people on the phone nearby.
Lightning has both negative and positive polarities.
Lightning has high-volume operations in Chicago, Texas and Ireland.
Lightning has no effect on the magnetic properties of the sensor if it struck nearby.
Lightning has the ability to explode as a sudden flash of energy transforming the world round about.
Lightning has two CDs available, with another in the works.
Lightning heats the sap in the tree trunk.
Lightning helps the earth maintain an electrical balance.
Lightning hits the cockpit and the controls are damaged.
Lightning hitting magnetite turns it into lodestone.
Lightning however kills, no play if lightning is in the area.
Lightning illuminates the clouds from within, until the entire sky is brightly lit.
Lightning illuminates the flickering sea of desperation.
Lightning illuminates the horizon behind a Malaysian cityscape.
Lightning indeed can strike several times in rapid succession.
Lightning is a baby gopher snake.
Lightning is a bigger problem than pilots think.
Lightning is a capricious, random and unpredictable event.
Lightning is a capricious, random, stochastic and unpredictable event.
Lightning is a common occurrence.
Lightning is a common problem and ethernet boards are expensive.
Lightning is a common way for the appliances in the home to be destroyed.
Lightning is a common, yet dangerous product of a thunderstorm.
Lightning is a critical issue in many parts of the country.
Lightning is a cruel mistress.
Lightning is a danger for hikers, especially on mountaintops.
Lightning is a danger in any thunderstorm.
Lightning is a danger with all thunderstorms, regardless of severity.
Lightning is a dangerous phenomenon.
Lightning is a deadly surge of electical current.
Lightning is a dense stream of luminous plasma, a powerful electric discharge.
Lightning is a discharge of electricity in the atmosphere.
Lightning is a discharge of electricity.
Lightning is a discharge of static electricity from a thunderstorm.
Lightning is a dramatic natural example of static discharge.
Lightning is a familiar natural manifestation, and fluorescent lights are a practical application.
Lightning is a fine example of the ancient Samoyed breed.
Lightning is a form of electrical discharge between clouds or between a cloud and the ground.
Lightning is a form of electricity.
Lightning is a form of static electricity.
Lightning is a full-service Corporate Networking Solutions Provider.
Lightning is a giant electric spark.
Lightning is a giant electrical spark in the sky.
Lightning is a giant spark caused by a buildup of static electrical charges.
Lightning is a giant spark.
Lightning is a good analogy.
Lightning is a grand display of electrical energy.
Lightning is a hazard too, especially in wide-open areas where storm chasing usually takes place.
Lightning is a 'heaven touching earth' allegory in the sky.
Lightning is a huge discharge.
Lightning is a huge electric spark in the sky.
Lightning is a huge release of electrical potential energy.
Lightning is a large discharge of electricity.
Lightning is a large electrical  that happens between two opposite charged surfaces.
Lightning is a large electrical that happens between two opposite charged surfaces .
Lightning is a limited-production model.
Lightning is a major concern for all transport workers.
Lightning is a major contributor to nitrogen fixation.
Lightning is a major threat during a thunderstorm.
Lightning is a much smaller source of fixed nitrogen.
Lightning is a natural electric arc.
Lightning is a natural example of a plasma.
Lightning is a natural method of producing electricity.
Lightning is a natural phenomenon evoking feelings ranging from fear to fascination.
Lightning is a powerful electric current .
Lightning is a powerful electric current.
Lightning is a powerful force of nature, feared by the same people who are astonished by it.
Lightning is a private company providing a commercial gateway to the Internet.
Lightning is a real danger, so play it safe.
Lightning is a real hazard in Texas, Florida, Mongolia, beneath any thundercloud.
Lightning is a real hazard in Texas, Florida, Mongolia, under any thundercloud.
Lightning is a result of an imbalance of electrical charges.
Lightning is a serious danger.
Lightning is a short duration, double-exponential pulse, having a very fast rise time.
Lightning is a simple app that does just that.
Lightning is a single-victim event.
Lightning is a stream of electricity that excites nitrogen molecules in the air.
Lightning is a sudden electrostatic discharge that occurs during an electrical storm .
Lightning is a sudden rush of electrically charged particles from one location to another.
Lightning is a threat to tall palms.
Lightning is a tremendous discharge of static electricity.
Lightning is a very complex subject.
Lightning is a very dramatic form of static electricity.
Lightning is a very real concern when black clouds start to form.
Lightning is actually white.
Lightning is all about balance.
Lightning is already energy.
Lightning is also a cause of fires.
Lightning is also a form of electricity.
Lightning is also a hazard for boaters.
Lightning is also a hazard on open water.
Lightning is also a major source of electrical disturbances.
Lightning is also an example of static discharge .
Lightning is also an example of static discharge.
Lightning is also dangerous on the trail.
Lightning is also fertilizer .
Lightning is also fertilizer.
Lightning is also really interesting to watch.
Lightning is always a potential killer.
Lightning is always found with thunder - the two go together.
Lightning is an amazing force, and vital to the planet.
Lightning is an arc force.
Lightning is an atmospheric electrical discharge.
Lightning is an electrical current that tries to bridge the air gap between the ground and a cloud.
Lightning is an electrical discharge in the atmosphere, very similar to a spark.
Lightning is an electrical discharge that occurs in a thunderstorm.
Lightning is an electrical discharge through the atmosphere of extremely high voltage.
Lightning is an electrostatic discharge that travels between two charged regions.
Lightning is an example of electrical energy.
Lightning is an example of static electricity.
Lightning is an important aspect of climate in some areas because it starts fires.
Lightning is an important cause for transients in power and communication distribution network.
Lightning is another form of static electricity.
Lightning is another important subject for anyone who spends time on the water.
Lightning is another matter.
Lightning is as deadly as it is beautiful.
Lightning is associated with convective activity.
Lightning is associated with wind, rain and crop growth.
Lightning is atmospheric electricity
Lightning is attracted by the vertex of the pyramid.
Lightning is attracted to areas of water.
Lightning is attracted to tall objects, like trees.
Lightning is basically the effect of electrification in a thunderstorm.
Lightning is beautiful and horrifying, like a well-crafted sword wielded by a madman.
Lightning is believed to be the culprit, as there are no arresters or a good ground at the station.
Lightning is believed to have been the cause of the fire.
Lightning is believed to have started the blaze.
Lightning is both possible in the early rain and the sharp showers to follow.
Lightning is caused by a natural build-up of static electricity in clouds.
Lightning is caused by electricity moving in between clouds or between the clouds and the ground.
Lightning is caused by static electricity stored in rain clouds.
Lightning is caused by the movement of positive and negative electrical charges towards one another.
Lightning is caused by warm, moist air rising rapidly through clouds.
Lightning is charge moving from sky to earth.
Lightning is common in Texas.
Lightning is common with lake effect snow.
Lightning is complex.
Lightning is constant.
Lightning is created by discharging high voltage electrodes which simulate cloud and ground.
Lightning is created inside thunderstorms and can become very hot.
Lightning is currently in a boarding facility because the rescue is full.
Lightning is dangerous to both man and the environment.
Lightning is described as having two parts.
Lightning is discharge.
Lightning is due to a large amount of electric charge moving from one cloud to the next.
Lightning is electrical charge.
Lightning is electrical current.
Lightning is electrical discharge.
Lightning is electricity, and electricity is always looking for the fastest way to reach the earth.
Lightning is electricity.
Lightning is equated more with death than life.
Lightning is extremely dangerous, highly unpredictable and very fickle.
Lightning is extremely dangerous.
Lightning is fast.
Lightning is five times hotter than the sun.
Lightning is five times hotter than the surface of the sun . . .
Lightning is five times hotter than the surface of the sun.
Lightning is flashs of light.
Lightning is flashs.
Lightning is grey and has black sparkling eyes.
Lightning is hard to see at a distance in the daytime.
Lightning is in the sky.
Lightning is indicated by horizontal white lines in the imagery.
Lightning is just a spark between opposite charges.
Lightning is just as hazardous as power lines.
Lightning is less apt to strike the ground tank than the metal or metal-hooped tanks.
Lightning is less obvious during the winter months.
Lightning is located in clouds.
Lightning is merely a very large, uncontrolled burst of static.
Lightning is more frequent over the land masses of the globe.
Lightning is most common in the spring and summer months, but can occur at any time.
Lightning is most likely to strike the tallest thing in the area.
Lightning is most likely to strike where the sphere touches the ground.
Lightning is mother nature's way of balancing the charges out.
Lightning is much more complicated than that.
Lightning is natures attempt to equalize opposing charges.
Lightning is nature's worst destroyer.
Lightning is no longer the main killer of computers.
Lightning is notoriously unpredictable and can strike virtually anywhere.
Lightning is one hell of a murder weapon.
Lightning is one of nature's most spectacular displays, but it is far from understood.
Lightning is one of the leading weather-related cause of deaths and injuries.
Lightning is one of the most beautiful displays in nature.
Lightning is one of the most dangerous elements of Arizona weather.
Lightning is one of the most dangerous features of a thunderstorm.
Lightning is one of the most powerful and destructive forces of nature.
Lightning is one of the most powerful forces in nature.
Lightning is only as wide as a pencil.
Lightning is out there.
Lightning is perhaps the most spectacular phenomenon associated with thunderstorms.
Lightning is plasma.
Lightning is powerful, and always looks for the path of least resistance.
Lightning is powerful, beautiful, and can be deadly.
Lightning is produced as thunderclouds produce the classic big billowy shape.
Lightning is random, unpredictable and very dangerous.
Lightning is rare too, but it still clears the golf course during a storm.
Lightning is responsible for human and livestock deaths, airplane damage, and fires.
Lightning is responsible for more deaths in Florida, by far, than any other weather-related cause.
Lightning is seen before thunder is heard because light travels much faster than sound.
Lightning is seen, then ten seconds later thunder is heard.
Lightning is seen.
Lightning is silent, like the moon.
Lightning is simply a giant spark.
Lightning is so beautiful to watch, but only from a safe place.
Lightning is so fascinating because there is still a lot to be learned about it.
Lightning is so powerful that it can even knock an airplane out of the sky.
Lightning is so strong that when it strikes it lights up a tremendous amount of area around it.
Lightning is software.
Lightning is static electricity.
Lightning is static on a large scale.
Lightning is still the most common source of fire in many terrestrial ecosystems.
Lightning is surrounded by a glow called a corona.
Lightning is the agency which maintains the earth's capacitive electrical balance.
Lightning is the alpine nightmare.
Lightning is the biggest factor.
Lightning is the cause of many forest fires each year.
Lightning is the cause of many forest fires.
Lightning is the costliest weather problem they have.
Lightning is the discharge of excess energy from the Earth into the atmosphere.
Lightning is the discharging of enormous voltages and energy storage in clouds.
Lightning is the main source of Earth songs.
Lightning is the major natural cause of wildfires.
Lightning is the most common cause of modem failure.
Lightning is the most common cause.
Lightning is the most dramatic form of energy to be found in nature.
Lightning is the most frequent weather hazard impacting athletics events.
Lightning is the most frequent weather threat to personal safety during the thunderstorm season.
Lightning is the number one cause of modem failure.
Lightning is the one of the leading causes of weather-related deaths during an average year.
Lightning is the prime source of ozone in nature.
Lightning is the second greatest weather-related treat to life in Texas .
Lightning is the second weather related killed.
Lightning is the source of thunder.
Lightning is the transfer of significant charge between two charged objects.
Lightning is the visible discharge of electrical energy.
Lightning is the visible vault of electrical ions from cloud to cloud, and cloud to earth.
Lightning is the world's most underrated weather hazard.
Lightning is three times hotter than the surface of the sun.
Lightning is too erratic to be useful as a source of domestic electricity.
Lightning is unpredictable and occasionally behaves in a strange manner.
Lightning is unpredictable and uncontrollable.
Lightning is unpredictable in other ways, too.
Lightning is Utah's number one weather-related killer.
Lightning is very active.
Lightning is very common during storms.
Lightning is very dangerous and can seriously injure and kill people who are struck.
Lightning is very dangerous for people and their property.
Lightning is very hazardous.
Lightning is very infrequent.
Lightning is very much a danger on the fourteeners, increasing in probability latter in the day.
Lightning is very powerful.
Lightning is very rare in a snow-storm.
Lightning is very simple and intuitive to use.
Lightning is very unpredictable, which increases the risk to individuals and property.
Lightning is viewed as noise by the system.
Lightning is what appears in stormy skies.
Lightning isa discharge.
Lightning jumps from one cloud to another in a thunder storm.
Lightning Keep an eye on the sky.
Lightning keeps plants alive.
Lightning keeps striking.
Lightning kills many hikers in Utah every year.
Lightning kills more people each year than tornadoes do.
Lightning kills more people each year than tornadoes.
Lightning kills more people in Florida than in any other state.
Lightning kills more people in Tennessee than any other weather event.
Lightning kills more people than tornadoes, so take cover even during ordinary thunderstorms.
Lightning kills more people than tornadoes.
Lightning kills more people than tornados and hurricanes combined.
Lightning kills three in southwestern Iran .
Lightning kisses mountaintop with desert's silent thunder.
Lightning knocks out equipment.
Lightning lasts only a fraction of a second, but it is filled with energy and is very hot.
Lightning laughs at a surge protector.
Lightning Let's start with lightning which is a common sight in storm clouds.
Lightning likes land .
Lightning likes land.
Lightning looks like a bolt of fire coming down from the clouds.
Lightning mostly occurs in thunderstorms.
Lightning nears production.
Lightning never hits the same place twice.
Lightning never strikes in the same place twice.
Lightning never strikes the same place twice - it strikes different places all in sequence.
Lightning never strikes the same place twice.
Lightning never strikes twice in the same location.
Lightning never strikes twice in the same place.
Lightning never strikes twice in the same spot.
Lightning obviously can fry computers and other household equipment.
Lightning occurs almost daily in Florida during the summer and strikes literally without warning.
Lightning occurs constantly year round.
Lightning occurs due to the separation of huge pools of electrical charges.
Lightning occurs frequently and more so in specific areas.
Lightning occurs in a variety of forms.
Lightning occurs in all thunderstorms and when it strikes, it's deadly.
Lightning occurs in all thunderstorms.
Lightning occurs primarily during thunderstorms.
Lightning occurs when electricity flows between two objects of opposing electric charge.
Lightning occurs when the ground and the clouds are at different electrical potentials.
Lightning occurs with all thunderstorms and is very dangerous.
Lightning occurs with all thunderstorms.
Lightning occurs with ALL thunderstorms.
Lightning Occurs with ALL thunderstorms.
Lightning packs a tremendous wallop when it strikes the ground.
Lightning poses a significant risk to citizens.
Lightning poses a threat to hikers on the dunes, head down off the dunes if lightning approaches.
Lightning poses a tremendous hazard at high altitudes.
Lightning probably strikes upwards almost as much as it strikes down.
Lightning produces nitric oxide that in turn leads to rapid ozone formation.
Lightning produces ozone.
Lightning puts holes in the ozonelayer.
Lightning really is as simple as that.
Lightning really stresses the system.
Lightning regularly strikes the rock.
Lightning releases a tremendous amount of radio energy when a strike occurs.
Lightning remains a danger.
Lightning repeatedly strikes the same objects year after year.
Lightning represents only a minor fraction of all fire starts.
Lightning reveals a man squirming in silent agony to the rhythm of the flashes.
Lightning rips the sky.
Lightning rises off their knobby heads.
Lightning seams the clouds veiling the mountains.
Lightning seems to be as common on Venus as it is on Earth.
Lightning seems to be clear or a white-yellow color, but it really depends on the background.
Lightning seems to strike some objects more than others.
Lightning seen here is many miles away to the south.
Lightning sets fire to the ship.
Lightning signifies that a strong thunderstorm is in progress.
Lightning smacks into the soil, Scattering all creatures great and small.
Lightning splits the night, releasing a thunderous roar.
Lightning splits the sky.
Lightning spreads ahead of tornadic supercell.
Lightning starts the vast majority of forest fires.
Lightning streaks across the sky Lightning streaks across the sky.
Lightning streaks the sky.
Lightning streams forth from the statue in thin spiderweb-like strands.
Lightning strikes a nearby transformer.
Lightning strikes a transformer or other electrical facilities.
Lightning strikes an oak tree and creates mistletoe plus lots of surprising kisses.
Lightning strikes both the boys after they leave a church.
Lightning strikes central Florida more frequently than anywhere else in the United States.
Lightning strikes down and lights the tops of the masts on fire.
Lightning strikes down from the sky.
Lightning strikes good people as well as bad.
Lightning strikes most frequently in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Lightning strikes people directly.
Lightning strikes rare cycads.
Lightning Strikes Supernatural events create an aura of wonder and suspense.
Lightning strikes the building next door.
Lightning strikes the desert sand, creating a fulgerite.
Lightning strikes the earth almost all the time.
Lightning strikes the ground at both ends of a moving train.
Lightning strikes the highest object in the area.
Lightning strikes the locust more often that any other tree, and the oak tree comes next.
Lightning strikes the mast of a ship.
Lightning strikes the mast.
Lightning strikes the top of the building frequently during storms.
Lightning strikes the water next to our ship.
Lightning strikes thousands of people each year.
Lightning strikes twice.
Lightning takes out our phone system and electricity on a regular basis.
Lightning takes the path of least resistance to the ground.
Lightning takes the shortest path between the cloud and the ground.
Lightning takes the shortest path.
Lightning takes the turn.
Lightning tends to hit elevated sharp terrain features like mountain tops.
Lightning tends to move horizontally along the earth once it makes contact, as shown above.
Lightning tends to strike taller objects such as trees or telephone poles.
Lightning then intervenes.
Lightning threatens much more than property.
Lightning traveling down a tree trunk turns water to steam.
Lightning travels at the speed of light which is a million times faster.
Lightning travels both paths.
Lightning travels both up and downwards.
Lightning travels the easiest route, from the cloud to ground, often striking the tallest object.
Lightning traverses a tree with a tendency to deviate from it and follow a path of least resistance.
Lightning wears a harness which is specially designed for dogs that pull sleds.
Lightning works with nitrogen in the air to produce a fertilizer.
Lightning wreaks havoc on vehicles and structures.
Lightnings actually use their chines to create some lateral resistance.
Lightnings also generate electromagnetic signals which can similarly be received by TV sets.
Lightnings dazzle our eyes.
Lightning always accompanies a thunderstorm.
Lightning always accompanies the thunderstorm .
Lightning always accompanies the thunderstorm.
Lightning always kills.
Lightning always precedes thunder because lightning causes thunder.
Lightning always produces thunder.
Lightning always strikes the tallest object around.
Lightning always strikes the tallest object.
Lightning frequently flashes from their eyes.
Lightning frequently strikes tall palms, usually with fatal results.
Lightning frequently strikes the summit.
Lightning often has a paralyzing effect that is temporary.
Lightning often hits the power line and has to go through the charger to get to the charger ground.
Lightning often occurs within clouds, especially over the oceans.
Lightning often pierces the sky in the Kansas City area.
Lightning often precedes the rain.
Lightning often starts forest fires.
Lightning often strikes in multiple pulses.
Lightning usually carries thousands and thounds of amps of energy.
Lightning usually causes more fatalities each year than tornadoes.
Lightning usually seeks the shortest path from the thunderstorm to the surface below.
Lightning usually strikes a close transformer.
Lightning usually strikes the tallest objects, such as trees, or a person standing in a field.
All lightning can be deadly.
All lightning produces thunder.
Most lightning occurs within the cloud or between cloud and ground.
Most lightning occurs within the cloud or between the cloud and ground.
Most lightning occurs within the cloud or between the cloud and the ground.
A lightship is a ship
Lightships are ships.
Lightships are simply ships moored into place with lights on top.
Lightships enjoy no such comforts.
Some lightships are unmanned floats with automatic acetylene lights.
Lightweight accessories can add variety.
Lightweight aggregate is the key.
Lightweight aggregates give higher expansions.
Lightweight aluminum fold up construction.
Lightweight aluminum folds flat for backpacking.
Lightweight aluminum rims reduce unsprung weight to help improve suspension action.
Lightweight aluminum take apart rear frame and take apart front.
Lightweight balls are safe, and the whole set folds away for easy storage.
Lightweight buildings do less damage when they are shaken by an earthquake.
Lightweight calico keeps em cool.
Lightweight cap is natural color with dark blue accents.
Lightweight case fits comfortably on user's belt.
Lightweight chairs provide maximum independence of movement with a minimum of effort.
Lightweight clients can be lightweight, and robust clients can be robust.
Lightweight clothing is advisable during the summer.
Lightweight clothing is advisable.
Lightweight clothing is essential for summer.
Lightweight clothing is needed for summer.
Lightweight clothing is recommended during the day, and a light jacket or sweater for the evening.
Lightweight clothing is recommended, with maybe something a bit warmer for the evenings.
Lightweight clothing is recommended.
Lightweight clothing is suggested during the summer months, when the days can be hot and humid.
Lightweight clothing is the norm.
Lightweight clothing is worn year-round, with a sweater or jacket occasionally useful in the winter.
Lightweight clothing is worn year-round.
Lightweight components are available in steel, aluminum and composite materials.
Lightweight components can be more efficient, because of less overhead.
Lightweight components can have transparent backgrounds.
Lightweight components depend on the local windowing toolkit.
Lightweight components have no peers.
Lightweight composition formers with off and full-on contacts.
Lightweight concrete has advantages in some applications.
Lightweight concrete shrinks more.
Lightweight concrete weighs less than other kinds of concrete.
Lightweight concurrency is supported through task types and protected types.
Lightweight construction allows for easy transportation.
Lightweight construction contributes to increased wear time.
Lightweight construction increases patient tolerance.
Lightweight construction makes pads comfortable to wear, kneeling or walking.
Lightweight construction means easy portaging, no matter how long the portage.
Lightweight construction means less yard damage.
Lightweight cotton is never a bad idea.
Lightweight cotton is recommended but almost any fabric with body and shape is acceptable.
Lightweight decision prevents line sag.
Lightweight design adds to ease of installation and reduces shipping costs.
Lightweight design allows personnel to conveniently pick up and carry to destination.
Lightweight design features comfortable padded earpieces and an adjustable head strap.
Lightweight design makes assembly easy.
Lightweight design makes rounds fast and easy.
Lightweight design produces consistantly harder shots.
Lightweight design provides easy portability and storage.
Lightweight design removes the bulk and weight of the video camera from the surgeon's hand.
Lightweight devices are more comfortable during extended viewing.
Lightweight earpiece is fitted to position outside the ear.
Lightweight electrons damage the surface primarily by heating it.
Lightweight fabric is perfect for warmer climates.
Lightweight fabric makes it stuffable into pockets or packs, while mesh prevents billowing.
Lightweight fabrics are unsuitable.
Any lightweight film is appropriate for the model.
Lightweight foam saves on shipping costs and eliminates waste.
Lightweight formula feels like a silky gel while packing the power punch of a rich cream.
Lightweight frame offers great stability and durability.
Lightweight gun allows water pressure to get closer to the work.
Lightweight headsets are now available.
Some lightweight helmets are worn by construction workers.
Some lightweight helmets are worn by workers.
Lightweight items go on top of the load.
Lightweight items take less time to dry.
Many lightweight knits are machine washable and dryable.
Lightweight layers are the key to any activewear wardrobe.
Lightweight leggings can double as long johns or pajamas.
Lightweight machines fold up and store in a closet.
Lightweight men have more muscle mass at the same bodyweight.
Lightweight material makes it ideal for indoor play.
Lightweight materials are critical to the development of highly fuel-efficient vehicles.
Lightweight materials are the key to low fuel consumption and lower emissions in cars.
Lightweight materials are the keys to low fuel consumption and lower emissions in cars.
Lightweight media is recommended for interior use, or temporary eye-catching exterior displays.
Lightweight metal helps to reduce worker fatigue since heavy lifting is significantly reduced.
Lightweight models have brass anodized aluminum fittings to reduce weight.
Lightweight optics are of crucial importance in weight and cost reduction.
Lightweight packets are great for taking along while hiking, biking or other activities.
Lightweight pants are better than shorts for taking photos because of rough lava rocks.
Lightweight platform becomes an instant desk for working on the road.
Lightweight polyester stand-up bag features dual sling, mesh pockets, tee holders, and zipper pulls.
Lightweight portables are a great choice for condos, apartments, workout rooms.
Lightweight product reduces workers compensation claims.
Lightweight resins provide moderate hold without flaking or build-up.
Lightweight rowers are responsible for making weight at all regattas.
Lightweight scooters are usually easier to push off and keep moving on flat ground and uphill.
Lightweight sheets fold over with a small radius.
Most lightweight shirts are sufficient for most runners in moderate winter conditions.
Lightweight shovels are available from many manufacturers and they are inexpensive.
Lightweight shovels can also help.
Most lightweight sleds are easy to pull and fit into the trunk of a car.
Lightweight soles flex naturally with the feet.
Lightweight status is based on crew average weight and on maximum individual weight.
Lightweight strength is the overwhelming feature of the Odyssey Assault.
Lightweight strip conforms to top of shoe.
Lightweight structures are incredibly susceptible to vibrations.
Lightweight stuff works real well up there.
Lightweight suits are necessary.
Lightweight task objects.
Lightweight tonnage is the weight of the ship itself.
Lightweight tools help.
Lightweight tripod folds small like a folding umbrella.
Lightweight trousers help protect against insect bites on the denser hiking trails.
Lightweight trousers help protect against insect bites.
Lightweight units fold for easy transport to the field.
Lightweight units nest for compact stacking and bulk storage.
Lightweight units support the weight of an adult.
A lightweight is a gladiator
Lightweight leads with snap-plugs.
Lightweights also use less resin so the entire laminate remains lighter.
Lightweights are boxers.
Lightweights are wrestlers.
Lightweights can certainly compete with heavyweights.
Lightweights can have a relatively flexible rig, progressively losing power as the wind increases.
Lightweights drive condiment category.
Lightweights have to weigh in before the event.
Lightweights have to weigh-in between two hours and one hour before our race.
Lignified cells are as resistive to pulling and other stresses as similar sized fragments of steel.
Lignified fibres are also present.
Lignin degradation appears to be a process that releases cellulose.
Lignin deposition is so thick that the cell walls become strong, rigid and impermeable to water.
Lignin peroxidase is able to oxidize nonphenolic lignin substrates to form aryl cation radicals.
Lignin hardens and strengthens the plant cell wall, and it serves as a principle component of wood.
Lignin is a polymer
Lignin is chemical compounds.
Lignin is organic compounds.
Lignin is polymers.
Lignin isa compound.
Lignin picks up the red dye so the walls appear pinkish.
Lignins act as antioxidants.
Lignins are a group of plant chemicals called polyphenols, which have antioxidant components.
Lignins are also very common.
Lignins are complex polymers responsible for cell wall properties important in plant development.
Lignins are highly polymerized, complex carbon-based compounds.
Lignins are natural glues which hold plant fibers together.
Some lignin contains water.
Some lignin has capacity.
Lignite coal has even more.
Lignite coal is produced primarily in western North Dakota and in eastern Montana.
Many lignite deposits lie close to the surface, easily reached with modern mining technology.
Many lignocellulosic materials contain significant quantities of acetylated hemicellulose.
Ligonier merchants move their wares outside for sidewalk sales .
Liguistic intelligence uses the English language or Spanish for that matter.
A ligule is a natural object
Ligules are membranous hairless, always short, and truncate.
Ligules are short, membranous, and jagged.
Ligules are short, truncate, unfringed membranes with teeth near the tip.
Ligules consist of a fringe of hairs .
Ligules consist of a fringe of short hairs .
Ligules have long, somewhat sparse hairs.
Ligules have short dense hairs.
Ligurian cooks stir in pesto a fabulous finish.
Ligurian cuisine is a celebration of natural abundance.
Ligurian oil is fruity and light, a far cry from the throat catching Tuscan oils.
Ligurian oil is fruity and light, a far cry from the throat-catching Tuscan oils.
Ligurian resorts are very popular with holidaymakers.
Ligurian wines have a limited production and it is becoming more difficult to find genuine ones.
Ligustrum bark is tan to gray in color with a smooth texture.
Ligustrum berries are widely available in dried, crushed and powdered forms.
Ligustrum fruit has many immune-enhancing effects, including cancer inhibition.
A like is a kind
Likes  smiles.
Likes are approval.
Likes are bands.
Likes are kinds.
Likes are seals, swimming, sailing on ice floes and watching aurora borealis.
Likes damp situations.
Likes damp soil .
Likes fertile well drained soil with adequate water.
Likes go with likes.
Likes humus in soil and can be kept fairly dry.
Likes soil rich in organic matter but spreads in poor soil and under trees and shrubs.
Likeable people have fun personalities.
Likelihood of confusion is a fact-specific analysis.
Likelihood of confusion is a trickier issue that the statement above makes it appear to be.
Likelihood of confusion is indeed a tricky issue.
Likelihood ratio tests show values.
Likelihood depends on rainfall.
Likelihood is a probability
Likelihood isa quality.
Likelihoods have a straightforward interpretation.
Most likelihood depends on rainfall.
Some likelihood provides insight.
Likely access is from the master bedroom.
Most likely amyloid causes toxic effects through multiple mechanisms.
Likely applications lie in improved on-line control.
Likely arguments can be better or worse, depending on how likely the premises make the conclusion.
Likely avenues are education, training, provision of better information, advice and publicity.
More likely beneficiaries are companies with custom programs, especially on mainframes.
Likely candidates are alpine and coastal species.
Likely candidates are diversified in their educational and personal career backgrounds.
Likely candidates are everywhere.
More likely causes are improved water supply, sanitation, adequate food supply, and birth control.
Most likely cause is a full disk or directory.
Most likely cause is bad caps.
Likely clients are drug discovery biotechnology firms and medical device makers.
Likely contaminants are sediments, carbon, inorganic nutrients and pesticides.
Most likely counties are Devon or Essex.
Some likely culprits are manual network design, engineering and management.
Likely customers consist of businesses that are high volume international callers.
Likely destinations appear to be Michigan or Florida.
Most likely diagnosis is myocardial infarction.
Some likely disciplines are economics, sociology, psychology, marketing, and communication.
Most likely females choose mates based on their hunting ability.
Likely grantees are student groups, citizen committees, and non-governmental organizations.
Most likely guess is some kind of indoor plumbing, or perhaps something electrical.
Likely locations are a classroom or gymnasium.
Likely needs are instructional equipment and part-time faculty.
Most likely nothing is wrong.
Likely occurrences take places.
Most likely occurrences take places.
Likely offenders are eggs, milk, peanuts, soy, wheat and seafood, but any food can do it.
Likely opponent is Alabama.
Most likely outcome is disappointment after a long wait, and very little savings.
Likely partners are museums and public agencies.
Likely places are community centers, libraries, hospitals, churches and job centers.
Likely places are current seams where fast and slow water meet.
Most likely place is the encode method, trying to eval undef as a subroutine.
Most likely problem is particulate matter in valve path.
Likely reasons are that the device is full or write protected.
Likely replacements are either the chief of the general staff, Lt.-Gen.
Likely source is an aquarium release.
Likely sources are coal-fired power plants and incinerators.
Likely sources are poorly ventilated natural gas furnaces and appliances.
Likely suppliers are overseas.
Likely suspects are the three big connectors on the kick panel running into the fuse box.
Likely targets are fathers, boyfriends and bosses - or perhaps men in relationships more generally.
Most likely time is of the essence on both ends.
Likely topics are as follows.
Likely voters are even more tuned into the campaign.
Likely voters are generally the most interested in politics.
Likely voters are measurably less skeptical but have anything but a benign view of politics.
Likely voters tend to have voted in the past two elections and to be more informed.
Likeness isa similarity.
Likewise action is heavily limited, to the extent that it most often occurs off the screen.
Likewise educators require tools to offer students an education of equity and excellence.
Likewise energy needs storage places and pathways.
Likewise motion is somewhat restricted, with some rough movement and short-cuts.
Likewise prostitution is governed by laws.
Likewise society recognizes when one has become settled and sedate.
Likewise stories are simplistic affairs.
Likewise vendors can personalize their press forms that are used in press certification tests.
Liking are feelings.
Liking isa feeling.
Lilac bushes reach height.
Lilac bushes vary in height.
Most lilac bushes reach height.
Most lilac bushes vary in height.
Some lilac flowers produce fruit.
Some lilac species are more resistant to borers than others.
Lilac trees provide homes.
Most lilac trees provide homes.
Some lilac varieties can become very tall and wide, but compact varieties have also been developed.
A lilac is a bush
Lilac isa bush.
Lilac isa shrub.
Lilacs are bushs.
Lilacs are flowers.
Lilacs are plants.
Lilacs are shrubs.
Lilacs attract butterflies.
Lilacs belong to families.
Lilacs bring mixed emotions, linked in poetry to love but also death.
Lilacs bring mixed emotions, linked in poetry to love but also to death.
Lilacs flower in springs.
Lilacs have (part) cell membranes.
Lilacs have (part) cells.
Lilacs have (part) corpi.
Lilacs have (part) cytoplasm.
Lilacs have (part) nuclei.
Lilacs have (part) plasma membranes.
Lilacs have (part) sections.
Lilacs have (part) vacuoles.
Lilacs have (part) xylem.
Lilacs have female flowers.
Lilacs have flowers.
Lilacs have foliage.
Lilacs produce flowers.
Lilacs serve purposes.
Most lilacs are shrubs.
Most lilacs belong to families.
Most lilacs have female flowers.
Most lilacs have flowers.
Most lilacs have foliage.
Some lilacs have deep purple veins.
Some lilacs have deep veins.
Some lilacs have heads.
Some lilacs have hearts.
Some lilacs have lemon flavor.
Some lilacs have purple veins.
Some lilacs have veins.
Some lilacs live for years.
Some lilacs send out suckers near the base of the plant.
All lilacs have photos.
Many lilacs have male and female flowers.
Most lilacs grow like a crape myrtle.
Most lilacs serve purposes.
Some lilacs grow in gardens.
Some lilacs have flavor.
Some lilacs offer protection.
Lilah soils are more acid.
Lillian plays guitar, is the lead singer, and also yodels in the Swiss, western, and blues style.
Lily bulbs are relatively short-lived in heavy clay soil.
Lily bulbs are vulnerable to rotting in wet spots, so choose a place with perfect drainage.
Lily families include plants.
Lily flowers are valued for their large, very showy, often fragrant flowers.
Lily Lake has two piers with access to deep water.
Lily Lake is located in a country setting, yet only minutes from shopping malls.
Lily leaf beetles feed on flowers.
Some lily pads provide food.
A lily is a bulbous plant
Lilies abound here, along with good examples of coastal scrub communities.
Lilies add rich colors and splendid form to almost any landscape.
Lilies also are fantastic cut flowers.
Lilies also do well in containers.
Lilies are a beautiful gem in the garden or decorative pond.
Lilies are a popular selection.
Lilies are a symbol of death, especially in the Far East where white is the color of death.
Lilies are a symbol of purity, heavenly bliss and immortality.
Lilies are also susceptible to a virus called lily mosaic, which is spread by aphids.
Lilies are another example of plants that put out bulbs for future plants.
Lilies are available in several types and in colors ranging from white and yellow to deep red.
Lilies are bulbous plants, while daylilies have fleshy roots.
Lilies are distant cousins.
Lilies are dynamic enough to carry an arrangement all by themselves.
Lilies are easy to grow and problem-free.
Lilies are excellent naturalizers and are well-suited as a cut flower.
Lilies are flowers.
Lilies are gross feeders and root deeply.
Lilies are large, fairly heavy flowers that require suitably large containers.
Lilies are loved by gardeners everywhere.
Lilies are masters at creating copies of themselves or creating new variations.
Lilies are one of the most popular flowers planted in the spring.
Lilies are one of themost popular aquatic plants for water gardening.
Lilies are prolific too.
Lilies are relatively easy to plant and keep happy.
Lilies are so reliable they threaten to take over the garden.
Lilies are strong enough to carry an arrangement all by themselves.
Lilies are sweet-smelling, delicate flowers symbolizing purity.
Lilies are tall and narrow, so plant clusters of at least five.
Lilies are the hardy ones that stay in the ground all year round.
Lilies are the universally recognised symbol of mourning.
Lilies are toxic to cats.
Lilies are very attractive planted in groups.
Lilies are wonderful and dramatic additions to the garden.
Lilies around can lilies.
Lilies attract insects.
Lilies bear blossoms that last for a lengthy period of time and also give shade on the pond.
Lilies bear flowers.
Lilies bear white flowers.
Lilies belong to genus.
Lilies bloom every year.
Lilies bloom for several weeks at a time.
Lilies bring height, fragrance, and great drama to the summer garden.
Lilies bring their own exotic look and scent to the garden.
Lilies can be a great addition to any floral garden, as they are easy to plant and care for.
Lilies come in a variety of colours and patterns.
Lilies come in many styles, colors, sizes, and cater to many moods.
Lilies contain compounds.
Lilies continually produce new bulbs, from which grow new plants.
Lilies disperse seeds.
Lilies do poorly in the desert southwest.
Lilies do their best in still water.
Lilies falls into that group, offering few bonus features and a basic, though passable transfer.
Lilies generally like cool roots and sunny heads.
Lilies get better each year.
Lilies go in the deepest.
Lilies grow and flower best in full sun.
Lilies grow best in deep, sandy loam that is well drained.
Lilies grow best in rich garden soil, and clay like soil is even better.
Lilies grow from bulbs.
Lilies grow from scaly bulbs.
Lilies grow from scaly bulbs.
Lilies grow in dense patches.
Lilies grow in Europe , North America , and Asia .
Lilies grow in Europe, North America, and Asia.
Lilies grow in patches.
Lilies grow in regions.
Lilies grow in the spring.
Lilies grow in zones.
Lilies grow quickly with good growing conditions.
Lilies grow well in acid soil as well as in alkaline soils.
Lilies grown from seed take about four years to reach flowering size.
Lilies has an understated elegance.
Lilies have (part) cell membranes.
Lilies have (part) cells.
Lilies have (part) corpi.
Lilies have (part) cytoplasm.
Lilies have (part) nuclei.
Lilies have (part) plasma membranes.
Lilies have (part) sections.
Lilies have (part) vacuoles.
Lilies have contact.
Lilies have edible roots.
Lilies have flowers.
Lilies have leaves.
Lilies have roots.
Lilies have six petals on their flowers.
Lilies like to stand with their head in the sun while keeping their feet cool.
Lilies live for many years.
Lilies live for years.
Lilies look like fussy plants.
Lilies look like lilies.
Lilies look like plants.
Lilies love full sun, as long as the bulbs are deep enough to keep cool when temperatures soar.
Lilies make any occasion festive.
Lilies make great cut flowers and provide gorgeous color shows during most of the summer season.
Lilies make great cut flowers, but their pollen can leave stains on clothing and tablecloths.
Lilies make people think of life.
Lilies make wonderful cut flowers.
Lilies mix very well with most garden flowers . . .
Lilies need constant moisture.
Lilies need moisture.
Lilies offer gardeners a great variety in flower form and color.
Lilies prefer a warm sunny spot.
Lilies prefer sandy or loamy, well-drained soil.
Lilies prefer soil that is neutral to slightly acidic.
Lilies produce flowers.
Lilies produce leaves.
Lilies produce roots.
Lilies produce the shoot for next year in late summer, early fall.
Lilies provide a heady fragrance throughout the summer.
Lilies reach toward the sun from the shady pond's shore.
Lilies require care.
Lilies require lots of sunlight, rich, quick-draining soil and adequate moisture to grow.
Lilies require well-drained, loose soil, preferably in full sun for best results.
Lilies respond to A-Rest spray or drench.
Lilies respond well to ample feeding.
Lilies rise in the flower border with a promise that almost makes a gardener drool.
Lilies seem to prefer singles.
Lilies start life as bulbs, which are best planted in spring or fall.
Lilies stretch when crowded.
Lilies tend to be top-heavy since all the flowers are at the top of the stem.
Lilies thrive in environments.
Lilies thrive in freshwater environments.
Lilies Tie tall stems to canes for support and watch out for lily beetles and their larvae.
Lily isa tracheophyte.
Lily Pads A pond has but one lily pad growing in it.
Lilies usually have few pests, but rabbits and slugs can be a menace to emerging shoots.
All lilies follow the same basic life cycle.
All lilies grow and bloom best when left undisturbed for many years.
All lilys look like bells.
Many lilies also form small bulblets in where the leaves are attached to the stem.
Most lilies attract insects.
Most lilies bear flowers.
Most lilies bear white flowers.
Most lilies belong to genus.
Most lilies contain compounds.
Most lilies disperse seeds.
Most lilies grow from a bulb , which is sometimes eaten as a food .
Most lilies grow from a bulb, which is sometimes eaten as a food.
Most lilies grow from bulbs.
Most lilies grow from scaly bulbs.
Most lilies grow in dense patches.
Most lilies grow in patches.
Most lilies grow in regions.
Most lilies grow in zones.
Most lilies have clusters of bright-colored flowers on upright stems.
Most lilies have contact.
Most lilies have edible roots.
Most lilies have flowers.
Most lilies have roots.
Most lilies live for many years.
Most lilies live for years.
Most lilies look like fussy plants.
Most lilies look like lilies.
Most lilies look like plants.
Most lilies love growing with their roots in the shade and their tops growing into the sunlight.
Most lilies produce flowers.
Most lilies produce leaves.
Most lilies produce roots.
Most lilies require care.
Most lilies thrive in environments.
Most lilies thrive in freshwater environments.
Some lilies adapt to habitats.
Some lilies become weeds.
Some lilies can even produce bulbils, miniature bulbs, in their leaf axils.
Some lilies can increase so rapidly that division is necessary.
Some lilies cause damage.
Some lilies cause kidney damage.
Some lilies cause threaten kidney damage.
Some lilies grow at edges.
Some lilies grow in containers.
Some lilies grow in shallow water.
Some lilies grow in water.
Some lilies have chestnuts.
Some lilies have life.
Some lilies have pads.
Some lilies have pollination strategies.
Some lilies have sides.
Some lilies have strategies.
Some lilies have vase life.
Some lilies have weather.
Some lilies occupy pivotal positions.
Some lilies occupy positions.
Some lilies provide excellent habitats.
Some lilies provide habitats.
Some lilies see summaries.
Some lilies survive cold winter.
Some lilies survive winter.
Lilydale students can make a booking for the session at the Student Union Desk.
A lima bean is a legume
Many lima beans are highly toxic unless prepared properly.
A liman is a lagoon
Liman bristles at the incursions of antitobacco activists in the creative process.
Liman directs with zest, energy, and inventiveness.
Liman makes Go go.
Liman underplays everything with a dark sense of humor, which occasionally seems appropriate.
Limans are lagoons.
Some limb bones feature thick walls.
Limb buds appear early and develop continuously through embryonic life.
Limb buds are present, and eyes, ears, and a nose appear.
Limb buds are present.
Limb buds start out clear and turn pale blue, pink, and then bright red.
Limb buds start to develop.
Limb development is dependent on epithelial mesenchymal interactions.
Limb ischemia is the most common complication.
Limb lengthening is an established technique in humans .
A limb is a member
Limb isa appendage.
Limb isa extremity.
Limbs affected by freeze injury produce small nuts that often result in sticktights.
Limbs are adaptation for locomotion in shallow water.
Limbs are also available throughout the year for residents' leisure dissection.
Limbs are also extremely thin and long, out of proportion to the body.
Limbs are appendages.
Limbs are arcs.
Limbs are bent and drawn close to body.
Limbs are branchs.
Limbs are brown action maple accented with bubinga and white fiberglass under clear bow tough glass.
Limbs are brown action wood under clear bow tough glass.
Limbs are brown action wood with white fiberglass and zebrawood tips.
Limbs are cloth with original black socks and leather boots.
Limbs are commonly contracted and necks are pulled back, in poses indicative of dessication.
Limbs are connected to the rest of the skeleton by collections of bones known as girdles.
Limbs are distinct.
Limbs are edges.
Limbs are extremities.
Limbs are faintly paler in comparison to the rest of the body.
Limbs are firm and exceedingly lovely Thin waist, thin and strong physique.
Limbs are flippers adapted for swimming.
Limbs are free of any heat and swellings.
Limbs are gray action maple accented with bubinga under clear bow tough glass.
Limbs are heavy, branchlets light and gracefully drooping.
Limbs are legs and arms of a mammal, often with strong bones .
Limbs are long and thin.
Limbs are new camo action wood, vertically laminated with gray, green and brown maple.
Limbs are of proven power glass, designed to maximize performance and minimize shock and vibration.
Limbs are part of bows.
Limbs are part of endoskeletons.
Limbs are part of octants.
Limbs are part of trees.
Limbs are parts.
Limbs are relaxed and gently stretched as herbal toners and moisturizers are applied.
Limbs are short but massive and sturdy.
Limbs are short but strong and terminate in clawed digits.
Limbs are short with four digits on the front feet and five on the back.
Limbs are strong.
Limbs are symmetrical and lovely Emaciated long physique.
Limbs are the final primary bow component.
Limbs are the individual state and provincial organizations.
Limbs are then hand fitted and checked for twist.
Limbs begin to fall off.
Limbs begin twitching as the band tickles that spinal tap.
Limbs can break off due to the weight of fruit and larger trees require limb supports.
Limbs can grow at different rates, leaving teens uncoordinated, clumsy, and even weak.
Limbs contain resin ducts filled with aromatic triterpenes and ethereal oils.
Limbs continue to fall on lines.
Limbs die giving the crown of the tree an asymmetrical shape.
Limbs dip at similar angles.
Limbs facilitate movement.
Limbs feel detached.
Limbs feel heavy and stiff.
Limbs feel weak and bruised.
Limbs flail, bodies dance.
Limbs go to sleep.
Limbs grow stiff.
Limbs hanging over utility lines, the house or other valuable property can be a liability.
Limbs have (part) corpi.
Limbs have a limited number of tissue types.
Limbs have arrangements.
Limbs have basic structures.
Limbs have bones.
Limbs have capacity.
Limbs have five digits, with short, recurved claws.
Limbs have positions.
Limbs have same basic structures.
Limbs have same positions.
Limbs have structures.
Limbs have toes.
Limbs injured by lightning, wind or disease die and eventually fall to the forest floor.
Limbs inset into the riser which allows for smooth flowing lines.
Limbs lithe in light grant a nimbus that strains onto the roses that remain.
Limbs loosen their longing and stride into laughter running a riot in lines of pure red.
Limbs lose power and sight and hearing dimmed.
Limbs stretch upward to the sun.
Limbs support weight.
Limbs tend to persist on the straight central trunks.
Limbs tend to persist, particularly on trees grown without severe competition.
Limbs twitch due to the lack of calcium which is required by the nervous system to operate properly.
Limbs use for locomotion.
Limbs utilize the lightest, strongest, and best-looking core woods.
Limbs work and reach after the sun-down.
Limbs work as levers.
All limbs are also posable.
All limbs are jointed, tubular and operate by way of muscles.
All limbs have five digits.
Most limbs are part of endoskeletons.
Most limbs can wait for someone with more cutting experience.
Most limbs facilitate movement.
Most limbs have arrangements.
Most limbs have basic structures.
Most limbs have bones.
Most limbs have capacity.
Most limbs have positions.
Most limbs have same basic structures.
Most limbs have same positions.
Most limbs have structures.
Most limbs have toes.
Most limbs support weight.
Most limbs use for locomotion.
Some limbs grow from buds.
Some limbs have claws.
Some limbs have feet.
Some limbs have mechanisms.
Some limbs maintain contact.
Some limbs promote growth.
Limbal incisions heal faster than clear corneal incisions.
Limbered artillery is attached to a wheeled carriage drawn by horses.
Limbic function affects immune function.
Limbic gamma rhythms.
A limbic system is a neural structure
Limbic system is concerned with emotions, feelings, etc.
Limbic system is found on the medial surface of each hemisphere.
Limbless creatures have characteristics.
Most limbless creatures have characteristics.
Limbless reptiles have limbs.
Limbless reptiles have vestigial limbs.
Most limbless reptiles have limbs.
Most limbless reptiles have vestigial limbs.
Limbless vertebrates use serpentine, rectilinear, concertina, or sidewinding locomotion.
A limbo is obscurity
Limbo awaits the unwary.
Limbo plays so naturally.
Limburger cheese has the distinction of being the most pungent of all cheeses.
Lime green is supposedly the most relaxing of all colors.
Lime juice adds a delicate, sour and sharp flavour to salads and many dishes.
Lime juice adds tart flavor to the crisp, burnished skin.
Lime juice contains acid.
Lime juice contains citric acid.
Lime juice enhances the flavor of salads, vegetables, seafood and meat.
Lime juice is also available in the store year round, bottled or frozen.
Lime juice is juice
Lime juice is juice.
Lime juice is one of the most important juices in a bar.
Lime juice is produced in the city and then exported for use in the manufacture of citric acid .
Lime juice is the clear winner for the tartener.
Lime juice is used in cooking and in drinks.
Lime juice makes an excellent pie, with a cooler edge than lemon.
Lime juice marinates the beef.
Lime juice tastes good, too.
Lime juice Turn the shrimp over and split down the middle without breaking in half.
Most lime juice contains acid.
Most lime juice contains citric acid.
Some lime juice has cholesterol.
Lime mortar hardens by absorption of carbon dioxide from the air.
Lime mortar is attacked by acids which make it less durable and prone to erosion.
Lime mortar is stored in mounds at the site.
Lime mortars are also flexible.
Lime oil contains many micronutrients readily absorbed by the skin and acts as a toner.
Lime plaster can take a year to fully harden.
Lime putty is a product of limestone.
Some lime stones moulder away and form decomposition soil.
Lime sulfur can change the color of some jewelry.
Lime sulfur has low efficacy compared to modern fungicides but is generally accepted as organic.
Lime sulfur is apt to burn leaves and needles, so keep the spray off the foliage of evergreens.
Lime sulfur is difficult to work with, especially out of large drums.
Lime sulfur is incompatible with most other pesticides.
Lime sulfur is used as a dormant spray only.
Lime sulfur is used during the dormant season to denature and kill fungal fruiting bodies or spores.
A lime tree is a citrus tree
Lime trees grow in areas.
Lime trees have good branches.
Lime trees make very good hosts too.
Lime trees produce fruit.
Lime trees produce seedless fruit.
Most lime trees grow in areas.
Most lime trees produce fruit.
Most lime trees produce seedless fruit.
Lime wash provides a porous covering which is unaffected by moisture.
A lime is a citrus tree
Lime aids the composting process, and also reduces the smell, discouraging bears.
Lime begins to react with the soil as soon as it is applied.
Lime can harm acid loving plants like blueberries.
Lime comes from calcium deposits produced by single celled creatures called diatoms.
Lime contains calcium carbonate while dolomite contains both calcium and magnesium carbonate.
Lime gives a feeling of cool freshness on a brisk morning.
Lime helps curb blossom-end rot in tomatoes.
Lime improves yields by making many other nutrients more available to plants.
Lime increases pH and can be applied anytime during the growing season.
Lime increases the cementing properties of cement, as do pozzolans combined with lime.
Lime induced B deficiency is possible.
Lime is a generic term which can cover chalk, limestone, quicklime and hydrated lime.
Lime is a green tasting rock.
Lime is a green-tasting rock.
Lime is a low-cost, fairly simple music notation editor.
Lime is a nasty substance.
Lime is a nasty thing to have to handle.
Lime is a natural by-product material produced by portland cement as the cement hardens.
Lime is a troublesome tune, singing against the spectrum of all humanity.
Lime is a versatile, powerful, and intuitive environment.
Lime is also an important material in the manufacture of chemicals.
Lime is also important for home lawns.
Lime is also the primary source of calcium and magnesium.
Lime is an effective conditioner that facilitates the dewatering process.
Lime is an important basic product with numerous industrial and environmental uses.
Lime is an old-fashioned word, going back to the earliest days of stage lighting.
Lime is another matter.
Lime is available as calcitic lime, dolomitic lime, burned lime, hydrated lime, and pelletized lime.
Lime is available from many sources in Mississippi.
Lime is available in bulk or in bags, and can be shipped by rail, truck or barge.
Lime is available in calcitic, dolomitic, burned, hydrated and pelletized forms.
Lime is available in pulverized and pelletized forms.
Lime is basically calcium carbonate, and is usually in the form of ground limestone or marl.
Lime is basically less stable than cement.
Lime is bitter.
Lime is calcium carbonate and gypsum is calcium sulfate.
Lime is calcium carbonate, the main source of which is limestone.
Lime is calcium carbonate.
Lime is calcium or magnesium compounds ground into powder.
Lime is caustic and a skin and eye irritant and can be dangerous if misused.
Lime is characteristically present in the capillitium or in the peridium, or in both.
Lime is cheap too.
Lime is lime.
Lime is mainstream music software designed for and by sighted musicians.
Lime is mixed in which bites into all the raw skin.
Lime is one of the few resources self-sufficient domestically.
Lime is probably the most important fertiliser for horse paddocks.
Lime is relatively insoluble and immobile in the soil.
Lime is required if the pH of the soil is too low for a healthy lawn.
Lime is safe for the rabbits only if the dust cloud is kept down.
Lime is slow acting.
Lime is something in the vicinity, and lemon-scented only hints at it.
Lime is spread on pastures to promote maximum growth.
Lime is spread on the soil to be treated at a predetermined rate.
Lime is the best product to increase alkalinity.
Lime is the cornerstone of profitable crop production.
Lime is the featured ingredient in today s libation.
Lime is the most common way to change the pH of soil.
Lime is the only mineral resource.
Lime is the traditional, ancient binding medium of masonry.
Lime is too vital to do without and too expensive to waste.
Lime is truly THE versatile chemical for todays market.
Lime is used by mollusks to produce their shells.
Lime is used for makinq steel in electrical furnaces.
Lime is used in making carpets.
Lime is used in making mortar and cement.
Lime is used in many potable water treatment plants as part of the treatment process.
Lime is used in stack gas scrubbers to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions from power plants.
Lime is used principally as a garnish for fish and meat dishes.
Lime is very important because it enables the fertilizers to work at peak efficiency.
Lime lifts the pH levels and helps release nutrients that are stored in clay soils.
Lime migrates slowly through the soil .
Lime mixed with biosolids can also help rectify acidic soils.
Lime moves very slowly in soil naturally so needs to be mixed in to get the most benefit.
Lime Needs Many Mississippi soils require lime to control soil acidity for soybean production.
Lime neutralizes soil acidity and provides the calcium and magnesium essential for plant growth.
Lime occurs as pendants on pebbles and is disseminated in most pedons.
Lime occurs as soft masses or filaments and as concretions in some pedons.
Lime produces a heavy calcium sulphate sludge.
Lime produces similar symptoms but is also often associated with milk eyes.
Lime provides Ca to the soil.
Lime reacts more rapidly than limestone and thus is preferable for most steel making applications.
Lime reacts with water, generating a large amount of heat.
Lime renders the water slightly alkaline.
Lime slices Mix all the ingredients except the shrimp and salsa in a medium glass or plastic bowl.
Lime slowly dissolves into the pond water and is washed out with overflow water.
Lime sweetens the lawn and raises the ph.
Lime sweetens the soil, while adding Calcium and Magnesium.
Lime sweetens up the soil.
Lime tastes acidic and bitter .
Lime tastes acidic and bitter.
Lime turns the water basic, making it unsuitable for standard disposal.
Lime wedges for garnish Rub salmon with oil.
Limes also go well in punch.
Limes are a versatile addition to many recipes.
Limes are available all year round, but are in their peak season in the spring.
Limes are citrus fruit.
Limes are citruses.
Limes are colour.
Limes are excellent when squeezed over fresh tomato slices and used in salad dressings.
Limes are fruit.
Limes are green.
Limes are located in refrigerators.
Limes are much more fragrant than lemons, and have less acid.
Limes are native to Southeast Asia, and probably originated in Indonesia or Malaysia.
Limes are one of the most weather sensitive citrus.
Limes are part of limes.
Limes are small , round and bright green .
Limes are small, round and bright green.
Limes are solid food.
Limes are the least cold hardy.
Limes are the most sensitive to cold.
Limes can enhance the flavor of fish, fruit salad, vegetables and chicken.
Limes contain flavonoids called flavonol glycosides, including many kaempferol related molecules.
Limes contain vitamin C, which combats scurvy.
Limes cultivated in tropical Asia have similar fruits.
Limes grow here, as do pecans and pomegranates, and the ever-present bougainvillea.
Limes grow on relatively small, much branched citrus trees.
Limes have seeds.
Limes Heat the oil in a very large skillet and add the onions and garlic.
Limes hold well on tree year round, but large crops are born in the fall and winter.
Limes is an email conference or email mailing list for the used books market in Scandinavia.
Limes keep up to three weeks in the refrigerator.
Limes turn from green to yellow when they ripen, but the immature fruit has the best taste.
A limeade is ade
Limeades consist of freshly squeezed lime juice, sugar water and ice mixed into a frozen slush.
A limekiln is a kiln
Limekilns are like updraft furnaces or ovens.
A limelight is a lamp
Limelight is a quarterly newsletter.
Limelight is often one of the last trails to open, and never quite made it in recent winters.
Limelight is very tall and fragant, light green colour.
Limelight isa prominence.
Limelight presents a few practical problems.
Limelights are lamps.
Limelights are prominence.
Limerick City has a colourful and fascinating history.
Limerick lace is one of the more famous of all Irish laces.
Limerick lace is tambour work on net.
Limerick today is a blend of people from all incomes and ethnic backgrounds.
A limerick is a verse
Limericks are a genre.
Limericks are art forms complex, Their topics run chiefly to sex.
Limericks are cities.
Limericks are excellent for working whole pilchards.
Limericks are fun poems that combine a couplet with a triplet.
Limericks are fun to read, and a challenge to write.
Limericks are particularly delicate.
Limericks are the lowest form of poetry.
Limericks are verses.
Limericks contain puns or wordplay .
Limericks have six lines.
Limericks tell funny stories.
Limericks often treat rather horrible subjects in frivolous ways.
Limes disease is always in the headlines and is spread by ticks.
Limes soils are often iron deficit, even when sufficient amounts of iron are present.
Limestone caves are an interesting geological feature.
Limestone caves are like giant trashcans.
Limestone County is a major supplier of aggregate materials.
Limestone Creek is a multicultural community located in unincorporated west Jupiter, Florida.
Limestone Creek is a rural community-development success story.
Limestone hills show up in dark green with geological lineations like the one below the clouds.
Limestone pavements hold great interest for biodiversity.
Limestone rivers provide the cream of fly-fishing for Irish trout.
Limestone abounds, and has been of great advantage in improving the arable land.
Limestone acts as a flux and also combines with impurities to form slag.
Limestone affects only a very small volume of soil around each particle.
Limestone almost looks like slate, having natural cleft finish, but the colors are amazing.
Limestone also forms as a deposit in caves from the precipitation of calcium carbonate.
Limestone also has considerable commercial importance.
Limestone also serves as a raw material in cement and mortar and as a building stone.
Limestone appears as far west as the Mississippi River in thick sheets in many more places.
Limestone appears in yellow-greens and rocks altered to kaolinite as one of the clays are purple.
Limestone appears mostly in monuments and in decorative and facing work.
Limestone becomes marble from the heat and pressure of metamorphic events.
Limestone can also form through evaporation.
Limestone can change into calcareous gneiss which contains calcium carbonate.
Limestone can form entirely without the help of organic material.
Limestone caves displaying stalactites.
Limestone cliffs on either side of abandoned railroad.
Limestone comes in many different varieties.
Limestone composed of oolites is very porous and spongelike.
Limestone consists of fossilized sea shells, shell fragments and consolidated limy mud.
Limestone contains calcium carbonate, a base.
Limestone contains calcium which is effective in the reduction of the swelling.
Limestone contains calcium.
Limestone contains the shells and skeletons of sea creatures and limy masses built by plants.
Limestone covers vast areas of the Midwest and is of great commercial importance.
Limestone crops out all around the pool and is covered in many places with green algae.
Limestone crops out around the spring perimeter and through the dark blue-green water near the vent.
Limestone crops out at the edge of the spring pool.
Limestone crops out in the pools and steep sandy banks.
Limestone even affects Tennessee's appearance as water nibbles away at it here and there.
Limestone exists for local use.
Limestone exists in abundance, and is extensively quarried, being used as a fertilizer.
Limestone exists only in the form of boulders.
Limestone fizzes in vinegar, which means that it reacts to acid.
Limestone forms huge karst fields in parts of the wetland.
Limestone forms the main composition of the formation.
Limestone generally forms from the shells and skeletons of small ocean organisms.
Limestone generally has many fossils while shale and sandstone generally have fewer.
Limestone grottoes with stalactites and stalagmites invite explorers.
Limestone has a farming and cattle operation.
Limestone has a number of other important uses .
Limestone has all the desired characteristics of an agricultural liming material.
Limestone has many important uses.
Limestone has many other uses.
Limestone has the property of being very soluble in weak acid solutions.
Limestone has two properties that make it susceptible to cave formation.
Limestone is a calcium carbonate, and it is alkali.
Limestone is a common example.
Limestone is a common organic.
Limestone is a compound of calcium.
Limestone is a fairly common rock type.
Limestone is a good selection.
Limestone is a porous rock, capable of cracking, breaking and dissolving.
Limestone is a rock composed of calcium, carbon and oxygen.
Limestone is a rock made mostly of the mineral calcite.
Limestone is a rock made up of different types minerals, mainly calcium carbonate and magnesium .
Limestone is a rock that is composed primarily of calcium carbonate.
Limestone is a rock with an enormous diversity of uses.
Limestone is a rock.
Limestone is a Sedimentary rock and therefore is layered horizontally.
Limestone is a sedimentary rock composed of primarily calcium carbonate.
Limestone is a sedimentary rock deposited in oceans.
Limestone is a sedimentary rock that is composed primarily of calcite.
Limestone is a sedimentary rock that is made by the organic and mineral deposits of ancient oceans.
Limestone is a sedimentary rock
Limestone is a sedimentary rock, made of bits dropping to the bottom of the sea.
Limestone is a sedimentary rock.
Limestone is a source of calcium.
Limestone is a stone
Limestone is a type of carbonate rock that is conducive to cave formation.
Limestone is a type of sedimentary rock.
Limestone is a typical local building material.
Limestone is a very useful mineral.
Limestone is actually one form of mineral called calcium carbonate .
Limestone is added at the top , and quicklime is removed from the bottom in a continuous process .
Limestone is added to acid soils to replace singly charged hydrogen ions on the clay particles.
Limestone is added to soil to increase the pH, but also supplies some plant nutrients.
Limestone is also a raw material for the chemical industry and is utilized as a soil conditioner.
Limestone is also important for limpograss production.
Limestone is among our Nation's most essential resources.
Limestone is an abundant bedrock in the state.
Limestone is an essential mineral commodity of national importance.
Limestone is an example of an organic sediment.
Limestone is an example.
Limestone is an organic, sedimentary rock.
Limestone is another common sedimentary rock in Kansas.
Limestone is another decorative stone that often features fossils imbedded in it.
Limestone is available in naturally fine-grained and layers in Quarry.
Limestone is calcium carbonate, and dolomite is a mixture of calcium and magnesium carbonates.
Limestone is carbonate rocks.
Limestone is composed mostly of calcium carbonate remains of plants and animals.
Limestone is composed of calcium carbonate and magnesium carbonate.
Limestone is composed primarily of the mineral calcite, or calcium carbonate.
Limestone is considered a carbonate rock.
Limestone is consolidated limy mud or calcareous sand, with fossil shells and shell fragments.
Limestone is conveyed from the middle of the stockpile to the system's stacker.
Limestone is created by the body parts of sea creatures.
Limestone is described by homeopathy as the spine, the backbone, of the planet.
Limestone is dissolved and removed by subsurface water resulting in underground caverns.
Limestone is extremely durable.
Limestone is fairly soft, yet it is used in many ways.
Limestone is formed by the accumulation of the skeletons and shells of small sea life.
Limestone is formed by the the shells and skeletons of millions of marine organisms.
Limestone is formed in layers - called bedding planes.
Limestone is found in abundance in the broken and hilly section of the county.
Limestone is found in all parts of the county.
Limestone is found nearby.
Limestone is found, and there is a good ten-foot vein of coal.
Limestone is in poor condition.
Limestone is injected into the boiler to control sulfur emissions.
Limestone is insoluble in pure water but dissolves in acid.
Limestone is introduced into the boiler, either at the point of combustion or immediately after.
Limestone is just ancient marine skeleton etc, i.e old reef.
Limestone is known to contain lime from sea water.
Limestone is less satisfactory because it is less porous, but well-weathered limestone is striking.
Limestone is made from calcite.
Limestone is made of calcite.
Limestone is made of calcium and carbon dioxide.
Limestone is made out of the shells of zillions of little tiny sea snails and creatures like that.
Limestone is made primarily of calcium carbonate.
Limestone is made up of calcium carbonate and reacts with diluted hydrocloric acid.
Limestone is mainly calcium carbonate .
Limestone is mainly calcium carbonate.
Limestone is mined in several places within the sub-subsection.
Limestone is mined where oceans once existed and are remains of sea life, oysters, clams etc.
Limestone is mostly calcium carbonate.
Limestone is noncrystalline and possesses very uniform composition, texture and structure.
Limestone is one example of a carbonate rock.
Limestone is one of Alberta's most valuable non-energy minerals.
Limestone is one of the few natural resources in which Japan is totally self-sufficient.
Limestone is one of the most widely-consumed raw materials.
Limestone is one of the very common sedimentary rocks comprising the upper crust of the earth .
Limestone is partially soluble, especially in acid, and therefore forms many erosional landforms.
Limestone is perhaps the most well-known of Indiana's natural resources.
Limestone is picked third.
Limestone is pink.
Limestone is plentiful, and there is also ironstone.
Limestone is porous and allows rapid movement of water and chemicals to groundwater supplies.
Limestone is porous material and age and exposure to the elements created breaks in the limestone.
Limestone is predominant all over the way.
Limestone is quarried commercially for lime and building stone.
Limestone is quarried for use in the production of Portland cement.
Limestone is quarried here, and occasionally used for building purposes.
Limestone is quarried in benches.
Limestone is quarried nearby.
Limestone is quarried west of Fredericksburg.
Limestone is quite soft and is often cut away by the action of water.
Limestone is ranked first in the Division II national poll.
Limestone is rare.
Limestone is readily available and relatively easy to cut into blocks or more elaborate carving.
Limestone is relatively soft and can be scratched with a key.
Limestone is rocks.
Limestone is second only to coal as Kentucky's most important mineral product.
Limestone is sedimentary rocks.
Limestone is slowly soluble in water.
Limestone is so heavy that it gradually sinks underneath the Earth's mantle, where it melts.
Limestone is supposed to be a solid rock.
Limestone is the bedrock and the gravel is the top layer.
Limestone is the best rock for storing used nuclear fuel.
Limestone is the calcium-containing material most used to make cement.
Limestone is the cheapest form of calcium available.
Limestone is the chief constituent of the mountains of Syria.
Limestone is the foundation on which the surface of Florida sits.
Limestone is the major natural resource.
Limestone is the most abundant of the non-clastic sedimentary rocks.
Limestone is the most common rock in the park, and the foundation of the caves.
Limestone is the most common type of carbonate rock.
Limestone is the most porous of the lot.
Limestone is the only acceptable answer.
Limestone is the only kind of Rock.
Limestone is the only rock found, particularly along the southwest portion of the state.
Limestone is the parent material for most of the soils throughout much of Indiana and the Midwest.
Limestone is the rock formed by calcite.
Limestone is the rock most rapidly weathered in humid climates.
Limestone is the second most used building stone.
Limestone is the state stone of Indiana.
Limestone is typically tan to gray.
Limestone is used as a filler in a variety of products, including paper, plastic, and paint.
Limestone is used extensively in Michigan to refine beet sugar.
Limestone is used in construction almost everywhere.
Limestone is used in making cement and gypsum is used in making sheet rock.
Limestone is used in many ways.
Limestone is used in road construction, steel-making, concrete and cement.
Limestone is used in the production of cement, lime, building stone, etc.
Limestone is used to adjust the soil acidity.
Limestone is used to make glass and cement .
Limestone is used to make glass and cement.
Limestone is very common in architecture, especially in Europe and North America.
Limestone is very common there.
Limestone is very slippery when wet.
Limestone is very soluble.
Limestone is what use to cover the ground in most of that very area of the Yucatan.
Limestone is widespread and quarried extensively, but there are few other mineral resources.
Limestone isa material.
Limestone isa stuff.
Limestone makes great building stone.
Limestone makes up the majority of caves in the United States.
Limestone occurs at the edge of the coalfields, and some very long cave systems can be found.
Limestone occurs in thick beds that can be hundreds of feet thick.
Limestone offers a non-slippery surface that suits for flooring purpose.
Limestone raises the alkalinity.
Limestone reflects the characteristics and enhances many different building styles.
Limestone requires moisture to react.
Limestone requires time to react with soil.
Limestone seems to survive acid rain better than marble, so is a good choice for outdoor sculpture.
Limestone takes four to six weeks to adjust water quality.
Limestone tends to raise the pH which, in turn, can reduce silage quality.
Limestone varies from astoundingly good to astoundingly bad.
Limestone varies in hardness and is also a porous material that requires resealing.
Limestones are a common type of sedimentary rock.
Limestones are the primary rock records of ancient oceans and atmospheres.
Limestones Click to see the pictures of one of the highly used stones for commercial purposes.
Limestones crown the hills of the town.
Limestones dominate the rest of the Mississippian-age deposits of northern Arkansas.
Limestones have joints running at right angles to each other.
Limestone's of various types cover about two-thirds of the island.
Limestones originate mainly through the lithification of loose carbonate sediments.
Limestones frequently contain fossils.
Limestone usually forms in warm shallow seas, where many types of organisms live.
Limestones usually come from shells or ancient sea animals.
All limestones are now in an active marine phreatic zone.
All limestones contain at least a few percent other materials.
Many limestones are fossil-bearing.
Many limestones contain coral .
Many limestones contain fossils , and some are made up almost entirely of skeletal material .
Many limestones contain fossils, and some are made up almost entirely of skeletal material.
Many limestones contain fossils, because many organisms make their shells from calcite.
Most limestone is gray, but it can be all colors ranging from white to black.
Most limestone is made into crushed stone and used as a construction material.
Most limestones have a granular texture.
Much limestone is made up of marine animals and contains pieces of shells, corals, and mollusks.
Some limestone consists of carbonate sand grain.
Some limestone consists of coarse grain.
Some limestone consists of grain.
Some limestone dissolves in water.
Some limestone is used as dimensional building stone.
Some limestone uses in trials.
Some limestones are also aquifers, that is, they are rock units that can yield water to wells.
Some limestones are thousands of meters thick.
Some limestones can form by direct precipitation of calcium carbonate from marine or fresh water.
A limewater is water
Limewater is a clear, saturated water solution of calcium hydroxide.
Limewater is present.
Limewater is used to test for carbon dioxide .
Limewaters are water.
Limey cops do without guns at all.
Liminal space is dangerous, uncomforted territory.
Liminal things are powerful, even magical by virtue of their falling between the cracks.
Most liming materials are in fine, dusty powders.
Most liming materials are light-colored and easy to see on the soil.
Liminga soils are on relict beach ridges, dunes, moraines, outwash plains, kames and lake plains.
Limit analysis is studied.
Limit cycles are common in such systems.
Some limit cycles are more complicated than others.
Limit evidence suggests improvement.
Limit factors affect behavior.
Limit factors affect feed behavior.
Limit factors cause exponential growth.
Limit factors cause fluctuations.
Limit factors cause growth.
Limit factors change over time.
Limit factors include temperature.
Limit factors regulate growth.
Limit factors regulate phytoplankton growth.
Most limit factors affect behavior.
Most limit factors affect feed behavior.
Most limit factors change over time.
Most limit factors regulate growth.
Most limit factors regulate phytoplankton growth.
Some limit factors affect output.
Some limit factors affect pacas.
Some limit factors affect photosynthesis.
Some limit factors cause disturbances.
Some limit factors limit growth.
Limits of detection are dependent on target compound and water quality.
Limits of detection are shown below the table for each group of samples.
Limits of detection depend to a large extent on the properties of the sample being measured.
Limits of liability are for purchase price of each item.
Limit orders are especially useful on a low volume or highly volatility stock.
Limit orders are instructions to buy or sell at a specific price or better.
Limit orders are orders to buy a security only if it reaches a specified price.
Limit orders can go unfilled.
Limit orders can limit risk.
All limit orders are day orders unless otherwise stated.
Limit poker is like a job.
Some limit resources are provided by parents.
Limit situations provide information on the nature of central, stable, normal situations.
Limit switches allow the motor to provide only the scheduled amount of food preset by the user.
Limit switches are available.
Limit switches are internal and can be set for open and closed positions.
Limit switches are preset to prevent adjustment beyond normal viewing position.
Limit switches control the platform at each level, backed up by limit switches in the hoist motor.
Limit switches ensure safe operation.
Limit switches prevent over-driving the manipulator and damaging the motors.
A limit is extent
Limit abstracts to one side of one page.
Limit abstracts to one single-spaced page.
Limit answers to available space.
Limit answers to each inquiry to a maximum of the ten most significant items.
Limit answers to the space provided.
Limit appeals to two, carried out within five years maximum.
Limit building access to one or two points s the others can be shut down.
Limit calls in number and duration.
Limit calls to three to five minutes.
Limit carts to paths or roughs to lessen injury from traffic.
Limit changes to correction of printer's errors when possible.
Limit charges to only specific things, such as meals or gas.
Limit comments to less than three minutes.
Limit cookies, doughnuts, brownies, and other baked goods .
Limit cookies, snack cakes, doughnuts, brownies and other sweet baked goods .
Limit cookies, snack cakes, doughnuts, brownies and other sweet baked goods.
Limit copy to two or three paragraphs.
Limit cover letters to three or four paragraphs.
Limit critiques to a couple of handwritten pages.
Limit descriptions to a single line.
Limit determines the maximum or minimum amount by which the glyph can change.
Limit dives are one of the many test maneuvers performed during flutter testing.
Limit drinks or foods with additives.
Limit drinks to no more than one per hour.
Limit drinks to one drink per hour.
Limit drinks with caffeine, such as cola drinks and tea.
Limit eggs to three to four a week.
Limit figures to one per page.
Limit figures to the number necessary for clarity.
Limit fill only to that required to insure adequate drainage away from the foundation.
Limit GET information to a reasonable size.
Limit give children freedom to make decisions.
Limit idling when possible, avoid quick starts and drive within the speed limit.
Limit impacts due to urban and suburban runoff particularly in light of continued urbanization.
Limit includes children.
Limit increases as soon as six months with a good pay record.
Limit intake to no longer than four months.
Limit intake to one or two servings at dinner or throughout the evening.
Limit intake to six ounces per day of lean meat, poultry, and fish.
Limit intake to two drinks per day for men, and one drink per day for women.
Limit is five gallons.
Limit is five strings.
Limit is five works per author.
Limit is four tickets per day per applicant.
Limit is four tickets per day.
Limit is one class per session.
Limit is one deer of either sex.
Limit is one entry per day.
Limit is one entry per envelope and only one entry per household.
Limit is one entry per month.
Limit is one entry per person per email address.
Limit is one entry per writer.
Limit is one essay per week.
Limit is one hatchery trout or one hatchery steelhead.
Limit is one hour per day.
Limit is one hour when others are waiting.
Limit is one hour.
Limit is one legal buck.
Limit is one per SKU per location.
Limit is one prize per winner.
Limit is one request per day.
Limit is one weekly prize per participant.
Limit is per tax return rather than per student.
Limit is six band changes per clock hour.
Limit is six pictures.
Limit is six prints.
Limit is six rabbits.
Limit is six squirrels.
Limit is three books at a time.
Limit is three films.
Limit is three per person per day.
Limit is two classes per session.
Limit is two per person.
Limit is two photographic entries per person.
Limit is two tickets per person.
Limit is two.
Limit is untested.
Limit isa magnitude.
Limit leakages with earth or sand.
Limit ledes to one sentence.
Limit links away from the site to a single link area.
Limit lists to nine or fewer items.
Limit listserv subscriptions to four.
Limit looks for a specific value in a specified field.
Limit needs for additional staffing through automation of several tasks.
Limit notes on notecards to specific topics.
Limit now is computer memory.
Limit papers to eight single-spaced pages.
Limit pastels to springtime.
Limit play opportunities to so children have more time for academic tasks.
Limit play to several short sessions a day and make sure the kitten isn t bothered when sleeping.
Limit play with noisy toys.
Limit points for average genus.
Limit processes for age-dependent branching particle systems.
Limit purchases to family and close friends.
Limit purchases to one hand gun per month.
Limit purchases to one handgun per month.
Limit references to one page.
Limit releases to one or two pages.
Limit releases to two double-spaced typed pages.
Limit remains in effect for the remainder of the trading day.
Limit reprints to required readings.
Limit requests to a single award for any given manuscript.
Limit requests to one audit program per e-mail.
Limit requests to one chapter from each book and one journal article from each issue.
Limit requests to one name per letter, and enclose a self-addressed stamped envelope.
Limit requests to two reports per household, please.
Limit requests to two specific names.
Limit reset attempts to two, or as directed by railroad rules.
Limit responses to each question to one page.
Limit responses to honest, factual statements that respond directly to specific questions asked.
Limit responses to the interviewer s questions to two sentences, when possible.
Limit results to a particular domain or country.
Limit results to a particular exchange or enterprise.
Limit results to an operator.
Limit results to an province.
Limit results to answers to the questions stated in the scope of the work c.
Limit results to pages published within a specified period of time.
Limit resumes and additional information to two pages or less.
Limit reveals to one item at a time and use sequential reveals for related elements.
Limit rules to what is absolutely essential.
Limit searches to a specified time period e.g. one month, three months, six months etc.
Limit searches to specific years.
Limit searches to title and abstract fields only to reduce number of results.
Limit searches to unreplied or replied messages.
Limit snacks one hour before dinner.
Limit sodas to one a day.
Limit states for elements and systems at service loads and overload.
Limit steps to a single action.
Limit stripes to very fine, subdued, and close-together versions.
Limit switches and locking and safety devices.
Limit switches and safety products can account for another several thousand sensors.
Limit switches to be wired.
Limit tables to one per page.
Limit trans fats by avoiding foods that contain partially hydrogenated oil.
Limit treatments to problem colonies located in high-traffic areas or other trouble spots.
Limit treatments to the sunny areas next to homes or woody plants where injury is concentrated.
Limit varies by locality.
Limit viewing, provide choices, and talk about what is being shown.
Limit walks and active play to cool mornings and evenings.
Limits allow children to feel protected.
Limits also give a huge advantage to incumbents at the expense of challengers.
Limits also help keep incumbents in power.
Limits also relate to oversight.
Limits also take into account the amounts to which an individual is exposed from other sources.
Limits apply .
Limits apply cumulatively to each project for the academic semester, cycle or term.
Limits apply including limited carry forward of credits and recapture provisions.
Limits apply only to non-EU citizens.
Limits apply only to title and keyword searches.
Limits apply only to title searches.
Limits apply only to title searching.
Limits apply to full, partially full or empty alcoholic beverage containers.
Limits apply to non-residential properties.
Limits apply to the amount deductible.
Limits apply to the extent of copying.
Limits apply to the number of bags, weight and dimensions.
Limits apply to title, guided keyword, and keyword searches.
Limits apply to title, keyword, and guided keyword searches.
Limits apply, based on good web design and site performance.
Limits are a fiction invented by analysts.
Limits are a part of a young child's everyday life.
Limits are also different for faculty borrowers.
Limits are at the foundation of parenting responsibility.
Limits are available for language, date, location, etc.
Limits are barriers as well as thresholds, more or less easily passed over.
Limits are boundaries.
Limits are common and the average size is up from previous seasons.
Limits are crucial.
Limits are cumulative.
Limits are database specific.
Limits are different depending on the faculty.
Limits are easily configurable.
Limits are essential to differentiation.
Limits are extent.
Limits are extremities.
Limits are for the total of largemouth and smallmouth bass together.
Limits are further capped for joint borrowing between the subsidized and unsubsidized.
Limits are fuzzy, learning to constant testing of how much the students can get away with etc.
Limits are generous and the ducks are tough so bring lots of shells.
Limits are half that for single taxpayers.
Limits are higher for commercial computers.
Limits are higher for upperclass students.
Limits are higher on multifamily residences.
Limits are in effect until they are cleared.
Limits are inevitable and essential.
Limits are key.
Limits are liberal for light geese and generally restrictive for dark geese.
Limits are like the guardrails on a bridge - they provide a sense of security.
Limits are likely to be required on the stationing of Syrian forces near the Golan Heights.
Limits are likely to stay at a similar level.
Limits are longer as the distance from campus increases.
Limits are low and the straddles are disgraceful.
Limits are lower.
Limits are necessary to maintain safety, protect health and guard the rights of others.
Limits are now in place for baccalaureate programs.
Limits are one bushel per person per day or two bushels per boat per day.
Limits are one deer per firearm permit.
Limits are our friends.
Limits are preset to prevent an overdosage.
Limits are probably the closest thing to magic in mathematics.
Limits are specific behavioral expectations parents set for their children.
Limits are still common.
Limits are still important for a child to feel secure.
Limits are subject to change and to variable limit rules.
Limits are subject to change without notice.
Limits are that nothing illegal can be produced sold or bought.
Limits are the foundation of the calculus.
Limits are the membrane of any functional system.
Limits are the result of a contract between the plan purchaser and the third-party payer.
Limits are the rule and the bite is as good as most anglers remember.
Limits are the rule with magic bucktail flies baited with strips of cut squid.
Limits are the rule with most anglers taking their daily limit of rockfish and lingcod.
Limits are the same as for the physician program.
Limits are the same for anglers of all ages.
Limits are therapy.
Limits are to be transcended responsibly.
Limits are two fish per day.
Limits are used to see what happens very close to things .
Limits are used to see what happens very close to things.
Limits are values translated into guidelines for children's behavior.
Limits are very common here.
Limits are very common.
Limits are very important in calculus .
Limits are voluntary.
Limits are ways to restrict a search to a defined subset of the database.
Limits are well above federal poverty levels .
Limits are well above federal poverty levels.
Limits are where the concept of infinity comes into play.
Limits are why a lot of men on the net have posed as women and vice versa.
Limits begin to dissolve.
Limits calls to reference activity.
Limits can apply to keyword searches.
Limits can be another issue.
Limits can be positive or negative values.
Limits can be set on the computer resources a query can consume.
Limits can help focus a broad-based search.
Limits can serve as road signs to guide children.
Limits come with prohibition, or through personally imposed controls.
Limits create boundaries within which the creative energy can flow.
Limits depend on ecological factors.
Limits depend on factors.
Limits depend on percent of marine carbon.
Limits do apply.
Limits do exist on the purchase of foreign exchange for business travel or personal use.
Limits exist for a number of chemicals believed to have endocrine disrupting potential.
Limits exist for services and prior approval is required.
Limits exist for the total amount of opioids, the daily amount, the duration of every priscription.
Limits exist on several levels in the database.
Limits explains how library staff distinguish between legal reference and legal advice.
Limits Find the limits of equations using the four step method.
Limits force one to think of work-arounds and alternate ways to get an audio result.
Limits have reasons.
Limits have to be set with the patient, but with the utmost skill and sensitivity.
Limits Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Limits help children discriminate between what is safe and what is dangerous.
Limits help children feel safe and learn appropriate behavior for their age.
Limits help children to feel secure.
Limits help keep children safe.
Limits help kids develop inner control.
Limits help prevent misbehavior by setting boundaries for a child.
Limits help teach children appropriate behavior.
Limits link is available on the initial search screen.
Limits make for good art.
Limits make the game.
Limits only apply to title and keyword searches.
Limits protect fish of certain sizes.
Limits protect spawning-size fish.
Limits provide a sense of security.
Limits reimbursement available to certain members of the committee to mileage.
Limits remain in effect until cleared or changed.
Limits remain, though.
Limits repeat bankruptcy filings.
Limits respected, beginners welcome.
Limits search only for names with entered end.
Limits searches to sites chosen by a group of editors.
Limits searches to sites containing only legal material, resulting in faster more accurate searches.
Limits seem ludicrous.
Limits set for new coastal state park Officials rule out a fishing pier and beach.
Limits share the harvest among more anglers.
Limits sounds from becoming too loud without the distortion of linear technology.
Limits Specify any limits on the expenditure.
Limits stay at their base values.
Limits stay in effect for succeeding searches until changed.
Limits vary according to the number of outstaing share and trading volume.
Limits vary according to the number of outstanding shares and trading volume.
Limits vary among individuals, whose experiences shape opinions about which dings can be repaired.
Limits vary by community.
Limits vary by operation.
Limits vary by state.
Limits vary depending on circumstances, such as family size.
Limits vary depending on credit application.
Limits vary from database to database .
Limits vary from database to database.
Limits vary with actual coverage.
Limits vary with benefits.
Limits vary with season.
Limits vary with the risk and carrier.
Limits vary, so request a copy of the parks' fishing regulations.
Limits work for all searches.
Limits work only with title or journal title searches.
All limits are above industry averages.
All limits are for an entire day.
All limits are per vessel per month unless otherwise stated.
All limits are self-imposed.
Any limit depends more on the availability of the nodes.
Every limit is a beginning as well as an ending.
Most limits depend on ecological factors.
Most limits depend on factors.
Some limits apply to appropriations, some to revenue.
Some limits apply, depending on the amount of word involved.
Some limits apply, however, if the total amounts borrowed exceed the value of the home.
Some limits apply.
Some limits are combined and some are separated by species.
Some limits are due to existing software.
Some limits are fixed, some depend on memory.
Some limits are hard to evaluate directly.
Some limits are just sexual stereotypes used by women who have been burned too many times.
Some limits are negotiable and some are purely a child s choice.
Some limits are, of course, necessary.
Some limits do apply to coverage.
Some limits do apply.
Some limits have impact.
Some limits protect children and others from psychological harm.
A limitation is disadvantage
Limitation are generally user-defined.
Limitation begins to run, when.
Limitation depends on foundry capabilities.
Limitation gives way to opportunity.
Limitation is a convenient way of expressing the role of the environment on particular organisms.
Limitation is dictated only by the number of students the facility can accommodate.
Limitation is high cost.
Limitation is it can only access data through links that are planned in advance.
Limitation is that adhesion to many substrates limited in the absence of a primer.
Limitation is that changing amino acids often effects other aspects of catalysis as well.
Limitation is that optical properties are inferior to acrylics.
Limitation is the high specific gravity for polymeric material.
Limitation is the springboard of invention.
Limitation is the tendency to form tracking paths at high voltages.
Limitation isa rule.
Limitation varies depending upon the number of principals in the firm.
Limitations affect growth.
Limitations affect patterns.
Limitations affect population growth.
Limitations also apply to instructional employees who take leave near the end of a semester.
Limitations apply for both life insurance and disability insurance coverage.
Limitations apply to coverage.
Limitations apply to instructional employees who take intermittent or reduced leave.
Limitations apply to payments made in agency and independent adoptions.
Limitations apply to student-athletes and an institution.
Limitations apply to valuables.
Limitations apply, see page for details.
Limitations are . . .
Limitations are as follows.
Limitations are definitely there.
Limitations are difficult to weld.
Limitations are disadvantage.
Limitations are easy deception by enemy jamming, and less range when compared to other modes.
Limitations are effective only if they have a solid foundation in our mind, in our paradigm.
Limitations are essentially a thing of the mind.
Limitations are for other guys.
Limitations are frustrating and painful.
Limitations are generally user-defined.
Limitations are higher cost.
Limitations are liberating, and their solutions self-directing.
Limitations are like fences.
Limitations are long heat treatment time.
Limitations are of high cost, in particular of speciality grades.
Limitations are often creative incentives.
Limitations are only in the mind.
Limitations are recovery from bending or stretching damped compared to rubber.
Limitations are regulations.
Limitations are that applications are confined to electrical or decorative products.
Limitations are that forms are hard and brittle.
Limitations are that high-pressure processing equipment is needed.
Limitations are that it has higher cost and thermal processing is more difficult.
Limitations are that it has poor oxidative stability, some moisture sensitivity.
Limitations are that it is attacked by strong acids and alkalis.
Limitations are that it is combustible - self extinguishing grades are available in sheet form only.
Limitations are that it is susceptible to weathering, UV light and environmental stress-cracking.
Limitations are that many grades have a short shelf life, therefore cool storage is necessary.
Limitations are the incompleteness of the collected data for specific types of economic activity.
Limitations are the length and file size of the video.
Limitations are the soil from which creativity grows.
Limitations are there for a good reason flight operations safety.
Limitations are time limits.
Limitations are to be placed on the officials who have access to electronic material.
Limitations are very brittle -must be subjected to compressive loads only, unless supported.
Limitations are very difficult and expensive to modify or overcome for the desired use.
Limitations become advantages and new and unfamiliar phenomena become fresh challenges.
Limitations begin with course choice made during the sophomore year.
Limitations call for interesting solutions.
Limitations can be a good thing to motivate creativity.
Limitations can be sad, indeed.
Limitations can show up in spoken and written language,coordination, self control, or attention.
Limitations can stimulate the ingenuity of a great artist.
Limitations can vanish.
Limitations can, paradoxically, be an enormous source of liberation to an artist.
Limitations come from the amount of RAM and hard drive space available mainly.
Limitations come in the form of both hardware and software.
Limitations Complete urine collections require vigilance on the part of nursing personnel.
Limitations consist of concentration-based limits and pounds per acre limits.
Limitations Constructed wetlands require more space than mechanical treatment.
Limitations Currently work with single crystal form and use of improper symmetry is supported.
Limitations define daily life in Angola.
Limitations Describe cabling limitations caused by attenuation.
Limitations differ on shipments originating from Canada.
Limitations differ on shipments originating in Canada.
Limitations do apply.
Limitations do exist, depending on the specific application.
Limitations do exist.
Limitations Estimating the size of a hidden population is inherently difficult.
Limitations exist in digital acquisition and display of the most common exam, projection X-ray.
Limitations exist on works requiring electricity and maintenance.
Limitations exist regarding the reservoir characteristics.
Limitations exist regarding the time of implementation.
Limitations Fixed storage allocation is used.
Limitations guide breakthroughs.
Limitations here is the lack of established pharmacokinetic and problem with recrudescence.
Limitations imposed by government agencies seek to keep research findings within the common domain.
Limitations imposed by law are obvious.
Limitations imposed on cross-examination are within the discretion of the trial judge.
Limitations include extreme heat.
Limitations include heat.
Limitations mean what they say.
Limitations occur in many forms in the athlete- mental, nutritional, muscular, flexibility, etc .
Limitations only confound . . . until they are understood.
Limitations Only describes current work practice.
Limitations provide a frame of reference, something to push against, a way to grow.
Limitations requiring assistance occur at every age, income and educational level.
Limitations See bode .
Limitations See the discussion of fft-fgn's limitations .
Limitations set boundaries of the study.
Limitations sg is intended only for experimental use.
Limitations still exist, however.
Limitations vary according to the time of year and the weather.
Limitations vary from person to person.
Limitations Wears off and scratches quickly and is difficult to patch without detection.
All limitations are self-imposed.
Any limitation is in the capability of the individual reader rather than the technology.
Any limitations are the result of other factors, such as drainage.
Every limitation is a master.
Many limitations exist in some of today's equipment and technology.
Most limitations affect growth.
Most limitations affect patterns.
Most limitations affect population growth.
Most limitations are in response to the borrower's abuse of privileges.
Most limitations are self-imposed.
Some limitation is therefore necessary for the protection of the general public.
Some limitations affect observers.
Some limitations apply .
Some limitations apply because of size and extent of markets covered.
Some limitations apply to non-McMaster borrowers.
Some limitations apply to states.
Some limitations apply when considering e-mail content and source.
Some limitations apply where special overlay district regulations exist for a property.
Some limitations apply, and full eligibility rules are contained in the member's benefit manual.
Some limitations apply, and substantial prepayment is required.
Some limitations apply, call for a complete list of terms and conditions.
Some limitations apply, call for specific details.
Some limitations apply, please call for more details.
Some limitations apply.
Some limitations are easy to spotted.
Some limitations are necessary for thesis topics.
Some limitations are particularly noticeable.
Some limitations do apply .
Some limitations do apply to our unlimited traffic plans.
Some limitations do apply.
Some limitations exist concerning currency exchange.
Some limitations exist in the number of menu items possible at each course due to preparation time.
Some limitations exist on the use of library community rooms.
Some limitations explain growth.
Some limitations occur during spring fire season.
Some limitations regarding the board size, number of layers and number of schematic sheets apply.
Some limitations relate to specific statutes.
Some limitations remain, however.
Limited abduction is the most reliable sign in the older infant.
Limited acceptance plagues all alternative payment methods.
Limited access is a significant barrier to technology use in secondary schools.
Limited access is also available via phone, fax, e-mail, I.D. mail and U.S. mail.
Limited access is available at other picnic areas.
Limited access is available at some neighborhood schools.
Limited access is available for the handicapped.
Limited access is available from above the plate.
Limited access is available on other weekdays.
Limited access is available through commercial on-line services at very reasonable cost.
Limited access is encouraged on major collectors.
Limited access is free.
Limited access is provided for security reasons.
Limited access is universally free.
Limited access makes the road a peaceful place.
Limited access means a user has read-only privileges.
Limited accommodation is available at a nearby hotel at a special concessionary rate.
Limited accommodation is available for overnight stays.
Limited accommodation is available for singles.
Limited accommodation is available in the Halls of Residence.
Limited accommodation is available on campus, as follows.
Limited accommodation is available on campus.
Limited accommodation is available.
Limited accommodation is provided.
Limited accommodations are available at the Ranch by prior reservation.
Limited accommodations are available during the winter season.
Limited accommodations are available for disabled students.
Limited accommodations are available on the campus of the monastery.
Limited accommodations are available to students attending system community colleges.
Limited accommodations exist for the regular assessments.
All limited accounts are due upon receipt of the statement.
Limited acreage continues to be planted.
Limited acreage is protected by freeze covers.
Limited actions beget limited results.
Limited activity is necessary with respect to the puncture site for the remainder of the day.
Limited addition bears available.
Limited advertising is available in each issue.
Limited advertising is undertaken, usually in conjunction with tourism operators, airlines, etc.
Limited aid is also available for summer school.
Limited allocations are available.
Limited alternatives are available for off post housing.
Some limited amendment is, therefore, unavoidable.
Limited apartments are available for single graduate students without dependents.
Limited applications are available.
Limited appointees serve solely at the discretion of the responsible authority.
Limited appointments are administrators who have no set time period for employment.
Limited appointments are available and are three hours in length.
Limited appointments are available during the clinic and can be made at reception.
Limited appointments are available for adults and children.
Limited appointments are available on the weekends.
Limited appointments are available so book in advance.
Limited appointments are available.
Limited areas are available for posting of public notices.
Limited areas are in deciduous fruit trees.
Limited assistance can create lasting benefit.
Limited assistance introduces weight-bearing assistance.
Limited assistance is also available to low- income or disabled customers.
Limited assistance is also available.
Limited assistance is available as part of the regular reference desk operation.
Limited assistance is available evenings and weekends.
Limited assistance is available for dependants in New Zealand.
Limited assistance is available for needy clients.
Limited assistance is available for new cadets.
Limited assistance is available for producing web pages.
Limited assistance is available for starting computers and printers only.
Limited assistance is available for subsequent prostheses.
Limited assistance is available from library circulation staff evenings and weekends.
Limited assistance is available from the library staff.
Limited assistance is available on evenings and weekends.
Limited assistance is available to replace broken or ineffecient refrigerators and furnaces.
Limited assistance is available to visitors.
Limited assistance is available via telephone.
Limited assistance is available.
Limited assistance is provided by one staff person and volunteers.
Limited assistance is provided to solve problems even when they are in the customer's machine.
Limited attendance provides an interactive learning experience.
Limited attention is given to the control of representative species of economic importance.
Limited availability call immediately.
Limited availability coupled with premium prices create a false impression of superiority.
Limited availability exists in many areas.
Some limited availability exists during the school year for extended tours.
Most limited awards are university-nominated.
Limited bandwidth can jam up traffic, forcing some slices of processing to wait in long queues.
Limited bandwidth has a direct impact on the sophistication of technology that courses can use.
Limited bar seating for evening shows, so stand up and sway to the rhythm.
Limited barriers exist to prevent local residents or animals from entering the site.
Limited bedding is provided by the dorms.
Limited benefits apply.
Limited bibliographies accompany each entry.
Limited boundaries spawn limited dreams.
Limited breedings are available.
Limited budget translates into a limited number of hours in the studio for making their recording.
Limited budgets are available for marketing and advertising.
Limited budgets dampen the speed at which expensive technology can be acquired in schools.
Limited budgets mean buyers only get so many titles.
Limited budgets require justification of expenditures.
Limited camping is available.
Limited camping is limited but available.
Limited camping is permitted on the management area and a concession is in operation.
Limited campsites are available although tuition remains the same.
Limited campsites are available for reserving.
Limited canopies are available for rent.
Limited capability based on rudimentary models exists at operational centers.
Limited capacity exists to record sponsorship defaults.
Limited care is available to pets belonging to active duty and retired military personnel.
Limited case reports of reversible hepatitis and hyperbilirubinemia.
Limited centralisation delivers extra purchasing and cross-marketing strength.
Limited change is available at the service desk.
Limited childcare is available at the school.
Limited childcare is available with all daytime courses.
Limited childcare is available.
Limited childcare is provided.
Limited choice is never fun.
Limited collaboration is permitted on homework.
A limited company is a company
Limited companies pay corporation tax on their profits.
Limited companies see Trading organization .
Limited competition exists for wireless and value-added services.
More limited conflicts afflict other countries, including Uganda and Senegal.
Limited contact reduces the possibility of bias.
Limited contents is here.
Limited copies are available for purchase.
Limited copies are available of the following years.
Limited copies are available upon request for most of the publications.
Limited copies are available upon request.
Limited copies are available without cost.
Limited copies are available, so please call for availability.
Limited copies are available.
Limited copies are still available.
Limited copies come with a free cassette, an extra track, and a lollipop.
Limited copies remain and out of print.
Limited counseling is available during registration periods.
Limited courses offered in the extension program are available in the program insert.
Limited coursework is also available in African and Middle Eastern studies.
Limited coverage applies to property elsewhere.
Limited coverage is available for expenses incurred out of network.
Limited coverage is given to international institutions.
Limited cutting is permissible.
Limited damage is treated more successfully than widespread damage.
Limited damages are available.
Limited damages make it easier for HMOs to deny claims, because they face little risk.
Limited dates are available.
Limited dates remain open.
Limited data are also available for planktonic foraminifers over the same intervals.
Limited data are available about the role of microsporidia in travelers' diarrhea.
Limited data are available for drug use in liver disease.
Limited data are available for patients receiving ketoconazole with hepatic dysfunction.
Limited data are available for women.
Limited data are available from the Canadian Arctic.
Limited data are available in regard to overdosage in humans.
Limited data are available on reproductive parameters in both wild and captive white-cheeked gibbon.
Limited data are available on resistance growth rates, especially outside of Thailand.
Limited data are available on the carcinogenic effects of cobalt.
Limited data are available on the carcinogenic effects of methyl ethyl ketone.
Limited data are available on the carcinogenic effects of phenol.
Limited data are available on the costs of different media.
Limited data are available on the reproductive or developmental effects of acrolein.
Limited data are available on the reproductive or developmental effects of aniline.
Limited data are available on the reproductive toxicity of uranium.
Limited data are available on the use of polio vaccines in preterm infants.
Limited data are available on the use of pyrimethamine in the first trimester of pregnancy.
Limited data are available to describe the impact environment of sounding rocket payloads.
Limited data do suggest anthocyanins possess anticancer properties.
Limited data exist on the relationship of performance and zinc status.
Limited data exist with regard to the association with chromosomal aberrations.
Limited data indicate a sex difference in humans as regards the urinary metabolite pattern.
Limited data indicate that caffeine has the potential to biodegrade in soil.
Limited data indicate that caffeine has the potential to biodegrade in water.
Limited data indicate that mercury has accumulated in some fish.
Limited data indicate that the oral toxicity of beryllium is low.
Limited data indicate that treatment with either heparin or prednisone is equally efficacious.
Limited data is available for aluminum concentrations in the area soils.
Limited data is available for states and counties.
Limited data is available on pan evaporation, and soil temperatures.
Limited data is available on people with disabilities served in managed care programs.
Limited data is available on plasma glucagon levels in affected dogs.
Limited data is collected during visits to our web site.
Limited data is provided for other countries.
Limited data is provided for ZIP codes.
Limited data is received and reviewed in Finance to ensure accurate recording of fixed assets.
Limited data suggest that a history of infectious mononucleosis decreases disease risk.
Limited data suggest that abdominal obesity decreases the sensitivity of palpation.
Limited data suggest that fewer than half of all expelled kids enter alternative education programs.
Limited data suggest that imipramine is likely to be excreted in human breast milk.
Limited data suggest that thioridazine is likely to be excreted in human breast milk.
Limited data suggest that zotepine is an antipsychotic, at least as effective as typical drugs.
Limited decision making capacity covers a broad spectrum.
Limited defenses are available at the responding state.
Limited defenses are available in the summary proceeding at the responding state.
Limited delivery is available on office luncheons.
Limited delivery is offered.
Some limited delivery is available on really large items for a really large charge.
Limited demand is placed on the user's computer system as well as the telephone lines.
Limited development is an option.
Limited development is OK but much more can be gained in utilizing more of space in Park.
Limited development is sometimes the only way to protect an environmentally important property.
Limited dialogues take place within the discussion.
Limited digs are available so book early.
Limited digitization is underway.
Limited discovery can be disadvantageous.
Limited discovery is therefore necessary to guarantee the accused a fair trial.
Limited discretion is exercised in selecting methods and procedures of study, subject to review.
Limited discussions continue about registration.
Limited disruptions are also possible in the energy sector.
Limited distributions mean that, even under optimum conditions, population sizes are small.
Limited documentation is available with the student version.
Limited documentation is provided.
Limited domain approaches.
Limited doubles are available.
A limited edition is an edition
Limited edition bronzes.
Limited edition features centerfold fit for framing.
Limited edition is signed by the artist.
Limited edition prints as well as standard prints.
Limited edition prints available for purchase.
Limited edition prints available in the museum store.
Limited edition prints featuring several artists.
Limited edition prints for offices and homes are also available.
Limited edition prints for sale.
Limited edition prints from an original watercolor painting.
Limited edition prints from watercolor collage originals, with color coordinated envelopes.
Limited edition prints vs. original art.
Limited edition prints, too.
Limited edition wraps.
Limited editions are a definite and controlled number of prints based on an original.
Limited editions are a relatively recent development, dating from the late nineteenth century.
Limited editions are all hand numbered and signed by the artist.
Limited editions are always hand-numbered on the cel, and many are signed by the artists.
Limited editions are available and commissions are invited.
Limited editions are editions.
Limited editions are special items issued by the record company for a limited time.
Limited editions can be of print photographs or sculptures.
Limited editions carry a numbered understamp and edition certificate.
Limited editions do sell out.
All limited editions are subject to prior sale.
Most limited editions come sans dust wrapper.
Limited education can rule out jobs that are better paying and less physically arduous.
Limited effort is made to understand content at a very simplistic level.
Limited electricity is provided for lighting and heat.
Limited employment is possible on campus for a maximum of twenty hours per week.
Limited engagement ends soon.
Limited enrollment allows daily videotaping and individual stroke analysis.
Limited enrollment allows for lots of personal attention.
Limited enrollment allows maximum participation by attendees.
Limited enrollment assures that each student receives individualized attention.
Limited enrollment ensures maximum individual attention and supervision.
Limited enrollment ensures our ability to properly support affiliates.
Limited enrollment guarantees a high degree of individual attention from teachers and staff.
Limited enrollment guarantees the student artist individualized instruction.
Limited enrollment helps staff provide individual attention and guidance.
Limited enrollment helps to ensure an optimum learning environment.
Limited enrollment is by audition only.
Limited enrollment is offered to district court probation officers.
Limited enrollment provides equipment for each student.
Limited enrollment requires pre-registration and a fee.
Limited enrollment requires professor approval.
Limited enrolment ensures maximum participation.
Limited enrolment means that admission is competitive.
Limited entries are still available for participants.
Limited entry is a valuable management tool.
Limited entry is similar to IFQs.
Limited equipment is also available for personal check out.
Limited equipment is available for immediate check out.
Limited equipment is available for outdoor use.
Limited evidence exists for an association between inhalation exposure and reproductive effects.
Limited evidence is available for human evaluation.
Limited evidence is available on the wear of mobile-bearing knee implants.
Limited evidence suggests that alpacas are also susceptible to poisoning.
Limited evidence suggests that non-quinolone treatments in pregnancy are safe and effective.
Limited evidence suggests the existence of regional groups.
Some limited evidence supports sponging or bathing feverish children with tepid water.
Limited exceptions apply for some apprentices and student learners.
Limited exceptions apply.
Limited exceptions are possible when arranged in advance with member services manager.
Some limited exceptions are described below.
Some limited excerpts follow.
Limited exchanges equal limited opportunity.
Limited exemptions apply for certain internal investigations.
Limited exemptions exist.
Limited experience indicates that cuttings from firm, current season's growth strike reliably.
Limited experience is available with the use of intravenous gammaglobulin therapy.
Limited experiences affect how a young writer approaches writing.
Limited exposure creates wounds whose scars never seem to heal.
Limited expressions are a subset of regular expressions that appear often in practice.
Limited facilities are also available for screening short videos during the meeting.
Limited facilities are available for camping, canoeing, hiking, fishing and picnic activities.
Limited facilities are available for married students without children.
Limited facilities are available on campus for parking cars and motor cycles.
Limited facilities are available there such as water and restrooms.
Limited facilities are available, come dressed ready to run.
Limited facilities are available.
Limited facilities exist for cashing traveler's checks and wiring money into the country.
Limited facilities exist in main post offices and hotels.
Limited faculty means that some teachers travel to as many as four schools daily.
Limited fellowships are also available.
Limited fellowships are available.
Limited finance is obviously a factor to be taken into account.
Limited finances appear to play a role in some abusive situations.
Limited fishing is available in Jubilee Creek and in two ponds, one of which is stocked yearly.
Limited fishing is possible in river.
Limited flexibility enables the frame to absorb casual kinetic stress without any damage.
Limited flexibility is provided within the core.
Limited forms are available on line .
Limited forms are available throughout the year.
Limited fossil collecting for non-commercial, personal use on some public lands is legal.
Limited functionality is available using the links below.
Limited funds are also available for Ph.D. students to attend conferences to present their research.
Limited funds are also available on request for expenses related to the project.
Limited funds are also available to support research of a more preliminary nature.
Limited funds are available and are allotted on first come, first serve basis.
Limited funds are available annually on a competitive basis.
Limited funds are available for a select number of specially invited delegates based in the region.
Limited funds are available for childcare reimbursements.
Limited funds are available for document purchase.
Limited funds are available for educational purposes.
Limited funds are available for expendable supplies.
Limited funds are available for financial aid to deserving students.
Limited funds are available for financial assistance for low-income women to attend the program.
Limited funds are available for full or partial scholarships.
Limited funds are available for help with such problems in the rest of the county.
Limited funds are available for loss prevention projects.
Limited funds are available for matching gifts.
Limited funds are available for persons admitted later in the application process.
Limited funds are available for registration, lodging, and transportation for interested educators.
Limited funds are available for Russian interpreters.
Limited funds are available for scholarships .
Limited funds are available for scholarships to first-time participants.
Limited funds are available for short-term emergency loan assistance.
Limited funds are available for student wages and purchase of hardware, software, and peripherals.
Limited funds are available for students enrolled in tribes outside of Minnesota.
Limited funds are available for students who want to participate.
Limited funds are available for substitute teacher pay.
Limited funds are available for such purposes and are committed according to the guidelines.
Limited funds are available for support of attendees on a first come first serve basis.
Limited funds are available for transportation.
Limited funds are available for travel for Latin American participants.
Limited funds are available for travel support.
Limited funds are available for travel.
Limited funds are available for two paid internship positions.
Limited funds are available for work-study opportunities for international students.
Limited funds are available from the state.
Limited funds are available to assist faculty travel to off-campus assessment conferences.
Limited funds are available to assist groups requesting reduced admission.
Limited funds are available to assist young researchers to attend the conference.
Limited funds are available to complete projects, if needed.
Limited funds are available to contribute to speakers' expenses in exceptional circumstances.
Limited funds are available to cover the salaries of appropriate support staff.
Limited funds are available to cover the travel costs of students.
Limited funds are available to cover travel costs for interviews.
Limited funds are available to defray registration expenses.
Limited funds are available to fix drainage problems.
Limited funds are available to governments.
Limited funds are available to help defray expenses in some cases.
Limited funds are available to help schools unable to pay the full fee.
Limited funds are available to help support manuscript preparation for professional publication.
Limited funds are available to help support speakers some participants.
Limited funds are available to hire a substitute teacher if it is necessary.
Limited funds are available to offset some cost for some attendees.
Limited funds are available to offset the travel costs of U.S. investigators.
Limited funds are available to place valuable data sets on-line.
Limited funds are available to rent instruction videotapes for faculty for one-day classroom use.
Limited funds are available to subsidize such exploratory trips.
Limited funds are available to support graduate students and recent PhD's.
Limited funds are available to support participants.
Limited funds are available to support student participation in the workshop.
Limited funds are available to support the participation of postdocs and students.
Limited funds are available to support travel expenses.
Limited funds are available with implementing agencies to start preliminary work on rehabilitation.
Limited funds are available.
Limited funds are availiable to help homeless families.
Limited funds can present problems at the grocery store.
Limited funds exist for other participants.
Limited funds preclude a simple solution.
Limited funds remain available after the initial awards have been offered.
More limited funds narrows the margin for error.
Some limited funds are available to support contributors on request.
Limited funding allows for a finite number of media purchases.
Limited funding compounds the problems of the park.
Limited funding continues to come from the trust fund.
Limited funding is also available for agencies serving residents of the remainder service area.
Limited funding is also available for conference attendance.
Limited funding is also available for demonstrations and workshops.
Limited funding is also available for postdoctoral fellows.
Limited funding is also available for winter-break programs in Israel.
Limited funding is also available for young European researchers from non-European countries.
Limited funding is also available in the humanities and social sciences.
Limited funding is another concern.
Limited funding is available for departmental release.
Limited funding is available for field studies and travel to scientific meetings.
Limited funding is available for graduate student accommodation expenses.
Limited funding is available for immigrant populations.
Limited funding is available for international undergraduates.
Limited funding is available for members to attend.
Limited funding is available for student sponsored programs and events.
Limited funding is available for students who are unable to enroll on a full-time basis.
Limited funding is available for substitute-teacher reimbursement.
Limited funding is available for transportation and low-income student registration fees.
Limited funding is available for transportation.
Limited funding is available for travel expenses.
Limited funding is available for travel support.
Limited funding is available for travel.
Limited funding is available for treatment research and the complications of advanced alcoholism.
Limited funding is available from a variety of internal sources.
Limited funding is available on a case by case basis.
Limited funding is available to defray costs incurred by participants.
Limited funding is available to help cover equipment, uniform and travel expenses.
Limited funding is available to help defray the costs of attendees.
Limited funding is available to support expenses.
Limited funding is available to support travel.
Limited funding is available.
Limited funding limits the number of people who can participate.
Limited funding prevents budget instability.
Limited funding prevents the purchase of most other publications.
Limited germination occurs in the spring.
Limited goals create limited lives.
Limited government brings focus.
Limited government is a concept many people have difficulty grasping.
Limited government is a deterrent to politicians motivate by power.
Limited government is based upon unalienable rights that emanate from a divine source.
Limited government is best.
Limited government is coupled, however, with essentially unlimited expectations.
Limited government is necessary to foster civilization.
Limited government is the norm for natural order, unlimited government the norm for disorder.
Limited grants are also available to Oregon residents unable to afford the reduced tuition rates.
Limited grants are available in priority areas.
Limited graphics make for fast downloads.
Limited grazing can occur for a very short period of time.
Limited grazing creates a diversified habitat.
Limited groceries are available.
Limited guardianship provides the protection needed, but minimizes the loss of independence.
Limited guests result in limited fishing pressure and enhances the tranquillity of the experience.
Limited guidelines are available to assess wetlands ecological and hydrological viability.
Limited hardware provides mediocre results.
Some limited harvesting is underway throughout the Midwest.
Limited help is available, with possible problems and their solutions.
Limited help is available.
Limited help is avaliable from makecard -h.
Limited help is given for answers to contest questions.
Limited hours apply.
Limited hours are available.
Limited hours reduce revenues.
Limited housing is also available for attendees.
Limited housing is available at a modest cost.
Limited housing is available in members' homes.
Limited housing is available on a daily fee basis during winter and spring breaks.
Limited housing is available on a first-come basis.
Limited housing is available on campus or in nearby hotels.
Limited housing is available on campus.
Limited housing is available on Mt. Desert Island.
Limited housing is available to the family.
Limited housing is available, and early reservations are recommended.
Limited housing is available.
Limited hunts are available in Eastern New Mexico.
Limited ice is available at no extra charge.
Limited illumination restricts cones from sensing color.
Limited info includes a brief company outline and contact details for regional outlets.
Limited information exists about the application of the biopsychosocial model in medical practice.
Limited information exists on contamination of sediments by contemporary agricultural pesticides.
Limited information exists on linkage relationships and chromosomal mapping in Cucumis .
Limited information exists on thiethylperazine's effects during pregnancy or breast-feeding.
Limited information indicates that Colorado wildrye exhibits strong seed habits.
Limited information is also available on a number of reptiles, amphibians and mammals.
Limited information is also available on law enforcement personnel.
Limited information is available about the antigenic characteristics of recent European isolates.
Limited information is available about the characteristics of the joint fluid in fungal arthritis.
Limited information is available by mail.
Limited information is available for many of the chromosome abnormalities.
Limited information is available from non-point sources.
Limited information is available from research trials and progeny tests that have been conducted.
Limited information is available here now.
Limited information is available here.
Limited information is available on herbicide safety of newly planted buffalograss.
Limited information is available on the carcinogenic effects of ethylbenzene in humans or animals.
Limited information is available on the chronic effects of chlorine in humans.
Limited information is available on the condition of ecosystems at the habitat level.
Limited information is available on the health effects of carbonyl sulfide.
Limited information is available on the health effects of chloramben.
Limited information is available on the health effects of diethanolamine.
Limited information is available on the health effects of N -nitrosomorpholine.
Limited information is available on the health effects of propionaldehyde.
Limited information is available on the inhalation toxicity of lithium compounds.
Limited information is available on the pharmaceutical market.
Limited information is available on the reproductive effects of fluoride.
Limited information is available on the reproductive or developmental effects of the radionuclides.
Limited information is available on the trace element contents of soils in West Virginia.
Limited information is available regarding using influenza vaccine among pregnant women.
Limited information is available through correspondent bank relationships.
Limited information is available, but good links to other resources.
Limited information is currently available in English.
Limited information is derived from the monitoring of projects.
Limited information is indexed geographically.
Limited information is now available.
Limited information is piped, or narrowcasted, to users.
Limited information is provided in the report regarding what passive actions are appropriate.
Limited information leads to less self-segregation.
Some limited information is presented, but mostly a place to find other sites.
Limited intelligence has limited place in the public arena.
Limited intelligence is given of all other ships which can be seen.
Limited intelligence is handled in a very simple way, which provides for a lot of replayability.
Limited intelligence makes air ops a little hairy.
Limited interaction is less spontaneous and flexible for the student.
Limited internships are available for international students.
Limited intervention leads to unlimited intervention.
Limited inventory is on hand.
Limited investment gives better returns than any other rainfed crop.
Limited items are available for purchase.
Limited items are available in larger sizes.
Limited items are easy to come by, as well as rare shop items.
Limited jurisdiction means that a court has restrictions on the cases it can decide.
Limited jurisdiction means that a court has restrictions on the types of cases it decides.
Limited lending is possible.
A limited liability is financial obligation
Limited liability allows firms to shed their obligations towards their creditors.
Limited liability applies to all stockholders and there is no limit on the number of stockholders.
Limited liability encourages risk-taking activities.
Limited liability is a bigger problem.
Limited liability is a status bestowed by statute.
Limited liability is a valuable asset, especially when combined with partnership tax status.
Limited liability is afforded the partners.
Limited liability is granted to companies to encourage investment and capital growth.
Limited liability makes individual investors legally liable only for their share of the investment.
Limited liability necessitates some rules to protect corporate creditors.
Limited licenses are available by drawing.
Limited licenses are available.
Limited likes can be nutritionally adequate if they encompass all the food groups.
Limited links list.
Limited literacy is higher among the poor, prison inmates and people with disabilities.
Limited literacy is twice as high for francophones as for anglophones.
Limited lodging is available on our farm.
Limited lodging is available.
Limited lookups are available.
Limited lot permits .
Limited maintenance is done at the beginning of each season.
Limited manufacturer s warranty on manometer.
Limited markets exist for octopus at present.
Limited markets trap the alligator industry.
Limited marking is okay, except with study guides.
Limited materials have restrictions.
Limited membership is available for registration on first come first serve basis.
Limited membership is implied in the organization's name.
Limited membership keeps our golf course in peak condition.
Limited memberships are also available.
Limited memberships are available upon request.
Limited menu applies.
Limited migration exists.
Limited migrations occur inshore and northward in the spring and southward and offshore in the fall.
Limited mobility is an overlooked factor.
Limited mobility Use a pharmacy that delivers prescriptions.
Limited models are only available with the four-speed automatic.
Limited motion reduces inflammation, therefore decreasing the pain.
Limited movement can affect the quality of brushing and care the teeth receive.
Limited movement is permitted.
Limited mutations suggest anything else is an embryonic lethal change.
Limited narrative appears in the text.
Limited number are available.
Limited numbers are available for export, however, semen is readily available.
Limited numbers are available.
Limited numbers ensure an entirely relaxed environment.
Limited numbers is probably a good idea anyway.
Limited numbers remain .
Limited objectives lead to less limited objectives.
Limited offer call now for special pricing.
Limited omniscience See point of view.
Limited openings are available for brass players.
Limited openings are available in the lower grade levels.
Limited operation is possible, however, without user exits and resident memory.
Limited opportunities are also available for parachuting, glider and survival training courses.
Limited opportunities are also available in parachuting, glider and survival training courses.
Limited opportunities are available for exceptional juniors.
Limited opportunities are available for practice preaching with peer evaluation.
Limited opportunities are available, so please apply early.
Limited opportunities are available.
Limited opportunities exist for upland game bird hunting.
Limited opportunities exist for upland game birds.
Limited opportunities exist in teaching, research, and policy analysis for political scientists.
Limited opportunities exist.
Limited options are available.
Limited options prevent precision searching.
Limited packages are now available for sale through travel agents.
Limited packages avail.
Limited pairs are available.
Limited parking is also available at meters.
Limited parking is also available at the hotel and surrounding areas.
Limited parking is also available on Empire.
Limited parking is also available with the appropriate sticker.
Limited parking is at the rear.
Limited parking is available along the west side of the road.
Limited parking is available alongside of the house, with additional parking nearby.
Limited parking is available and the building has limited wheelchair access.
Limited parking is available at each site.
Limited parking is available at our suite.
Limited parking is available at prevailing rates.
Limited parking is available at the blufftop with paths leading down to the beach.
Limited parking is available at the Gardens.
Limited parking is available at the gate at the end of the town road.
Limited parking is available at the library.
Limited parking is available at the park.
Limited parking is available at the ranch.
Limited parking is available at the stadium.
Limited parking is available at the trailhead, but parking along the road to the base augments it.
Limited parking is available behind building.
Limited parking is available behind the museum.
Limited parking is available but there is no cost for admission.
Limited parking is available for an additional monthly charge.
Limited parking is available for apartment residents near the apartments.
Limited parking is available for patients.
Limited parking is available for visitors.
Limited parking is available in each residence hall parking area.
Limited parking is available in Ensign Street and surrounding streets.
Limited parking is available in front of the building.
Limited parking is available in the area.
Limited parking is available in the building s garage.
Limited parking is available in the campus lot.
Limited parking is available in the garage underneath the building.
Limited parking is available in the hotel garage.
Limited parking is available in the neighborhood.
Limited parking is available in the rear lot of the building.
Limited parking is available in the small lot behind the building.
Limited parking is available in the small Seawall lot.
Limited parking is available near dock, with additional parking within walking distance.
Limited parking is available near the road closure.
Limited parking is available nearby.
Limited parking is available off the road at the railroad cross.
Limited parking is available on a semester basis.
Limited parking is available on adjacent streets.
Limited parking is available on campus.
Limited parking is available on sidestreets around the campus.
Limited parking is available on site.
Limited parking is available on the grounds.
Limited parking is available on the north side of North Valley Road, under the powerline, in Pelham.
Limited parking is available on the property for an additional charge.
Limited parking is available on the shoulder on both sides of the bridge.
Limited parking is available on the south side of the building.
Limited parking is available on the street or in the lot adjacent to the museum.
Limited parking is available on the street.
Limited parking is available on the streets around the campus.
Limited parking is available outside the grounds on Observatory Circle.
Limited parking is available to students with urgent problems.
Limited parking is available to the left of the road, just after having come through the main gate.
Limited parking is available to the rear of the building.
Limited parking is available, but there is no fee for admittance.
Limited parking is available, by arrangement at the rear.
Limited parking is available, so carpooling is encouraged.
Limited parking is available.
Limited parking is expensive - pollution and congestion are huge problems.
Limited parking is free in the lot behind the center, plus there's plenty of street parking.
Limited parking is free.
Limited parking is in front.
Limited parking is located behind the gallery.
Limited parking is permitted on site.
Limited parking is provided at each major facility.
Limited parking is provided near each residence.
Limited parking is still available down the hill in front of the business school.
Limited parking metered spaces are available.
Limited participation is also possible via Internet email.
Limited participation is available to classes lacking a video system.
Limited partner can invest with a limit on personal liability.
Limited partner has no control over the business.
Limited partner has no participation in management.
Limited partner is three venture capital firms in Silicon Valley, and special advisor to one.
Limited partners are free of general liability for the debts and obligations of the firm.
Limited partners are liable for activities of the business to the extent of their investment.
Limited partners are liable for debt if they are active managers in the business.
Limited partners are only liable for debts to the extent of their capital invested.
Limited partners are usually just investors or promoters who seek the tax benefits of a partnership.
Limited partners are usually passive investors in the business.
Limited partners are usually passive investors.
Limited partners become general partners when they participate in the management of the business.
Limited partners can participate fully in the management of the partnership.
Limited partners can take no part in management of the business.
Limited partners contribute capital but normally have no management responsibility.
Limited partners contribute capital to the business, but have no management powers at all.
Limited partners earn income from the lease payments.
Limited partners expect a return on their investment in the form of cash or securities.
Limited partners have liability to the extent of their investment.
Limited partners have limited liability and are liable only to the extent of their investments.
Limited partners have limited liability.
Limited partners have no management voice in the firms' operation.
Limited partners have no management voice in the firm's operation.
Limited partners have no management voice in the operation of the firm.
Limited partners have the priority over the general partner upon the liquidation of the partnership.
Limited partners have virtually no voice in the management of the partnership.
Limited partners participate in the tax ramifications of the partnership.
Limited partners receive income, capital gains and tax benefits from the partnership.
Limited partners receive more protection.
Limited partners receive some of the profits and have no influence in management.
Most limited partners invest in a business.
Limited partnerships are able to use low-income housing tax credits to construct housing facilities.
Limited partnerships are attractive organizations for purposes of raising capital.
Limited partnerships are available to any employee based on their contributions.
Limited partnerships are available to shelter passive investors from liability.
Limited Partnerships are more formal.
Limited partnerships are partnerships.
Limited partnerships are popular in estate planning.
Limited partnerships can be an important component of a family s comprehensive wealth transfer plan.
Limited partnerships have both general and limited partners.
Limited partnerships Have two classes of partners, general and limited.
Limited partnerships have two classes of partners.
Limited partnerships involve many legalities.
Limited partnerships offer a number of additional benefits and drawbacks.
Limited partnerships require one or more personally liable general partners.
Limited passes are available.
Limited period applies.
Limited perishables are available.
Limited permission is granted for personal use only.
Limited permission is provided for teachers and educational web sites.
Limited permits are available through drawing.
Limited photocopies are available.
Limited photography is present in subject areas.
Limited places are available so please apply as soon as possible.
Limited places are available.
Limited placements are available in banking and finance, marine biology, and wildlife.
More limited policies restrict the number of days and some even require total and continuous.
Limited polymorphism is known.
Limited positions are available each year.
Limited positions are available for graduate students.
Limited positions are available for summer work.
Limited positions are available.
Limited power is a major drawback when it comes to battery powered chainsaws.
Limited prime is the next lowest cost, followed by category bid.
Limited processing is done on board the shrimpers, which at times catch also cuttlefish.
Limited production continues in South America, Indonesia and India.
Limited production makes it an instant collector's item.
Limited programs are available to assist qualified students in graduate study.
Limited protection allows the limitation of the scope and length of monopolies.
Limited protection amounts .
Limited quantities are available and can be seen and purchased at the monthly dances.
Limited quantities are available at no cost to developing country libraries.
Limited quantities are available for support for previous design-ins, or special applications.
Limited quantities are available free of charge to New York State residents.
Limited quantities are available in each size.
Limited quantities are available now.
Limited quantities are available while supplies last.
Limited quantities are available.
Limited quantities are currently available.
Limited quantities are essential to the normal development of cell membranes.
Limited quantities are still available.
Limited quantities remain of most other varieties, please order soon to avoid disappointment.
Limited quantities remain.
Limited quantity is available, please contact Sales for details.
Limited quantity remains in our warehouse.
Limited quantity remains.
Limited reach is one of the biggest failings of behavioral parent training.
Limited reading is assigned, but much time is required to prepare course assignments.
Limited reference is also available by telephone and correspondence.
Limited regulation can slow the development of uncontrollable nanotech.
Limited reimbursement is also available for travel costs.
Limited release indicates the product candidate has been release to a limited market segment.
Limited release offers better chance of grower return.
Limited relief is provided if misidentification is due to inadvertent error.
Limited rentals are available from Canoe Alaska by prior arrangement.
Limited reports document the frequency of symptomatic infection in elderly populations.
Limited reproduction is granted for classroom use, personal use, and for review purposes.
Some limited reproductions are available.
Limited research exists on the effects of summer school programs.
Limited research exists on the physical and emotional effects of computers on children.
Limited research is Available.
Limited research is conducted by volunteers upon request.
Limited research links heavy coffee drinking with heart attacks.
Limited research suggests soundness is at least moderately heritable.
Some limited research is offered in exchange for family files.
Limited residency ensures personal attention for each individual.
Limited resources affect the length of time a youth remains under maximum supervision.
Limited resources are a fact of each business sector.
Limited resources are a second serious barrier to delivering health and safety information in Utah.
Limited resources are also available for producing survey, quiz, database and multimedia sites.
Limited resources are available for Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba.
Limited resources are available for indigent care.
Limited resources are available for the enforcement and protection of intellectual property.
Limited resources are available through graduate departments.
Limited resources are available to assist participants from developing countries.
Limited resources are available to the public in our drop-in labs.
Limited resources are available. .
Limited resources are currently available for enforcement of the state clean indoor air law.
Limited resources are the reality of the unpaved road world.
Limited resources can also mean getting creative, such as utilizing email to reach customers.
Limited resources can also mean getting creative, such as utilizing e-mail to reach customers.
Limited resources can go a long way to provide information to rural areas.
Limited resources demand that no institution attempt to meet all needs.
Limited resources dictate that some WFOs disseminate information which is locale-specific.
Limited resources force poor people to think in terms of very short time horizons.
Limited resources hamper government drug control efforts.
Limited resources minimize our effectiveness.
Limited resources prevent the probation department from intensively supervising all offenders.
Limited resources prohibit reproduction of tables of contents, abstracts or actual articles.
Limited resources require directing funds toward the schools major objectives.
Limited resources require prioritization and innovation.
Limited resources require trade-offs between expenditure programmes.
Limited resources restrain our ability to repeat the enterprise.
Limited resources restrict the number of social workers in the military.
Limited rest combined with appropriate exercise and education is often the primary mode of therapy.
Limited restrictions apply.
Limited restrictions work through mid-day.
Limited results inspire more action.
A limited review is a register
Limited reviews are available.
Limited riding is available in some wooded areas.
Limited roads open.
Limited rooms are available at the special rate.
Limited rooms are available for early arrival for an extra charge.
Limited samples are now available.
Limited scalability is another criticism of Linux in the enterprise.
Limited schedule runs year round.
Limited scholarship are available for persons who qualify.
Limited scholarship is also available.
Limited scholarships are also available upon request.
Limited scholarships are also available.
Limited scholarships are available after registration.
Limited scholarships are available for financially disadvantaged and minority participants.
Limited scholarships are available for financially eligible non-members.
Limited scholarships are available for needy families.
Limited scholarships are available for other nonprofits via restricted funds.
Limited scholarships are available for parents and child care providers.
Limited scholarships are available for students who are residents of Minnesota.
Limited scholarships are available for veterinary students.
Limited scholarships are available on an as-needed basis.
Limited scholarships are available through local non-profit organizations.
Limited scholarships are available to both full and part-time students as funds permit.
Limited scholarships are available to international students during their first year of study.
Limited scholarships are available to low income persons.
Limited scholarships are available to Presbyterian clergy who meet specific qualifications.
Limited scholarships are available to successful applicants.
Limited scholarships are available to talented and qualified fine arts students.
Limited scholarships are available upon request.
Limited scholarships are available.
Some limited scholarships are available for PhD students, both from New Zealand and overseas.
Some limited scholarships are available.
Limited screen shots from television boradcast.
Limited searches are appropriate for all administrators other than senior administrators.
Limited searches continue.
Limited seats are available to members of the public, so it is essential to pre-register .
Limited seats are available.
Limited seats are still available.
Limited security is another issue of continuing concern.
Limited selection is practiced for reproductive rate.
Most limited series contain four issues, but size can range anywhere from two to twelve issues.
Limited server includes nntp server capabilities.
Limited service is also available during the library's evening and weekend hours.
Limited service is also available during the winter and summer break.
Limited service is also available over Long Weekends.
Limited service is available during summer months.
Limited service is available on weekends.
Limited service is available to senior citizens and persons with physical disabilities.
Limited service is availible in Spanish, Korean and other languages.
Limited service is now available.
Limited service is offered during the summer.
Limited service is provided during academic vacations and summer sessions.
Limited service is provided for summer quarter.
Limited service is provided in the off-season.
Limited services are also available for community members.
Limited services are also available for students' dependents.
Limited services are also available to faculty and staff on a fee basis.
Limited services are also available to student spouses and domestic partners.
Limited services are also freely available to consumers.
Limited services are available at several small towns along the way.
Limited services are available during summer months.
Limited services are available during summer session.
Limited services are available during the summer.
Limited services are available for a fee to non-student Campus Recreation members.
Limited services are available for children under age two.
Limited services are available for cleaning of natural waterways to remove debris and overgrowth.
Limited services are available for faculty and staff.
Limited services are available for horses.
Limited services are available near the South and East Entrances.
Limited services are available on the trail.
Limited services are available to faculty and students of other academic institutions.
Limited services are available to graduate students and alumni.
Limited services are available to income eligible older adults.
Limited services are available to retirees and off-site employees.
Limited services are available to state, local and federal agencies involved in energy activities.
Limited services are available to student's dependents.
Limited services are available.
Limited services includes stamp, registered mail, and return-receipt purchases.
Limited services operate on some routes.
Limited shopping is accessible by foot or bicycle.
Limited shotgun hunting for pheasant, grouse, and wild turkey is available during open seasons.
Limited singles are available at extra charge.
Limited sites are available, first come - first served.
Limited size allows a direct focus on personal growth, self-esteem, identity, and leadership.
Limited size promotes a collegial, intimate atmosphere among faculty and attendees.
Limited sizes are also available in green.
Limited slip is the generic term for any traction device that works via friction.
Limited slots are available for girls who live outside of Maine.
Limited slots are available.
Limited smoking is permitted in sone of the rooms.
Limited solutions means a limited market.
Limited space allows for one genealogist at a time.
Limited space calls for compact crops.
Limited space gives priority to local announcements.
Limited space is also available for participants alpacas.
Limited space is also available for student file storage on the server hard drive.
Limited space is also available on a commuter basis.
Limited space is availabe for each session.
Limited space is available , so make sure to arrive early.
Limited space is available and a nominal fee is charged.
Limited space is available and advanced registration is recommended at the center.
Limited space is available and all supplies and materials are furnished.
Limited space is available and early registration is encouraged.
Limited space is available at each of thes e workshops, so register as early as possible.
Limited space is available at the workshop through application.
Limited space is available for adults interested in sport conditioning.
Limited space is available for all wet labs.
Limited space is available for employers who still wish to purchase booth space.
Limited space is available for first and second session campers.
Limited space is available for genealogists.
Limited space is available for Guatemala and South Africa sites.
Limited space is available for lunch with the speakers.
Limited space is available for photographers in the lead vehicle.
Limited space is available for private social functions.
Limited space is available for short-term stays.
Limited space is available for students with families.
Limited space is available for the following experiences.
Limited space is available for the storage of large items.
Limited space is available for visitors in the monastery's guest quarters.
Limited space is available for walk-in nominees as well.
Limited space is available in a communal refrigerator.
Limited space is available in all categories, and the airfare is good only with cruise.
Limited space is available in college residence halls during summer school.
Limited space is available in the monastery's guest quarters.
Limited space is available in the programs.
Limited space is available in the swimming classes.
Limited space is available on a first come- first served basis.
Limited space is available on board.
Limited space is available on each tour, please call in advance to reserve a spot.
Limited space is available on the bus.
Limited space is available on the two platforms.
Limited space is available so pre-registration is encouraged.
Limited space is available so sign up early.
Limited space is available to students with families.
Limited space is available to the public.
Limited space is available, and all submissions are subject to editing.
Limited space is available, and early registration is encouraged.
Limited space is available, and registration is required.
Limited space is available, and reservations are required.
Limited space is available, so arrive early.
Limited space is available, so please reply early.
Limited space is available, so start planning now.
Limited space is available.
Limited space is now available for a reciprocal link swap.
Limited space is provided for each query.
Limited space is still available at the symposium.
Limited space is still available for golfers.
Limited space is still available in grades kindergarten, six, sever, and eight.
Limited space is still available in the school's full-time dual enrollment option.
Limited space is still available.
Limited space makes it important to schedule an appointment as early as possible.
Limited space means limited advertising message.
Limited space means postponing a report of the work being done by other faculty in History.
Limited space means that it is impossible to list all subjects available on many programmes.
Limited space precludes no more than one companion with each person requiring special accommodation.
Limited space prevents such texts from including more than a toy compiler.
Limited spaces are also available for invited papers.
Limited spaces are available at each school site.
Limited spaces are available at some locations.
Limited spaces are available due to severe space restrictions.
Limited spaces are available for each country of origin.
Limited spaces are available for elective enrollment.
Limited spaces are available for our multi-activity program tailored to coincide with the eclipse.
Limited spaces are available.
Limited spaces are still available for the diocesan planned trip.
Limited spaces are still available.
Every limited space is hence divisible to infinity.
Limited speculation is likely to bring gains.
Limited sponsorship is available.
Limited sponsorships are available.
Limited spots are available.
Limited squatting is welcome.
Limited staff is available for copying.
Limited staff is available to move office furniture, equipment, files, books, etc.
Limited staterooms are available to accommodate guests with disabilities.
Limited status is granted only in special circumstances.
Limited stipends are available also to teaching assistants.
Limited stipends are available to help cover travel, child care and other related expenses.
Limited stipends are available, and school matches are encouraged.
Limited stipends are available.
Some limited stipends are available for qualifying students.
Limited stock is available.
Limited stocks are available of some earlier volumes.
Limited storage is available in most residence hall and apartment storage rooms.
Limited storage is available in small lockers in Curry Village.
Limited storage is available on a first come first serve basis.
Limited storage is available.
Limited studies are available concerning their effectiveness.
Limited studies indicate that cheap beer is as effective as the most expensive imports.
Limited studies suggest that the growth rate of white sharks varies with geography.
Limited subsidies are available for individuals seeking sterilization services.
Limited substitutions are possible with permission of the department.
Limited suites are available on request.
Limited supplies are available in the two main ports, which also have facilities for simple repairs.
Limited supplies are available, while they last.
Limited supplies are available.
Limited supplies are on hand.
Limited supplies are still available for aficionados.
Limited supply limits potential demand.
Limited support includes the installation, configuration, and initial use of the software.
Limited support is available after hours through the library loan desk personnel.
Limited support is available for all other configurations.
Limited support is available for international students.
Limited support is available for invited partcipants.
Limited support is available for lodging and transportation costs.
Limited support is available for participants.
Limited support is available for training and management.
Limited support is available on a fee basis.
Limited support is available on our forums .
Limited support is available to academic invitees.
Limited support is available to students who meet the criteria for selection.
Limited support is available.
Limited support is given to national and U.S. based organizations offering international programs.
Limited support is often a trade-off for more basic models.
Limited support is provided for lodging and transportation as needed.
Limited support is provided to educational programs on a national scope.
Limited support is provided to educational programs with a national scope.
Some limited support is also available for undergraduate graders.
Limited targets are the products of small minds.
Limited tenure encourages members to make achievements early in their career rather than later.
Limited term is usually cheaper than lifetime.
Limited territories are available.
Limited testing is performed on the non-high priority services.
Limited text is found on each page of the album.
Limited theories are also often more interesting.
Limited theories are sometimes easier to understand than broad-spectrum theories.
Limited therapy is curative in localized disease.
Limited tickets are also available at the door.
Limited tickets are available for the game.
Limited tickets are available from the grade one and two students.
Limited tickets are available, and the past two years have been a sell-out success.
Limited tickets are available.
Limited tickets are still available.
Limited time allows only a few to be answered.
Limited time gives preference to an incremental approach.
Limited time means limited message.
Limited time offer Classified ads are free for a limited time.
Limited time offer excluding holiday periods.
Limited time offer free shipping in cont.
Limited time offer good in continental United States only.
Limited time offer subject to cancellation without notice.
Limited time offer subject to change at any time.
Limited time offer subject to change without notice.
Limited time offer subject to changes without notice.
Limited time offer to new accounts only.
Limited time offer via mail-in submission.
Limited time offers for special packages, special rates, workshops, etc. from various spas.
Limited time offers.
Limited time Offers.
Limited times are still available.
Limited tools are ok for quick figures without much detail.
Limited touch is acceptable only between members of the same sex.
Limited tracking can occur with monitor displays.
Limited training is available for operation of the computers and word-processing software.
Limited transportation is also available.
Limited transportation is available at extra cost.
Limited transportation is available in the outlying areas.
Limited transportation is available so sign up today.
Limited transportation is available to one event each month.
Limited transportation is available.
Limited transportation is offered.
Limited travel is required in support of testing activities.
Limited travel is required.
Some limited travel is required.
Limited treatment is available here for individuals with low income.
Limited treatment is shorter usually less that a year.
Limited treatments are available for inherited metabolic disorders.
Limited trials are available by registering.
Limited trust exposures.
Some limited tuition setting authority is given to the colleges.
Limited use is granted to professional stencilers for hand painting walls or decorations.
Limited use is made of graphics and the images from the collection are very slow to materialise.
Limited use is made of oral proceedings, most of the procedure being written.
Limited use is made of the attribute data.
Limited use is provided outside groups by special permit.
Limited users have access to only a subset of the programs and documents on the system.
Limited variety is a problem with other areas of gameplay.
Limited verification takes place to ensure the accuracy of the information provided.
Limited visibility keeps riders guessing as to what is going to happen next.
Limited vision leads to limited results.
Limited vision prevents their physical imitation of the movements of others.
Limited voice editing allow users to tailor their sounds adjusting timbre, envelopes, and more.
Limited vote gives each voter fewer votes than the number of seats.
Limited voting has the same general advantages and disadvantages of cumulative voting.
Limited waivers are available upon request.
Limited war is the opposite of total war.
Limited war is war
Limited wars end like Korea or Vietnam.
Limited warranties apply.
Limited warranty applies to labor only.
Limited water can even increase sucrose production efficiency.
Limited water can even increase the efficiency of sucrose production.
Limited water is also available.
Limited water is available.
Some limited waterfowl hunting in the form of sloughs and ponds is also available.
Limited website is designed and produced by Headland Multimedia .
Limited website supports the live image streams.
Limited wheelchair seating in the auditorium is available upon request.
Limited work begins now, full time during sumer moths.
Limited work permits for outsiders ensures plenty of jobs for locals.
Limited yields create that distinctive fruit flavor that is carried through to the wine.
A limiter is a circuit
Limiters allow for control of the types of records the database retrieves.
Limiters allow for creating a search that is specific to a particular patient or study group.
Limiters are circuits.
Limiters can ensure that headphone volume never exceeds a pre-determined threshold.
Limiters do limit one another.
Limiters provide means to limit the number or kind of returns.
Limiters top the list.
Limiting choice can focus the user and make one more efficient.
Limiting factors affect ecosystems.
Limiting factors appear to be maturity and the development of disorders.
Limiting factors are a natural part of a healthy ecosystem.
Limiting factors are also responsible for the geography of plant distribution.
Limiting factors are communication and power cables.
Limiting factors are manpower and machinery availability and weather.
Limiting factors are nest sites and lack of high vole numbers in the spring.
Limiting factors are storage, treatment, transmission facilities, and receptors.
Limiting factors are the absence of quality seed supply sources and of local aquaculture expertise.
Limiting factors are things that prevent a population from growing any larger.
Limiting factors control populations of all living things.
Limiting factors help rule out many possible choices.
Limiting relationships are an insurance policy.
Limiting resources are things that are vital for survival and reproduction.
Limitless energy is available - here's the story of the solar revolution.
Limitless life offers new vistas, unexplored possibilities, unbounded self-development.
Limitless opportunities exist for entertainment and shopping.
Limitless space is all out of doors, And has no canopy, neither has it floors.
Limitless taxation is the natural consequence of limitless government.
Limnetic zone is the area in open water where light penetrates.
A limnologist is a specialist
Limnologists identify the dead zone as the hypolimnion.
Limnologists study fresh water organisms.
Limnologists study organisms that live in freshwater.
A limnology is an earth science
Limnology is lab intensive and requires regular writing.
A limo is a car
Limos are both fun and elegant, and can make the night so much better.
Limos are more expensive than a taxi.
Limos are three deep outside, and the celebrities are beginning to arrive.
Limos have a two-hour minimum.
All limos are alcohol-free.
Limonene cleaners are terpenes made of lemon or orange oils.
A limonene is a terpene
Limonene also has an expectorant and antiviral action.
A limonite is iron ore
Limonite consists of secondary hydrated iron oxides that form as a precipitate.
Limonitic materials are green and yellow.
A limousine is a car
Limousines are almost essential, for example.
Limousines are also available.
Limousines are also popular.
Limousines are an expensive form of auto transport and are usually offered for rich citizens.
Limousines are automobiles.
Limousines are available at the airport for interested vacationers.
Limousines are available for hotel transfers and for hire on hourly basis.
Limousines are available on request.
Limousines are cars.
Limousines are marginally cheaper than taxis for the trip downtown.
Limousines are often available.
Limousines are rare.
Limousines are the order of the day for participants in the holy union.
Limousines Arrive in style.
Limousines can fluctuate in price greatly for the same basic size, style and amenities.
Limousines can only safely carry eight maximum passengers per weight and safety limits.
Limousines can seat up to ten passengers, while sedans seat three people.
Limousines comfortably accommodate six passengers and charge flat rates to all destinations.
Limousines depart as needed.
Limousines ferry live-in mistresses to expensive restaurants past street prostitutes.
Limousines Get to the wedding on time with confidence and security.
Limousines Getting around New Orleans is particularly easy when staying in or near downtown.
Limousines have a fully stocked wet bar and additional packages can be purchased as well.
Limousines regularly pull up in front.
Limousines There are several limousine services in the area.
Limp stalks absorb enough water.
Limp stalks absorb water.
Most limp stalks absorb enough water.
Most limp stalks absorb water.
Limpet drones bury themselves beneath the ground, and clamp on to passing enemy vehicles.
Limpet flesh has a salty flavour with a chewy texture.
Some limpet species are herbivores and are beneficial to even a reef aquarium.
A limpet is a shellfish
Limpets are gastropods.
Limpets are immensely destructive.
Limpets are marine gastropods that live on rocky coasts and in tide pools.
Limpets are prey for starfish , shore-birds , fish , seals , and humans .
Limpets are prey for starfish, shore-birds, fish, seals, and humans.
Limpets are shellfishs.
Limpets are snails which have a cup-shaped shell instead of a coiled one.
Limpets can prove too tough even after boiling, and are best used only in an emergency.
Limpets eat by grazing on algae found on rock surfaces .
Limpets eat by grazing on algae found on rock surfaces.
Limpets have an oval, laterally compressed shell that tapers to an off-centered blunt point.
Limpets have separate sexes.
Limpets leave their fixed positions only to graze on seaweeds, always returning to the same spot.
Limpets live inside a greyish-white, sometimes ashen, conical shell.
Limpets look like Chinese hats and browse on algal coatings.
Limpets move by rippling the muscles of their foot in a wave-like motion.
Limpets reproduce by discharging sperm and eggs into the sea, followed by a planktonic larval stage.
Limpets seen under water while diving at high tide are, in fact, usually grazing.
Limpets survive by feeding on algae.
Limpets use suction at high tide, then switch to gluing when the tide goes out.
Limpets always return to the same place when the tide retreats.
Some limpets also undergo sex reversal.
Some limpets carve themselves a place in the rock which perfectly fits their shells.
A limpkin is a wader
Limpkins are a species of special concern .
Limpkins are mollusk specialists, and many other wading birds and corvids also eat mollusks.
Limpless body hangs from the rafters.
A linage is a rate
Linage is one of the precious phowa practices.
All linage applies toward contract fulfillment.
Linchpin assumptions are the most debatable and subject to error.
Lincoln isa thing.
Lincolnshire isa thing.
Lindane shampoo is a prescription medication that can kill lice and lice eggs.
Lindane shampoo is used to treat only lice infestations.
A lindane is pesticide
Lindane exists in two stable configurations in three dimensions, the so-called chair formations.
Lindane is by far the best product to use to control wood boring beetles.
Lindbergh students seem to be absorbing that culture.
A linden is wood
Linden also has an intelligent horse.
Linden finds young people more malleable and open to programs than adults.
Linden is a peaceful farming community, of which there are dozens in the region of Emmental.
Linden is an award winning science writer.
Linden is poised to make productive use of their new network access.
Linden is the key.
Linden is used for hypertension with associated nervous tension.
Linden knows something about sticking it out.
Linden raise concerns about the validity and generalizability of the guidelines.
Linden recognizes the role of population growth in causing instability.
Lindens are intolerant of mechanical injury and restricted soil spaces.
Lindens are trees.
Lindhlad Expeditions are worldwide ranging hrom Antarctica to Galapagos.
Lindow man seems to have been killed by several methods.
Lindquist attorneys participate in a variety of pro bono matters, both transactional and litigation.
Lindsay clone dies too.
Lindsey auditorium has a new sound system and smart classroom capabilities.
Line art compresses very well via other methods.
Line art does better as .gif.
Line art includes text, charts, drawing, and any images that are entirely black and white.
Line art is a special case .
Line art is always black and white images with no shades of gray.
Line art is always positioned with the text it accompanies, providing ease of reference.
Line art is based on work by established scholars.
Line art is is acceptable as well.
Line art is of course different.
Line art is preferred.
Line art is solid black or color areas similar to block type.
Line art is the simplest and least expensive form of reproduction for publications.
Line art is the term used to describe the kinds of images it makes.
Line art offers simple black and white illustrations, such as schematics.
Line art works much better than photos or grey-scale images.
All line art is black and white.
Line breaks are acceptable.
Line breaks are actually equal to two characters.
Line breaks are automatic so just keep typing.
Line breaks are automatic.
Line breaks are horizontal lines that separate different sections of a page.
Line breaks are in different places.
Line breaks are no longer significant in source code and are treated like any other white space.
Line breaks become menu item separators.
Line Breaks Let's start out with Heading tags.
Line breaks occur after the word widely and sentence.
Line breaks put less vertical space between lines than paragraph breaks.
Line breaks return to the following line and resume printing there.
Line breeding done correctly increases the odds of consistent progeny.
Line breeding is a form of inbreeding where offspring are bred back to a common ancestor.
Line breeding is a mild form of inbreeding.
Line breeding is done to concentrate the desirable genes found within related individuals.
Line breeding is the basis for establishing a good breeding program.
Line breeding is the only way to improve stock.
Line breeding is where the sire and dam have several of the same ancestors as each other.
Line breeding seems to be more openly accepted in Europe than here.
Some line breeding is common in the majority of purebred dogs today.
Line c stands out as the focus of the verses.
All line cards are compatible in both modular chassis for easy sparing and optimal flexibility.
Line changes appear to be the biggest problem.
Line changes are automatic.
Line changes are simple to do on the fly and button layouts are all adjustable.
Line charts are a widely used type of chart and are very easy to draw.
Line charts are easy for the eye to follow and clearly display distinct changes over time.
Line charts are good for showing changing values and trends over time.
Line charts are great for tracking movement of figures over time, such as fluctuating stock prices.
Line charts are more difficult, but they can be effective, too.
Line charts are often best for showing the amount of change in values over time.
Line charts contain more data in a compact space than do the other types of charts.
Line conditioners intercept, control, and condition power going into the computer.
Most line cooks start without benefits, vacation time, or sick leave.
Line cords are usually several feet long and are easily stored by wrapping around the test set.
Line cords tend to go bad at the point they enter the phone.
Line D ensures the whole object has been sent.
Line D reports the number of graduate assistants who have received waivers.
Most line dances are just variations on a few basic steps.
Line dancing is a form of dance done by an individual without a partner.
Line dancing is a great stress reducer.
Line dancing is a wonderful way to keep fit and to meet new people.
Line dancing is an American form of dancing, which can be done to almost any musical beat.
Line dancing is an excellent, fun way to enhance and maintain memory skills.
Line dancing is free.
Line dancing is fun, good exercise, and requires no partner.
Line dancing is great exercise for all ages.
Line dancing is held in the evening.
Line dancing is hip and trendy.
Line dancing is popular as are regular sets at pubs and clubs.
Line dancing is popular with the young dancers as a separate activity.
A line drawing is a drawing
Line drawing shows basic channel elements observed.
Line drawings add interest.
Line drawings add local color.
Line drawings are abundant, clearly labeled, and near the entries they illustrate.
Line drawings are acceptable as clear black on white graphics, computer print-out or photocopies.
Line drawings are acceptable as illustrations.
Line drawings are also available to help explain some of the terminology used.
Line drawings are clear and have captions with citations.
Line drawings are easily copied.
Line drawings are preferable to photographs.
Line drawings are preferred.
Line drawings are the best for most documents - they're simple and clear, and they photocopy well.
Line drawings are the most economical to reproduce and are often preferred by publishers.
Line drawings are to be neatly drafted by the author.
Line drawings are to be submitted as good-quality prints or computer drawings of the same quality.
Line drawings can be in gif format.
Line drawings can surprise even the most experienced artists.
Line drawings enhance the text.
Line drawings give an in-depth look at each variant.
Line drawings help explain biological functions.
Line drawings illustrate all experiments and a glossary explains new terms.
Line drawings illustrate important features, and color photos show species in natural habitats.
Line drawings illustrate many entries. . . .
Line drawings illustrate the experimental setups and organisms under investigation.
Line drawings is a neglected area of computer graphics.
Line drawings point out identifying characteristics.
Line drawings point out important features of plant structure.
Line drawings provide visual clues to help readers predict solutions.
Line drawings reveal the parasite to represent gregarine oocysts.
Line drawings show details of leaves, seeds, winter twigs, and more.
Line drawings show the shape of the entire garment.
Line drawings show twigs, buds, fruits, shape, habitat, and range of trees.
Line drawings work best.
All line drawing is relative to the previous position.
Some line drawings are difficult to understand without correction.
A line drive is a fly
Line drives become popups.
Line editor operates against a text file .
Line editors do most of the copy editing.
Line extension is a killer.
Line extension is still valid.
Line extension plans A company's portfolio of brand names is a huge asset.
Line extensions is a trend within the food industry.
Line filters can help.
Line filters transmit a single emission line.
Line geometry is topologically clean.
Line graph is a special graph that is very commonly used in statistics.
Line graph provides an excellent visual format of the outcome data collected over time.
Line graphs are effective for showing progress.
Line graphs are probably the most commonly used type of graph in scientific writing.
Line graphs are quite flexible and have many variations.
Line graphs are the simplest graph to construct and use.
Line graphs are used for displaying a single measured variable against a series of known quantities.
Line graphs are used to track changes over short and long periods of time.
Line graphs depict the relationship between quantitative variables.
Line graphs show broad historical trends.
Line graphs show trends or correlation effectively.
Line graphs show trends or relationships.
Line integrals are the most common external measures, which are also known as projections.
A line item is an item
Line items are items.
Line items are part of appropriation bills.
All line items agree with totals provided.
Every line item can contain a net amount, markup, and gross amount.
Some line items exist only to summarise balances in others.
A line judge is a football official
Line judges are now able to rely on an electronic eye to determine if a ball is out.
Line jumping is sport-specific and very helpful with agility.
Line labels identify the data lines.
Line leader Talk about helpers.
Line length depends on the margin settings and the font used.
Line length is adaptive to generate as few lines as possible.
Line length is another factor that can upset careful formatting.
Line length is controlled by vector magnitude times scale factor.
Line length is limited and EOLs in the encoded form are ignored.
Line length is taken into account, but other options are ignored.
Line level refers to the output level of most mixers, preamps, and effects processors.
Line management consists of the group leader, deputy group leader, and section leader.
Line management depends on our perspective to help shape the future of our business.
Line management is administration
Line management is administration.
Line management is also an important thing to consider.
Line management is management.
Line management is responsible for implementing the science.
Line management is responsible for monitoring the expatriate's technical or management performance.
Line managers are either unaware of the act or they have a very negative reaction to it.
Line managers are generally indifferent to the policy.
Line managers are responsible for ensuring that work areas and entrances are appropriately posted.
Line managers are responsible for establishing and maintaining programs under their control.
Line managers are usually very pragmatic people.
Line managers can hire, review and promote employees.
Line managers can now see how the teams are growing and developing.
Line managers Ensure that qualified engineers manage or coordinate vessel engineering.
Line managers form the front line in the battle against lost days at work.
Line managers have employees.
Line managers have ownership of the HR development function.
Line managers manage ongoing daily activities, and each working day is much like the next.
Line managers take their cues from the ACEOs.
Line managers teamed in working groups develop and implement HR initiatives.
Line managers understand documentation, tracking, motivation, and delegating to get results.
Most line managers have employees.
Some line managers use cost.
Line mode is used to draw stand alone and connecting lines between figures.
Line mode is used to enter straight lines by digitizing only the end points.
Line mode offers access to the Web in a totally text format.
Line mode Use line mode to enter line oriented commands.
Line noise can cause problems.
Line noise can have many sources.
Line noise can increase when it rains.
Line noise can result from bad weather, interference, and other conditions.
Line noise causes errors to data packets during downloads.
Line noise describes types of signal loss and signal damage that occur in the phone system.
Line noise does cause disconnections.
Line noise introduces glitches and errors into executable programs and data files.
Line noise is a big one.
Line noise is a common problem that prevents two modems from connecting at a higher speed.
Line noise is a frequent culprit for dropped connections.
Line noise is a problem that can occur in less modernized countries.
Line noise is another problem, especially in many less industrialized countries.
Line noise is due to bad phone line conditions, causing the data to be transferred improperly.
Line noise is perhaps the biggest single reason for dropped lines.
Line noise is the slight crackle or hum that be heard when talking on a telephone.
Line noise is the small variations in the voltage of the power line.
Line noise is the term used to describe the corruption of data as it travels between two modems.
Line noise is usually the main cause.
Line noise seems to be the problem.
Line noise spams the horizon, wires buckle and sag.
Line noise tends to be intermittent.
Most line noise is either sporadic or selective.
Line number Enter the assigned reference number.
Line numbers appear to the left of the text area.
Line numbers are available so that a specific line or set of lines can easily be referred to.
Line numbers are essential when there are empty lines in the test data.
Line numbers are essential.
Line numbers are hypertext links and are an aid to defining a search.
Line numbers are optional.
Line numbers are show at junctions on blue hexagonal boards beside the track.
Line numbers are the numbers located in the left margin of the document.
Line numbers begin at zero.
Line numbers count down from the top of each panel.
Line numbers count from one at the beginning of the buffer .
Line numbers count from one at the beginning of the buffer.
Line numbers increase from top to bottom and sample numbers increase from left to right.
Line numbers lead to variants within that line.
Line numbers make work product appear to be legal work.
Line numbers start at one.
All line numbers start downstage and go upstage.
Line numbering is reset at the start of each logical page.
Line numbering is shown as recorded by original recorder.
Line numbering is suggested.
Line numbering is used.
Line of Action Get the pieces left of the board to connect in a straight line.
Line of action is an imaginary vertical line through an object's center of gravity.
A line of battle is a line
Line of battle follows.
Line of business is a product
Lines of business covered include life and health insurance, as well as property and casualty.
All lines of business are well represented.
Lines of code is representative of the complexity of the application.
Every line of code is new.
Every line of code is open to the public.
Lines of communication are always open for ways to better serve our visitors.
Lines of communication are available and open between administration, faculty and staff.
Lines of communication are open in order to meet the individual needs of the child.
Lines of communication are unreliable, and peace talks have been used as ruses.
Lines of communication break down.
Lines of communication extend as far as one's local municipal offices.
Line of credit is credit
Line of credit is established with a bank.
Line of credit is subject to credit approval.
Lines of credit are available.
Lines of credit are more economical than most credit cards.
Lines of credit are reusable.
Lines of credit are the main mechanisms for executing forex transactions.
Lines of credit can get expensive.
Lines of credit remain available for unexpected priorities, short-term or seasonal needs.
All lines of credit are subject to credit approval.
Line of fire is a page with lots of information and an interactive wildfire simulation.
Line of fire is a route
A line of force is a line
Lines of force are a convenient way of representing electric fields.
Lines of force are lines.
Lines of force are three dimensional, surrounding a bar magnet on all sides.
Lines of force are three-dimensional, surrounding a bar magnet on all sides.
Lines of force exist between two poles which are labeled as positive and negative.
A line of latitude is a line
Lines of latitude are circles that run parallel to the equator.
Lines of latitude are examples of planes that intersect the Earth sphere.
Lines of latitude are imaginary lines that circle the earth parallel to the equator.
Lines of latitude are parallel to the equator and circle the globe.
Lines of latitude are parallel.
Lines of latitude are the parallel lines north and south of the equator.
Lines of latitude go around the world parallel to the equator.
Lines of latitude run east and west, while lines of longitude run north and south.
All lines of latitude are small with the exception of the equator.
A line of longitude is a great circle
Lines of longitude are all great circles because they are always centered on Earth's center.
Lines of longitude go from pole to pole.
Lines of longitude run up and down the world from the north pole to the south pole.
All lines of Longitude are identical.
All lines of longitude are true north lines.
More lines of resolution means better picture.
Line of sight is a line
Line of sight is also very important.
Line of sight is critical with wireless devices.
Line of sight is essential for transmission.
Line of sight is no problem on our end.
Line of sight is required between the base station and handset.
Line of sight is the direct free-space path that exists between two points.
Line of sight means that only visible surfaces are coated.
Lines of sight is lines.
A line officer is a commissioned officer
Line officers are combatants while non-line officers have professional occupations.
Line officers are responsible to the fire district and have command authority at incidents.
Line plots allow several features of the data to become more obvious.
Line plots are a way to show results of surveys or a class' grades.
Line plots are quick and simple ways to organize data.
A line printer is a machine
Line printer is used for fast printing in office.
Line printers are available for large code listings or other voluminous printouts.
Line printers are generally limited to dot-matrix and daisywheel printers.
Line printers are printers.
Line printers are very fast, but produce low-quality print.
Line regulation is a dc parameter, and manufacturers typically specify line regulation at dc.
Line segments are a set of sequentially numbered coordiante pairs.
Line segments are a set of sequentially numbered coordinate pairs.
Line segments are manifolds.
Line segments have length, plane regions have area, and physical objects have mass.
All line segments have anchor points at each end which define their position and curve attributes.
Line separators count as characters when computing character counts and character offsets.
Line shaft carries energy to pulleys throughout the factory.
Line signals can be optical or electrical.
Line space is single.
Line spaces separate each person's comments.
Line spacing can be problem when mixing typefaces.
Line spacing controls the amount of vertical space between lines in a paragraph.
Line spacing is adjusted so that the full page is used.
Line spacing is adjusted so that the text fills four pages.
Line spacing is double between sections and single within sections.
Line spacing is fixed.
Line spacing is the vertical distance between lines of text.
Line spacing is the vertical spacing between lines.
Line spacing is variable.
Line spectra are characteristic of the elements that emit the radiation.
Line spectra are the ideal case of harmonic spectra.
Line symmetry means that the figure can be folded along a line and the two halves match exactly.
Line testers are also helpful.
Line voltage is sine wave shaped.
Line weight is used to distinguish heavier flow from lighter.
Line weight Use the appropriate line weight.
Line weights are another tool for achieving maximum crankbait depth.
Line width can vary when printed, depending on how they line up with pixels.
Line width equals the gap between lines.
Line width indicates the degree of emphasis.
Line width is given in units of pixels of the scanned image.
Line width is represented in user space.
Line width is specified by clicking on the lines at the bottom of the tool palette.
Line wrapping is automatic.
Line wrapping is controlled by the browser.
Line wrapping makes a mess of it.
Line wrapping makes some of the code difficult to read or even changes the scoping of comments.
Any line wrapping is done for editorial clarity only.
A line is a formation
Line Add a list of lines to the current group.
Line addressing An address represents the number of a line in the buffer.
LINE Adds a line to a drawing area, or changes line attributes.
Line allow amid that accident yet stuck americas.
Line also includes tanner for face.
Line also plays an important role in fishing.
Line arrays achieve directivity through constructive and destructive interference.
Line attached to top of strut is for pulling up and easing down the wall.
Line begins to the right.
Line below makes an icon on the desktop.
Line blocks up on uncut sashing fabric.
Line bored for uniform height - improves threshing and separating.
Line breaking Line breaking adds additional layers of complexity.
Line Breaks How to force a single line to use two lines.
Line breaks only at certain points.
Line build out, framing modes and other link parameters are fully programmable.
Line can also become twisted from a fish pulling out line against the drag.
Line can also form square, which is invaluable when confronted by cavalry.
Line can be a searching, sensitive, intimate and personal expressive means to drawing.
Line can be misleading.
Line can get fairly long in the middle of the day.
Line can loop over the bill and form a blockage in the oesophagus.
Line can spot, speckle, decorate in countless ways to suggest texture.
Line can with tissue paper.
Line clamps with fasteners.
Line coding Line coding has the capability to be disabled.
Line comes in.
Line contestants up next to each other on a starting line.
Line cookies with parchment paper.
Line coupling components isolate the powerline's high voltage.
Line Create a line.
Line Creates the geometry for a line.
Line Dances Several line dances with suggested music.
Line dancing in the new millenium is more exciting than ever.
Line decide Discounts to buyers along an basketball gear as ridden except any fence.
Line defines shape of a continuous mark.
Line defines shape.
Line denotes cross section location.
Line depicts actual size of the ants.
Line designates underlining.
Line disconnects when prepurchase is used up.
Line Displays the line number of the current cursor location in script edit box.
Line drawing now tells length and angle of the line being drawn.
Line drawing with PRED is more basic than linedrawing with some wordprocessing software.
Line drawn in a sand with a finger is the beginning of a creative imaginary game.
Line Draws a line, using the current line style.
Line Draws a single straight line.
Line draws the plot as lines and Point shows only the points.
Line dread Railway till hour out either college information and fall underneath most tomorrow.
Line dread Railway till hour out either cultures and fall underneath most tomorrow.
Line dread Railway till hour out either international news and fall underneath most tomorrow.
Line drive down the first base line.
Line drive the horse for one or two weeks.
Line drive up the middle.
Line drives into the wind and kicks on an angle with the wind.
Line dry all articles before treating.
Line dry only.
Line dry the clothes to keep from contaminating the dryer.
Line dry the clothing.
Line dry the garments.
Line dry the protective clothing as many pesticides break down in sunlight.
Line dry to avoid contaminating the automatic dryer.
Line drying is recommended to protect the spandex which is sensitive to hot dryer heat.
Line drying is recommended.
Line drying, preferably in the sun, is best.
Line edges with foil.
Line Ends .
Line escape ratios from the latest model are here .
Line falls at one point.
Line feeds up through tube and over a sheave to swiveling cleat base.
Line fits lead to estimates of physical parameters.
Line following is our preferred method of navigation.
Line following is surprisingly hard.
Line forms up to eight hours before tape time.
Line goes in the bottom, so it makes a good grip.
Line goes out.
Line handling crews work on the sub's aft deck.
Line has a dark smear through columns.
Line has a natural gift for knowing how to treat audiences.
Line Has length but no width or thickness.
Line has no formal name.
Line hits on big pipe.
Line implies continued direction of movement and helps to indicate spatial presence.
Line includes embossed stickers and magnets.
Line includes rafting and boating shoes.
Line includes shrubs, conifers and mature and specimen trees.
Line includes trailing newline.
Line Indicates the relationship of one variable to another.
Line indicates the size of the outlining line.
Line is a professional pianist who has released several albums in the last decade.
Line is a super woman.
Line is affixed to the sink faucet for hot and cold water supply.
Line is also a critical factor that requires close attention.
Line is an effective means of achieving texture in nearly any medium.
Line is an element that creates shape through a continuous mark.
Line Is an element, usually drawn or painted, that defines shape with a continuous mark.
Line is an important component in a kite's performance.
Line is another expense of the hobby.
Line is another important link.
Line is attached to a specially designed arrow.
Line is attached with a single bar tack at the skirt.
Line is available only during business hours.
Line is believed to be the first newschool skiing company.
Line is busy, Please try again later.
Line is busy, try again.
Line is chosen on the basis of both the size of the kite and the wind it flies in.
Line is clear.
Line is complete.
Line is constructed in two basic ways, although there are variations on the theme.
Line is defined as the route taken around the street course or ramp.
Line is designed specifically for Dachshunds, miniature to standard.
Line is dispensed in premeasured lengths with a bump of the spool against a hard surface.
Line is drawn on the field for the centre line, centre circle and the penalty area.
Line is drawn.
Line is easier to handle and clean than chain.
Line is established when the appointment is made.
Line is extremely important as a visual tool.
Line is in alarm state.
Line is in local or remote alarm.
Line is in loopback mode.
Line is in near end or far end failure.
Line is in use by another device.
Line is intuitive.
Line is just as important.
Line is measured in diameter and line-breaking strengths.
Line is now a multi-million dollar company.
Line is of the utmost importance.
LINE is one of the elements of design and it is used by all artists and designers.
Line is parallel to the ground in anatomical position.
Line is perhaps the most direct vehicle of thought and feeling.
Line is picked up much more rapidly than with a conventional spool.
Line is released using a push button on the reel.
Line is rotated.
Line is still dead.
Line is stored in large coils, and so has less memory.
Line is taken directly off the supply spool by winding the reel handle.
Line is the most beloved entertainer in Paris.
Line is the next consideration.
Line is the simplest representation, which is also known as wire frame.
Line is the word previously rendered rule.
Line is to long for that short ride.
Line is to wide.
Line is used for compressed digital video and data transmission.
Line is used for offshore polygon closure.
Line is used to create space within the picture.
Line is visible on the screen.
Line is wound onto the spool as a bail rotates around it.
Line isa indication.
Line lasts longer.
Line Leading Line leading is the space between lines of type.
LINE means inter alia 'a range of products', as in the expression 'a nice line in hats'.
Line means scrimmage line.
Line Now modify the properties of the line joining the points.
Line offers a large selection of unique pre-assembled punch art designs and frames .
Line offers yourng writers and teachers an online forum to share and writings and ideas.
Line offset property for discard markers.
Line passes through mounting bullseyes on either end, sheave swivels side to side.
Line peels away from the reel.
Line peels off the reel as a mystery fish heads down the river for the gulf.
Line Performs a fully automated least squares fit to the set of data.
Line Points to a line.
Line powered so requires no battery.
Line produce other news broadcasts, as needed.
Line provides access to funds whenever needed for any purpose.
Line provides product or service directly to the customer or consumer.
Line refers to solid black and solid white, with no grey tones in the original.
Line Remove a list of lines from the current group.
Line Resizes the selection from the center.
Line Returns the line indicating the place in scripting code where an error occurred.
Line rings ONCE and LED turns on.
Line routing - line routing allows to assign a physical fax line to a user.
Line scales to correlate with horizontal and vertical printout columns.
Line Segments A tour of calculus begins.
Line shows relative data sample distribution.
Line Shows the data for each range as coordinates connected by lines.
Line shows, and to obtain information regarding guests.
Line smoothing Some objects can generate unwanted short lines or dots when converted to laser.
Line spacing on blog entries in the non-table layout is larger.
Line Specifies the device name for the port.
Line Specifies the horizontal coordinate to move the logical cursor to before performing the scan.
Line Specifies the vertical coordinate for the upper-left corner of the subwindow.
Line Specifies the vertical position to move the cursor to before printing.
Line Specifies the vertical position to move the logical cursor to before getting the character.
Line starts at middle back position.
Line still needs work.
Line stop equipment and temporary tapping valve are removed from the line stop fitting.
Line strips off reel faster.
Line takes a beating as it slides over rocks, twigs, and sand.
Line Use a masonry line.
Line valves and flow valves.
Line wears out from use.
Line Welcome to Syria.
Line wraps with romaine leaves, top with beef mixture and sprinkle with paprika.
Lines accrue a monthly charge and appear as individual entries.
Lines add busy-ness that is usually undesirable.
Lines aloft rub on the rig and each other.
Lines also clarify the spatial dimensions of solid shapes.
Line's an entertainer in the true sense of the word.
Lines appear automatically above heads and below table and figure titles.
Lines appear automatically below heads and above tables and figure titles.
Lines appear on the map to show the route followed.
Lines appear or disappear into the delicately graded colours and empty spaces.
Lines are a big problem near the lodge, but are more reasonable on the outskirts.
Lines are a course of progress or movement.
Lines are active throughout the year.
Lines are also good for low light fishing conditions and for casting instruction.
Lines are also useful for accommodating growth and improving cash flow.
Lines are also very easy to do.
Lines are always open.
Lines are always short and the staff is courteous and helpful.
Lines are annual load as a constant percentage of annual use.
Lines are arcs which are perpendicular to the circle at both ends.
Lines are artifacts.
Lines are available during each respective season.
Lines are basically at or near bus stops that have parking.
Lines are better than bars - for time series.
Lines are bitter.
Lines are carriers.
Lines are central to a painting, too.
Lines are changeable, forever moving. . .
Lines are chords connecting points on the circle with the endpoints excluded.
Lines are clean and bold, colors are rich and true.
Lines are clean, color is great, glass work looks nice, overall a super-cool looking board.
Lines are cleaner and bolder, upping both macho and refinement.
Lines are clear and filled with tints.
Lines are closer together where the field is stronger.
Lines are conformity.
Lines are consistently even and smooth.
Lines are contours of constant specific entropy, i.e., paths along which convection is preferable.
Lines are differentiations.
Lines are drawn between planets, to indicate the aspects, or angles, they make with each other.
Lines are dynamically assignable as either inputs or outputs.
Lines are easy to pick and take.
Lines are easy to play, harmonies based on the harmonic minor can be difficult for young soloists.
Lines are easy to split into halves, thirds, or quarters.
Lines are either straight or curved.
Lines are electromagnetic radiation.
Lines are energy, motion, form, color, and expression.
Lines are ever so slightly more tightly drawn, the sound is dryer, the tempi just a shade faster.
Lines are extremely cumbersome to draw.
Lines are features like roads or rivers-with beginning and end points.
Lines are figures.
Lines are formations.
Lines are horizontal lines that form trading ranges.
Lines are in most cases single track, which causes delays and reduces efficiency.
Lines are in.
Lines are infinites.
Lines are isopachs which represent locations where the thickness of the ash is equal.
Lines are least squares regression lines for different subtraction groups.
Lines are least squares regression lines.
Lines are least-squares regression fits to the data.
Lines are least-squares regressions for each order.
Lines are light green in color.
Lines are linear least squares fits.
Lines are located in banks.
Lines are located in books.
Lines are located in bus stops.
Lines are located in good books.
Lines are located in graphs.
Lines are located in play.
Lines are located in post offices.
Lines are located in squares.
Lines are located in stores.
Lines are located in streets.
Lines are locations.
Lines are logarithmic linear least squares fits.
Lines are long and solitude at a premium.
Lines are long and staff are few.
Lines are long and staff few.
Lines are long and tempers short.
Lines are long but worth the wait.
Lines are long just to walk through the chrome dome.
Lines are long so come early.
Lines are long, and one to three hour waits are common.
Lines are long, but food is incredible.
Lines are long, so get there early.
Lines are long.
Lines are lower bound limits on protective DO concentrations.
Lines are marks.
Lines are merchandise.
Lines are mercurial in nature, they change based on the context in which they are seen.
Lines are merely words strung together, and the movements, well, they can speak for themselves.
Lines are more readable at compile time.
Lines are normally weight-forward floaters.
Lines are now black.
Lines are now self-polar.
Lines are often busy so be persistent in calling.
Lines are often busy, so keep trying.
Lines are often busy.
Lines are often long but service is swift and and no one seems to mind the wait.
Lines are one-dimensional, and they go on forever in both directions.
Lines are opaque walls so once moves away from a in-line position the prey disappears from view.
Lines are open most of the week with extra staffing during major TV and radio campaigns.
Lines are open seven days a week.
Lines are out.
Lines are outstanding in quality and resistance traits.
Lines are parallel when they have the same slope and different y-intercepts.
Lines are part of it, but no one has died from the experience.
Lines are part of letters.
Lines are part of poems.
Lines are part of stanzas.
Lines are part of transportation systems.
Lines are persuasions.
Lines are put on paved lots to create the outlines of parking spaces.
Lines are queues.
Lines are roads.
Lines are ruled before the stuff is set to represent the joints of stonework.
Lines are shapes.
Lines are short and waiting time is minimal.
Lines are short, if there are lines at all.
Lines are shorter and more time is available to provide the assistance needed.
Lines are shorter, too.
Lines are single spaced.
Lines are software.
Lines are sometimes long too.
Lines are sometimes visible along the sides and back.
Lines are text.
Lines are the actual wires that connect the local telco to the business.
Lines are the basis for traditional arranging.
Lines are the basis of all drawings.
Lines are the building blocks of pattern.
Lines are the first entity to be configured on the card.
Lines are the foundation of shape and form.
Lines are the foundations for shape and form.
Lines are the noises people are making.
Lines are the thing.
Lines are thick.
Lines are to be randomly placed, without measuring.
Lines are too brigt and too closely packed together for almost anything to be visible.
Lines are too sharp.
Lines are trivial.
Lines are typically longer when entering the U.S. than for entering Mexico.
Lines are unreadable because of condition of microfilm.
Lines are use to draw lines on the screen.
Lines are used for connecting points.
Lines are used for definition.
Lines are used for fish.
Lines are used for geometry.
Lines are used for pickups.
Lines are used for play games.
Lines are used for saves.
Lines are used for traces.
Lines are used to represent streets and points are used to represent intersections.
Lines are usually long but move quickly.
Lines are usually much shorter in the evening, and cooler temperatures make waiting more pleasant.
Lines are very busy and please be patient.
Lines are very long at the airports.
Lines are very well defined.
Lines arising primarily from dielectronic recombination show the largest discrepancies.
Lines attach to the V-tabs on the bottom surface of the glider.
Lines automatically center.
Lines become blurred and difficult to draw, and standards seem out of reach.
Lines become pathways, etched into the surface by generations.
Lines begin forming early everyday as folks bring umbrellas for shade and lawn chairs.
Lines begin to form long before daybreak.
Lines begining with white space are extensions to previous line.
Lines beginning with a hash character are comments and blank lines are acceptable.
Lines beginning with an asterisk are comments.
Lines beginning with white space are continuation lines.
Lines beginning with whitespace are a continuation of the previous line.
Lines burrows with dry grass and moss.
Lines can be arbitrarily long.
Lines can be descriptive and have many purposes and uses.
Lines can be helpful, though.
Lines can be horizontal, vertical, or even diagonal.
Lines can be in any direction through the cube.
Lines can be long and it's hard to find a place to stand or sit, but the food is worth it.
Lines can be long on summer weekends.
Lines can be long so come early.
Lines can be long, but they do move quickly.
Lines can be long, no reservations.
Lines can be long.
Lines can be of varying width.
Lines can be parallel, perpendicular, or oblique.
Lines can be single or multiple.
Lines can be solid or dashed, thick or thin, and can have arrows on the ends and in the middle.
Lines can be solid, dashed, dotted or just hidden.
Lines can be static or animated.
Lines can be straight or curved, short or long.
Lines can be straight or curved.
Lines can be straight or diagonal to the edges of the flatwork.
Lines can be straight, curvy, wavy, skinny, or fat.
Lines can be thick, thin, curved, straight, broken, wavy, and zigzag.
Lines can be very long when they are busy but it is available and it is free.
Lines can be wavy or zig-zaggy.
Lines can become fat.
Lines can bend in a curve.
Lines can break, knots can give and hooks can bend.
Lines can consist of many separate segments that together make up a line feature.
Lines can create patterns which adds emotional impact to the visual image.
Lines can curve in on each other or be isolated islands around which other lines ripple.
Lines can exist alone or be part of a collection.
Lines can foul on blocks , winches and other objects on a boat.
Lines can get their names from any two points on the line.
Lines can get very long.
Lines can help elements feel more solid on the page as well.
Lines can intersect arbitrarily.
Lines can link predators and prey, and relationships between plants and animals.
Lines can meet in different ways.
Lines can provide direction or movement of the eye throughout a room.
Lines can represent and mean anything.
Lines can run either long or short, hyphenated words are virtually unnecessary.
Lines can show perspective, which is an indicator of distance.
Lines can stretch with use.
Lines can take on a life of their own as they spin off the hands of some artists.
Lines can typically stretch out the door.
Lines cause different moods, and they dominate space differently.
Lines characterize the nature of the relationships between the identified social systems.
Lines come from the elements in the stellar atmosphere.
Lines come in a dazzling array of colors.
Lines come in different sizes and strokes.
Lines come in two distinct variations.
Lines coming from text files can generally only contain a newline as the very last character.
Lines confuse the computer.
Lines connect all points reporting the same snowfall amounts in centimeters.
Lines connect all the data markers in the same series.
Lines connect all the icons.
Lines connect all the values in the same series.
Lines connect binaries.
Lines connect children to parents.
Lines connect concepts vertically, and arrows connect concepts horizontally.
Lines connect genetically mapped genes with their ORFs on the physical map.
Lines connect messages that belong to the same thread.
Lines connect numbers if the peaks lie within bonding distances defined by atomic radii rules.
Lines connect procedures that are called and increase in thickness with the number of calls.
Lines connect specific prerequisites.
Lines connect stars in binary systems.
Lines connect the array elements and iterations that are allocated to the same processor.
Lines connect the diamond to the related entities.
Lines connect the individual with the individual's father and mother.
Lines connect the loci names to the positions on either map.
Lines connecting boxes indicate associations.
Lines connecting discontinuous orbits still exist.
Lines connecting points are intended only to guide the eye.
Lines connecting points of equal annual change are isopors.
Lines connecting the components show how they are connected together.
Lines consider only the top line of the pedigree, and are traced from sire to son.
Lines consist of an even number of hexadecimal digits.
Lines consist of text up to and including a newline character.
Lines contain a predefined number of fields, which are mostly integers, separated by whitespace.
Lines contain duration in milliseconds and then label.
Lines contrast for non-equlibrium case.
Lines converge towards a vanishing point on the horizon.
Lines correspond to pattern alphabet letters.
Lines correspond to slopes estimated from GLMs.
Lines corrode, and the wave and tidal action can cause breaks as well.
Lines count as the higher score.
Lines create polygons or the defined areas on the map.
Lines create shapes which shift subjectively within the atmosphere.
Lines deepen around eyes, darkened blue with concentration, and teeth bite pale lips.
Lines definitely take a back seat to the images, but they have control of the page.
Lines depict centerlines of track.
Lines divide space into shape.
Lines divide the sections and help to define the menu.
Lines do begin to form in front of popular displays.
Lines do go to great lengths to accommodate delayed passengers.
Lines draw automatically.
Lines drop out two or three times per week.
Lines emphasize the features.
Lines end in a number or a period.
Lines ending in do or else also have their statements automatically continued on the following line.
Lines enjoy their own space and thus become more important.
Lines exist as a net between the inside of hands and the outside of hands.
Lines extend indefinitely and have no thickness or width.
Lines extend into the suburban areas of Maryland and northern Virginia.
Lines extending to the edge of the circle indicate highly consistent headings.
Lines facing the longer edge can stretch out farther.
Lines flow from curve to curve.
Lines flows right down the gut into the basket.
Lines form again.
Lines form at computer terminals inside the front door and in the stuffy basement computer room.
Lines form early for many performances.
Lines form on the sidewalk in the summertime.
Lines form to show the magnetic field.
Lines function the same way.
Lines generally have two contours on surfaces, providing optic contrasts.
Lines get clogged or crossed, computers fail.
Lines get long on the weekends near bar-closing time.
Lines get long, and tempers get fierce.
Lines get pretty long, especially during summer and the holiday season.
Lines get too bound up in the system.
Lines get very heavy and busy and many days people have to wait a long, long time.
Lines give form, shape audience reaction, build music.
Lines give way to U-shaped cells.
Lines glorify alcohol and marijuana use while spewing obscenities, including the f-word.
Lines go as far south as Marrakesh.
Lines go forward and back, and then turn partner to place.
Lines go forward and back.
Lines go on forever in both directions.
Lines Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Lines go towards, or away from the point.
Lines going from each digital clock to the city on the map allows for quick recognition of the city.
Lines grow long as kids and adults eagerly await their turn to climb aboard.
Lines have a code for type and a source.
Lines have a direction to the ordering of the points.
Lines have a selecting square at each end of the line.
Lines have a selecting square at the end of each line.
Lines have similar trends.
Lines have their holy spirit.
Lines have to be converted to points or polygons before gridding.
Lines have to be exact to get good drive out of corners.
Lines have to be replaced periodically.
Lines have to be shorter and leading has to be increased.
Lines have two handles, one on each end.
Lines having other formats define the global environment.
Lines help to set apart topics and can have different thicknesses as well as darkness.
Lines indicate digitized distances.
Lines indicate hydrographic repeat sections.
Lines indicate parent-child links.
Lines indicate selected regions of fairly constant rupture velocity.
Lines indicate the direction and amplitude of the fluid flow.
Lines indicate the direction of tidal flow.
Lines indicate the ends of pages.
Lines indicate the number of phonemes in the word.
Lines indicate worn area.
Lines indicating direction grow further apart with increasing distance.
Lines indicating the average values for the flocks appear on graphs where appropriate.
Lines intersect only at nodes, and all nodes anchor the ends of lines.
Lines is a logic game.
Lines is a man of action.
Lines is the number of lines in a trunk group.
Lines join experimental data points.
Lines join the maps where the same locus is typed in both crosses.
Lines join the mean mass component for each plant.
Lines Line boundary analysis determines where a text string can be broken when line-wrapping.
Lines look like lines and curves look like curves.
Lines make multiple captures possible.
Lines make patterns on the roof of a Greek cathedral.
Lines make up all composition, whether in thread or paint.
Lines mark the fitted parabolas.
Lines match original in length for ease in comparing.
Lines move at a reasonable rate.
Lines move quickly and there is no hassle.
Lines now wrap, and the table now has a border drawn where possible.
Lines only grow longer for the mountain range as the day goes on.
Lines protrude out from the surface to indicate the surface's normal direction.
Lines provide a wide range of temperature sensitivity together with some density sensitivity.
Lines reach up into an imagined sunset colored sky from a geometric landscape resembling fields.
Lines relate to binding, weaving, and streaming.
Lines represent best fits to data from two replicates of each treatment.
Lines represent communication between agents, objects and humans.
Lines represent data such as pipelines or roads.
Lines represent linear features like railroads.
Lines represent linear features such as roads and streams.
Lines represent objects that have length but are too narrow to be depicted as areas.
Lines represent roads.
Lines represent scan paths.
Lines represent the ordinary least-squares regression for each diet class.
Lines represent the simple regression models provided.
Lines represent the trachea Tilting and rotating the head with respect to the torso.
Lines represent theoretical calculations.
Lines retain their form.
Lines return to themselves.
Lines rise and fall on elevated concrete sections, flying junctions and different elevations.
Lines rove through deadeyes for setting up standing rigging such as shrouds and guys.
Lines run from the shrimp boat to each door.
Lines run much more quickly with the swipe of a card.
Lines says last season showed that farmers' actions can defy the planting intentions report.
Lines seem cut and trimmed, composed of syntactic arrangements and reversals.
Lines Select the line or draw a new one with one of line icons.
Lines shifts to the right.
Lines show lines of text in the message.
Lines show margins of present-day steam reservoir.
Lines show shapes in motion, unlike colors which are evident in a state of poise.
Lines show similar temperature zones to central Europe.
Lines show the particles' tracks, and boxes show the energy they have deposited.
Lines show the theoretical curves for and .
Lines squiggle around but no blocks of black.
Lines starting with an unknown keyword are simply skipped.
Lines starting with an 'X' indicate values and subkeys that exist in both keys.
Lines starting with one to four equals signs are headings.
Lines starting with the pound sign are comments.
Lines stay connected to symbols when the symbols are moved.
Lines stay soft forever.
Lines stay within safe and easy reach at all times.
Lines stretch and shrink.
Lines switching high current inductive loads are the most disruptive.
Lines tend to be longer the closer it gets to Campus Education Week.
Lines tend to be shorter in the middle of the month.
Lines tend to break at awkward spots.
Lines travel over the panes, shapes pull themselves together.
Lines walk down road, out of view, and into wods.
Lines wind up the street on weekends, and most everyone is dressed in black-nice clothes black, too.
Lines wound around the crowded office to the door.
Lines wove around each other, creating a gorgeous oneness of texture.
Lines wrap automatically.
Lines wrapping around on the screen are very hard to read.
Lines wrapping around the core in east-west bands indicate the toroidal magnetic field.
Lines always end with semi-colons or colons.
Lines often aren t clear.
Lines often form around the eyes and mouth.
Lines often form in front of the Holy Sepulchre.
Lines often form on weekends.
Lines often form outside and shows tend to sell out, so arrive early.
Lines often go off simply because the load was too great when the power came back on.
Lines sometimes extend out the front door.
Lines sometimes overlap in ways that are difficult to perform or perceive.
Lines usually have a variable interest rate.
All line is changed on a regular basis.
All lines appear dark upon a light background.
All lines appear to be the same length.
All lines are approximations at that scale.
All lines are as long as necessary for maximum purchase.
All lines are available in different capacities.
All lines are back in operation.
All lines are black.
All lines are British so far.
All lines are busy due to limited lines and subscribers are waiting in a queue for their turn.
All lines are busy or the service is temporarily unavailable.
All lines are busy right now.
All lines are complete and without gaps, and all arcs are of specific radiuses.
All lines are digital to provide the clearest, fastest connections possible.
All lines are double-spaced, and all after the first in an entry are indented.
All lines are flush left.
All lines are free of dangles and intersections without nodes.
All lines are in play.
All lines are of the same length.
All lines are open.
All lines are present.
All lines are rectilinear, all moldings have sharply square corners.
All lines are same color and layer.
All lines are single purchase.
All lines are single track.
All lines are subject to availability.
All lines are subject to available funds.
All lines are subject to renaming if broken.
All lines are task force tips.
All lines are the same.
All lines are to be double-spaced.
All lines are to be drawn using measurements from the model.
All lines are totally unrestricted live sex.
All lines are underground and provide the best protection from mother nature.
All lines are visible throughout the object.
All lines are well insulated thermally.
All lines begin at the left margin, nothing is indented.
All lines begin at the left margin.
All lines begin at the main indentation level.
All lines below are links.
All lines can have the same or each line can play a different message.
All lines completed above are for example only.
All lines do the entire rest of the tag exactly the same.
All lines employ the same notation.
All lines feature repositioning cruises in their brochures.
All lines flow together.
All lines flush against the left margin.
All lines form part of the line they delineate.
All lines go straight across.
All lines going out towards to the sphere are external teleports to other worlds.
All lines going to the nose pump have to be non-collapsible.
All lines have some faults.
All lines have to be billed to the same account number.
All lines have voicemail.
All lines intersect at least once.
All lines intersect only where intended.
All lines intersect where intended.
All lines lead aft for ease of operation.
All lines lead aft to cockpit.
All lines lead aft to the cockpit for ease of operation while under sail.
All lines lead directly to the standard electric winches in the cockpit.
All lines lead to cockpit for short-handed convenience.
All lines lead to cockpit with deck organizers and clutches.
All lines lead to the cockpit and are color coded for easy identification.
All lines lead to the cockpit for ease of handling.
All lines lead to the cockpit for ease of sail handling with the jib set on roller furling.
All lines lead to the cockpit.
All lines parallel before the affine transformation are parallel after the transformation.
All lines passing through the transfer node allow alighting at that node.
All lines radiate from the central city.
All lines run to cockpit for shorthanded sailing.
All lines run twice an hour at thirty-minute intervals.
All lines shown as straight are straight.
All lines shown here are lorentzians and are singlets.
All lines start with zero and then have numbers following a space.
All lines starting with an exclamation mark are command lines.
All lines then become invalid.
Any line beginning with a blank is treated as comment.
Any line beginning with a comment directive is ignored.
Any line can answer any call for any client.
Any line can have a label.
Any line is a line through the origin that has been shifted.
Any line is positive.
Any line joining a vertex of a triangle to a point on the opposite side is called a cevian .
Any line received by chat from subserver is displayed to the user.
Any line showing more than one punch mark, or no punch mark, is deemed incorrect.
Any line starting with a question mark is transformed into a print statement.
Any lines associated with a different usage are black.
Every line assigned to a person is charged for voice mail.
Every line can be about something different.
Every line connects a positive charge with a negative charge.
Every line contains at least two points.
Every line contains three points and through every point there are three lines.
Every line corresponds to a note from the chromatic scale.
Every line counts.
Every line describes one kind of tariff.
Every line displays the full method name and signature.
Every line ends with a semi-colon.
Every line ends with one of six words.
Every line filled out helps to insure the accuracy and timeliness of the estimate.
Every line gets the color of the atom it is situated closest to.
Every line has a beginning.
Every line has a counterpart in the German text.
Every line has a dot at both ends, unless the end touches the frame.
Every line has a label.
Every line has a max speed it is capable of.
Every line has a type, which is just a number at the beginning of the line.
Every line has different components.
Every line has exactly three points on it.
Every line has some relevance to projections.
Every line has something of interest, woven with great contrapuntal skill into the whole texture.
Every line has something to do.
Every line is a comedic gem.
Every line is a fact.
Every line is a gem.
Every line is a heart beat.
Every line is a hypertext link to a corresponding discography or catalog.
Every line is a link to an information section.
Every line is a reaction to something.
Every line is a set of points.
Every line is a triumph.
Every line is alive, no edge is ever straight.
Every line is considered a separate statement.
Every line is deeply rooted in the clear teaching of Scripture.
Every line is double-spaced.
Every line is drawn right the first time.
Every line is easy to handle, runs smoothly and resists kinking and hockling.
Every line is executed with professionalism beyond compare.
Every line is given an assessment, a policy which at least guarantees some guidance by the authors.
Every line is green.
Every line is hand spliced.
Every line is important.
Every line is isogonal conjugate to a certain conic .
Every line is new.
Every line is numbered.
Every line is one unique command.
Every line is only one command.
Every line is prefixed with the sender's user name.
Every line is rich, yet spare.
Every line is short, but there are thousands of lines.
Every line is the graph of a linear equation in two unknowns.
Every line is then 'and'ed together.
Every line is there for a reason.
Every line means something.
Every line needs a beginning, middle, and an end.
Every line packs a punch.
Every line represents one record and there are tabs between the columns.
Every line resonates, is quotable, generous, bittersweet and hopeful.
Every line rhymes with itself.
Every line rings true, every shift in mood seems clear and understandable.
Every line selected with a capital letter is numbered at each end.
Every line starts at the left margin.
Every line wins of yields an inch of ground.
Many lines already use cars to fill containers, particularly in Australia and South America.
Many lines are available in three sizes, which roughly equate to peoples' weight.
Many lines are unclear and hard to understand.
Many lines extend back to the country of origin.
Many lines have cool clubs or discos for teens.
Many lines have their own web sites.
Many lines now come with welded loops on both ends.
Many lines travel at least ten generations, and some for more than sixty generations.
More lines are available in the errors warning and notes list on the cross section output table.
More lines are now available for display.
More lines are sure to come as other companies recognize the ongoing success of the store.
More lines are to be added in the near future.
More lines go online.
More lines means more profits, but more risk too.
More lines means more visual information , which equals better picture quality and resolution.
More lines translate into a sharper picture.
Most lines are exactly as they appear in the Bible and some are extrabiblical.
Most lines are from the South.
Most lines are out of service until repaired.
Most lines lead to ten tricks, though.
Most lines make no sense whatsoever, although some are so ridiculous that they are downright funny.
Most lines now have non-smoking dining rooms.
Most lines offer a variety of discounts.
Most lines offer an optional five-day safari out of Nairobi before or after the cruise.
Most lines start as fine cuts, grow in thickness and taper to a fine point.
Most lines travel underneath several communities.
Some line drawing and a section of color photographs round out a well written, useful book.
Some lines absolutely sing.
Some lines allow passengers to join for one segment of the trip instead of the whole voyage.
Some lines are either unstyled or red.
Some lines are extremely difficult.
Some lines are feelings the shepherds had.
Some lines are heavy into humor, some into angst.
Some lines are longer than others.
Some lines are more accurate than others.
Some lines are more researched than others.
Some lines are more susceptible than others, but all lines are affected to some degree.
Some lines are prone to a blood problem called glaucoma.
Some lines are prone to distemper.
Some lines are prone to hip dysplasia, ear infections, genetic eye disease and skin cancers.
Some lines are prone to hip dysplasia, thrombocytopenia, hemophilia and bloat.
Some lines are prone to hip dysplasia.
Some lines are prone to skin allergies.
Some lines are prone to skin and eye problems.
Some lines are prone to skin problems.
Some lines are red, indicating down systems.
Some lines are soft and wavy, some lines are hard and jagged.
Some lines are thicker than others and some have more lines.
Some lines being changed is a common occurrence on the set anyway.
Some lines blend with the racing blood better than others.
Some lines can be prone to epilepsy, heart disease, eye and back problems.
Some lines can be prone to heart disease, epilepsy, eye and back problems.
Some lines come through a little garbled.
Some lines deserve an explanation.
Some lines even charge for soft drinks with meals.
Some lines excel in youth programming.
Some lines extend back fifteen generations.
Some lines float while others sink and others have a floating body and a sinking tip.
Some lines float, some sink and some do both.
Some lines go even further and have online booking systems.
Some lines go underground three levels.
Some lines going back into ancient times go father back than that.
Some lines have a tag to label which is which .
Some lines have become so bad, they're good again.
Some lines have self-service laundry facilities.
Some lines have smaller and larger sets.
Some lines have special names.
Some lines like to bark and do so frequently.
Some lines mark off national claims to territorial waters and they define hemispheres.
Some lines now have all features of a subway, but there are still tramays in most of the tunnels.
Some lines now suggest tips even for housekeepers to offset salary costs.
Some lines offer a choice of entree.
Some lines offer private babysitting for a fee while others have only group care.
Some lines offer special bases to help eye make-up stay on longer.
Some lines only have one train every two hours .
Some lines only have one train every two hours.
Some lines permit paranormal situations.
Some lines permit pets in private cabins.
Some lines provoke laughter no matter what.
Some lines require supporting schedules.
Some lines run parallel and others intersect to form a grand geometric form.
Some lines seem to be prone to seizures.
Some lines show promise, but regulatory steps prevent release of until further testing is completed.
Some lines specialize in serving families with children.
Some lines stay still, while others zig-zag across the screen.
Some lines work well in a campy, spoofy way.
Lineage also has an interesting castle siege system.
Lineage describes the documented history of a route.
Lineage exists in damn near all aspects of life.
Lineage has four classes.
Lineage has it's roots in heavy southern rock and roll.
Lineage has multiple game worlds.
Lineage has origins.
Lineage includes phyla.
Lineage is a family tree
Lineage is a little like fashion.
Lineage is a measure that describes the documented history of a route.
Lineage is a relatively uncomplicated game that players can start playing quite quickly.
Lineage is all-important in the Japanese myths, Shinto religion, and Japanese imperial rule.
Lineage is an online RPG that's very popular in Korea.
Lineage is based both upon organizational status and organizational actions.
Lineage is class and level based.
Lineage is genealogy.
Lineage is like an electric circuit.
Lineage is no exception.
Lineage is simply the number of games, per lane, per day, that the center currently achieves.
Lineage is unknown.
Lineage is video games.
Lineage isa social group.
Lineage leads to ancestors.
Lineage solves problems.
Lineage survives for years.
Lineages are often limited to particular regions of the world.
Lineages are parts of the tree of life .
Lineages are parts of the tree of life.
Lineages can still persist by migrating or dispersing to new sites.
Lineages change in frequency over time.
Lineages survive, but dominant life forms become extinct.
Most lineage has origins.
Most lineage includes phyla.
Most lineage is traced through the mail line.
Most lineage leads to ancestors.
Most lineage solves problems.
Some lineage becomes classifications.
Some lineage becomes lineage.
Some lineage contains angiosperms.
Some lineage contains flower plants.
Some lineage contains other flower plants.
Some lineage contains plants.
Some lineage develops patterns.
Some lineage has apparatus.
Some lineage has behavior.
Some lineage has contractile vacuoles.
Some lineage has evolution.
Some lineage has feathers.
Some lineage has fins.
Some lineage has similar behavior.
Some lineage has similar feed behavior.
Some lineage has vacuoles.
Some lineage includes birds.
Some lineage includes tuataras.
Some lineage increases chances.
Some lineage leads to dinosaurs.
Some lineage leads to humans.
Some lineage leads to mammals.
Some lineage leads to modern humans.
Some lineage leads to reptiles.
Some lineage requires further investigations.
Some lineage requires investigations.
Some lineage shows metamorphosis.
Some lineage survives crises.
Some lineages are down to the present generation.
Lineal ascent is from the self in a straight line to parent or grandparent.
All lineal dimensions are in feet and inches, and all volume numbers are in liters.
Lineal heirs are grandfather, grandmother, father, mother, and their children.
Lineal kin are either the direct ancestors or descendants of a particular Ego.
A lineament is a dimension
Lineaments are well-known phenomena in the Earth's crust.
Some lineaments have characteristics of both ridges and bands.
Linear absorption reduces the vibrational energy of particles constituting the wave-carrying medium.
A linear accelerator is a scientific instrument
Linear accelerators are accelerators.
Linear accelerators are ones that are just a straight tube.
Linear accelerators are the most common type of equipment used to deliver external beam treatments.
Linear accelerators produce x-rays at various energies.
Linear accelerators require a great amount of routine upkeep.
Some linear accelerators produce beams.
Some linear accelerators produce electron beams.
Linear action branching to linear action is easy to accomplish.
Linear actuators are actuators that move in a straight line.
Linear address is the same.
Linear algebra has many applications - in engineering, science, and social science.
Linear algebra is a prerequisite for most of the mathematics courses beyond calculus.
Linear algebra is a prerequisite.
Linear algebra is a tool in almost every area of advanced mathematics.
Linear algebra is a transition course for the more theoretical upper division math courses.
Linear algebra is a wide field with many applications.
Linear algebra is about vector spaces, matrices, and linear transformations.
Linear algebra is algebra
Linear algebra is algebra.
Linear algebra is an important component of undergraduate mathematics.
Linear algebra is both theoretical and applied mathematics.
Linear algebra is essential to the theory of differential equations.
Linear algebra is part of algebra.
Linear algebra is the basis for analyzing situations in which there is more than one unknown.
Linear algebra is the integrating theme.
Linear algebra is the math of shaped collections of numbers.
Linear algebra is the perfect subject for teaching students that abstraction can be a friend.
Linear algebra is the study of vectors, matrices and linear transformations.
Linear algebra provides a basis for wide areas of mathematics.
Linear algebra provides a natural bridge to upper level mathematics.
Linear algebra provides the methods necessary to analyze unwieldy systems.
Linear algebra provides the tools for organizing mathematics in higher dimensions.
Linear algebra routines.
Linear algebra runs into difficulties for spaces with infinite dimension.
Linear algebra shows up in many other engineering disciplines.
Linear algebra studies the theory of abstract vector spaces and linear transformations.
Linear algebra talks about functions , which are often called transformations .
Linear algebra talks about functions, which are often called transformations.
Linear algebra uses a system of notation for describing system behavior, called a matrix.
Linear algebra uses matrices.
Some linear algebra is introduced.
Linear amplifiers do require steady screen voltages.
Linear analysis is performed in two and three dimensions for axisymmetric flow.
Some linear analyses indicate intake.
Some linear analyses indicate soy intake.
Linear businesses are difficult to create, and more difficult to steward.
Linear calibration is photometrically correct editing space, the only one that is correct.
Linear characteristics provide low flow control stability.
Linear code bounds .
Every linear code is a homomorphism from the group into group .
Linear combination appears to be the method of choice in several such systems.
Linear communication goes in one sequence, determined by the author.
Linear complexity is achieved by employing the accumulator technique .
Linear constraints are a natural candidate for the use in constraint databases for two reasons.
Linear control provides micro drop infusion when needed.
Linear correlation is a natural measure of dependence in the context of the normal distribution.
Linear correlation is calculated for all points from the graph fallen in the selected region.
Linear densities radiate to the pleural surface from the lesion.
Linear dimensions are in red, angles in purple.
Linear dimensions are when flat.
All linear dimensions are in inches unless otherwise noted.
All linear dimensions are in millimeters.
Linear discs are like video tape.
Linear dispersion is associated with an instrument's ability to resolve fine spectral detail.
Linear dunes are straight and are often in the form of parallel ridges.
Linear dunes dominate the remainder of the sand areas.
All linear elements move back and forth on lead screws over a finite travel distance.
A linear equation is an equation
Linear equations have exactly one solution.
Linear equations play a fundamental role in the development of calculus.
Linear events can start and stop on different routes.
Linear fiction is ideal if the author wants to be in control.
Linear fractures are present in the right femur.
Linear frequency is simple and direct.
Linear frequency is simple.
Linear function make up a special but important class.
Linear glass scales provide position feedback for the high-speed DC servo motors.
Any linear gradients caused by imperfect die attach tend to cancel.
Linear growth continues until the growth plates fuse at the end of puberty.
Linear growth is constant.
Linear growth is facilitated in part by increased cellular protein synthesis.
Linear growth occurs when a quantity grows by the same amount in each unit of time.
Linear growth occurs whenever a factor expands by a constant amount each time period.
Linear image is an exercise on maps between vector spaces or affine spaces.
Linear independence is defined for functions the same way it is for any vector space.
Linear independence means that no column can be written as a linear combination of the others.
Linear interactions describe highly structured systems which are logical, sequential and planned.
Linear interpolation creates new values at equal distances along a line between two known values.
Linear interpolation is a simple numerical method for calculating a point in a straight line.
Linear interpolation is almost the easiest form of interpolation.
Linear interpolation is always valid between any two points in a plane.
Linear interpolation is done only in one parametric dimension, u or v, keeping the other constant.
Linear interpolation is used between game stages.
Linear interpolation is used to convert the series to a monthly one.
Linear interpolation is used to define the model between the nodes.
Linear interpolation is used to eliminate errors due to non-linearity.
Linear interpolation is used to extend the splines to the first and last atom within a spline.
Linear interpolation is used to interpolate over small intervals of bad or missing data.
Linear interpolation is used to smooth out the output signal.
Linear interpolation is used when required.
Linear isotherms describe the partitioning of the pollutant between the liquid and soil phases.
Linear length varies.
Linear lights are initially two units long.
Linear logic is presented through ludics , a novel interactive explanation of logic.
Linear logic is, in fact, a weak relevant logic with the addition of two operators.
Linear machines are smaller and can achieve higher speeds with much smaller increases in energy.
Linear mapping uses the data as it is.
A linear measure is an unit
Linear measure adds only one dimension to find total distance.
Linear measurements are listed in inches.
All linear measurements are in feet.
All linear measurements are in meters and angle measurements are in radians.
Linear mechanics gives a batter the illusion of power.
Linear molecules form into crystalline structures.
More linear molecules can get closer together.
Linear momentum depends on frame of reference.
Linear momentum is a measure of an object's translational motion.
Linear momentum is an easier and more reliable source of power than angular momentum.
Linear momentum is conserved if the net force acting on an object is zero.
Linear motion is achieved by applying the same scan pulses to each of the outer piezo tubes.
Linear motion is combined with circular motion.
Linear motion is motion in a straight line.
Linear motion is, therefore, locally defined.
Linear motion represents constant velocity.
Linear motions are much easier to duplicate than curved ones.
Linear motors are capable of extremely high speeds, quick acceleration, and accurate positioning.
Linear motors are most commonly induction motors or stepper motors.
Linear multimedia combines video footage, sound, etc., but is without choices.
Linear narrative is very much based around the climax.
Linear notes make use of the left side of the brain.
Linear operation requires a steady screen supply.
A linear operator is an operator
Linear operator has a bug when performing correlation.
Linear optimization is a special case of Convex optimization.
Linear optimization queries.
Linear oscillators tend to be pretty dull though.
Linear parks play a critical role in developing a sense of community.
Linear parks provide restful pedestrian routes which are well-separated from automobiles.
Linear pattern is dominant, restraint in quantity of plant material.
Linear pattern means following a line.
Linear perspective depends upon a rudimentary geometric grid laid out over nature.
Linear perspective is an appearance
Linear planning is narrow.
Linear polarisation is required.
Linear polymer contrasts with branched polymer and crosslinked polymer.
Linear polymers are like ropes.
Linear polymers are thermoplastic materials.
Linear polynomials are the easiest polynomials.
Linear potentiometers measure the spring compression.
Linear pressure drop A straight line pressure drop across the lapped seal faces.
Linear programs apply to business, engineering, economics and many other domains.
Linear programs are common optimization problems.
Linear programmers do it with nearest neighbors.
A linear programming is applied math
Linear programming can be a simple or as complex as wanted.
Linear rail grow light movers can accommodate air-cooled lamps.
Linear range rescaling merely propagates the coding inefficiencies.
Linear reaction sequences.
Linear reading is also a thing of the past.
Linear recording moves tapes quickly across fixed heads, like a shoeshine rag.
Linear regression assumes that the function is linear.
Linear regression has many practical uses.
Linear regression is a powerful data anlaysis tool.
Linear regression is a special case of the least squares method.
Linear regression is a statistical procedure that is used to predict future values from past values.
Linear regression is a very widely known mathematical tool for modelling data.
Linear regression is a widely accepted and reproducible method.
Linear regression is one of a class of data analysis methods called linear least squares fitting.
Linear regression is regression.
Linear regression is statistical regression
Linear regression is the primary tool for analyses of various experimental designs.
Linear regression is used to find the stripe size at which the relative amplitude is zero.
Linear regulators are easy to use and require fewer components than switching regulators.
Linear relationships are the only relationships which are convenient to analyze.
Linear scalability enables economical path for organizations needing Web hosting.
Linear scalability is guaranteed with any combination of systems.
Linear score has a normal frequency distribution.
Linear search works well for small value sets.
Linear shell middens along the shoreline of Tampa Bay.
All linear spaces are less compact than nonlinear alternatives.
Linear stacks move in a straight line.
Linear structure is also most common.
Linear style exists where line drawing, stippling and shading are used to depict a specimen.
Some linear systems function with the aid of computers, others are non-computerized.
Linear table bearings for smooth operation.
Linear technique focuses on using force to overpower an opponent.
Linear technology pumps for sewage aeration and air bed inflation systems.
Linear thinkers do well at games or activities which can be broken down into sequential steps.
Linear time bounds for median computations.
Linear time is a reality, but only a reality.
Linear topology is used as an example.
Linear trajectory is okay, assuming that is the intended result.
Linear transfer equals freedom to mix creatively.
Linear transformation plays slightly the same role than exponential.
Linear transformations are quite easy to achieve.
Linear transformations preserve linear combinations in general.
Linear transition ripples on an unbarred beach.
Linear transponders are capable of relaying several different signals simultaneously.
Linear trends can vary greatly depending on the period over which they are computed.
Linear view allows an entire score to be viewed as one system.
Linear wheals appear as a result of scratching.
Linear writing is good for readers, but makes the act of writing twice as difficult as it has to be.
A linearity is dimensionality
Linearity addresses the degree of spatial evenness among the tone intervals.
Linearity controls whether the top half of the picture is the same height as the bottom half.
Linearity greatly simplifies things, but at the cost of making the dissimilar seem similar.
Linearity has to do with the one on one increase or decrease of one variable related to another.
Linearity is an unsolved problem, just as for diskettes and other media.
Linearity is another common buzzword.
Linearity is just an imposition in print.
Linearity is maintaied in either mode.
Linearity is merely an approximation.
Linearity is polynomially decidable for realtime pushdown store automatia.
Linearity is primarily an issue for computer monitors that use CRTs.
Linearity is related to the ratio of the signal input to the signal output.
Linearity is the simplest and most frequently used concept in applications of mathematics.
Linearity is very good.
Linearity keeps life simple.
Linearity leads directly to passive reception and the widespread torpor of the simulation model.
Linearity makes causality clear and verifiable, but it's a monologue with no audience input.
Linearity means basically that effects are proportional to causes.
Linearity means the same thing as applied to sequences.
Linearized wavelengths are optional.
A lineation is a boundary
Lineation is retained.
Lineations are fluid-filled.
Lineations are marking.
A linebacker is a football player
Linebacker is a tougher position to learn.
Linebacker is strong at the top on the outside but it tails off.
Linebacker is the deepest position on the team.
Linebacker makes night operations possible and reduces the crew needed from five to four.
Linebackers are backs.
Linebackers are football players.
Linebackers are masters of the read and react technique and use it extensively.
Linebackers are smaller, and the ends are smaller.
Linebackers are strong point.
Linebackers are too agile.
Linebackers Being a linebacker typically requires moves to avoid blocks.
Linebackers can appear in different formations, or looks.
Linebackers can run either forward, lateral or backward.
Linebackers help in runs and passes.
Linebackers look very good, too.
Linebackers play football downhill and tackling is done on the go.
Lined draperies are preferable.
Lined hats are reversible, and all have an embroidered logo.
A lined snake is a colubrid
Lined snakes hibernate deep in the rocky outcroppings.
Lined snakes prefer prairies and savannas.
Lined space is provided for four principal investigators.
Lined vest has upper front and front button closure.
A lineman is a football player
Lineman also install and maintain underground systems.
Lineman can work on exploding out from their stance, while receivers can work on cutting drills.
Lineman is a lot like Fast Ring.
Linemans are football players.
Linemans are lines.
Linemans are part of football teams.
Linemans are positions.
Linemans are surveyors.
Linemen are always among the first ashore.
Linemen are the cheapest to recruit, while blitzers are the most expensive.
Linemen are the other guys, the unseen force that make all the razzle-dazzle possible.
Linemen can create alarms, while executives manage the process with detailed reports.
Linemen crouch in there stances, preparing to fire off into blocking dummies.
Linemen have trouble pulling, trapping and creating holes because of their girth.
Linemen join their cause.
Linemen miss blocks.
Linemen move around now if they're young and skilled, going wherever they can earn big bucks.
Linemen work hard for respect They toil in relative obscurity.
Linemen usually go unnoticed except for bad plays or bad days.
Every lineman seems bigger and stronger.
Linen cloth is mentioned in all four gospels.
Linen cloths are very durable, outlasting cotton by many years.
Linen absorbs moisture with difficulty.
Linen changing is once a week and more frequent, if it s necessary.
Linen consists of pillows fitted sheets and duvet.
Linen cover stock.
Linen covers a variety of raw materials known as flax or linen.
Linen grows from the ground in individual stalks, similar to human hair.
Linen is cloth
Linen is cloth.
Linen is fabric.
Linen is located in cabinets.
Linen is located in closets.
Linen is located in cupboards.
Linen is located in homes.
Linen is located in hospitals.
Linen is located in shirts.
Linen is natural fiber.
Linen is organic matter.
Linen is paper.
Linen is used for comfort.
Linen is used for dryings.
Linen is used for materials.
Linen is used for tablecloths.
Linen is used for washings.
Linen is used for wearing.
Linen literally transforms a room.
Linen look or velveteen.
Linen look poly blend.
Linen looks like the color of linen. .
Linen looks terrible when it rains.
Linen moves automatically from the washer to the dryer by a robot-like shuttle.
Linen napkins in a wide selection of colors to match any decor theme.
Linen responds better to stain treatments than cotton, but linen can be damaged by bleach.
Linen takes longer to ignite.
Linen threads for the cloth, hems and joints, wool for the quilting.
Linen unifies everything on the table, adding colour, pattern and texture.
Linens are all-cotton and dried on the line.
Linens are an integral part of that refuge.
Linens are an integral part of the stylizing of a table.
Linens are available at an additional cost.
Linens are available for a fee.
Linens are available for a slight charge.
Linens are available for a small additional charge.
Linens are available for a small fee.
Linens are available for an additional charge.
Linens are available for an additional fee.
Linens are available in black, gray and teal.
Linens are available on a per group basis with prior arrangements for an additional fee.
Linens are available through an outside contracted linen service.
Linens are available to all guests.
Linens are available to rent at extra cost.
Linens are available upon request for a minimal fee.
Linens are available.
Linens are batch-sorted on the third floor, and then conveyed to the preprogrammed tunnel washer.
Linens are easily the icing on the cake of an event.
Linens are from France and Sweden.
Linens are in the cabinets behind the pillows.
Linens are line dried.
Linens are optional and require an extra fee.
Linens continue to bring obscene bids.
Linens cover the tables, but otherwise they're sparsely set with just salt and pepper shakers.
Linens taken from the dryer slightly damp are exactly right for ironing.
Linens often inspire the decorating theme for special events.
All linen including beach towels is provided on Luxury Crewed Charter.
All linen is disposed of in the linen hampers keeping the lid closed at all times.
All linen is furnished except towels and face cloths.
All linen is included and a complimentary starter pack is provided.
All linen is included.
All linen is provided and, of course, the kitchen is fully equipped with cutlery, pots and pans.
All linen is provided except beach towels.
All linen is provided free of charge except personal towels which are extra if needed.
All linen is provided including bath towels.
All linen is provided, except towels.
All linen is provided.
All linen is supplied and rooms are serviced daily.
All linen is supplied except towels and toiletries.
All linen is supplied free of charge.
All linen is supplied unless otherwise specified at the time of booking.
All linen is supplied.
All linens can be machine washed.
All linens cookware, and utensils are supplied.
All linens have a listed replacement value.
Some linens are washable, while others are dry clean only.
Liner notes are complete and very informative.
A liner is a fly
Liner isa event.
Liner notes and cover photo.
Liner turns dark blue while curing and is now ready for flashings and finishing.
Liners add mass to the stove and tend to spread heat away from hot spots in the fire.
Liners also add to the insulation value.
Liners also can crack due to bricks and mortar being installed too close to the liner.
Liners also come in different thicknesses.
Liners also help to keep the box in good condition.
Liners also lengthen the time between the starting of the fire and the heating of the room.
Liners are an effective way to prevent infiltration of groundwater into the system.
Liners are another compromise.
Liners are available for our display barrels.
Liners are available in a variety of colors and designs.
Liners are available in two sizes, and the flexible sheets can be trimmed to fit.
Liners are available.
Liners are flies.
Liners are for trash cans only.
Liners are great for summer riding.
Liners are key.
Liners are of brass.
Liners are part of garments.
Liners are passenger ships.
Liners are plastic or clay layers installed to keep liquid wastes from contaminating soil or water.
Liners are reasonable in cost and the kits have complete instructions.
Liners are reusable.
Liners are suitable for planting into small containers.
Liners can be elastomeric , hardened steel , or ceramic .
Liners come with installation instructions.
Liners containing grit necessary for birds are available for the bottom of the cage.
Liners do work and it is an affordable way to add many additional years to the life of the tank.
Liners feature a ventilated, sliding half-lid for ease of access.
Liners give extra protection and padding.
Liners have their drawbacks, too, particularly with regard to esthetics.
Liners invariably wear out sooner than the shells which means replacement is much more economical.
Liners match the color of the cup.
Liners resist root penetration.
Liners shown below are for in-ground pools only.
Liners shown here are less wide than the actual liners.
Liners significantly reduce waste disposal, speed cleanup and changeover times.
All liners come in three sections which overlap when hung, and are sized to fit snugly.
All liners including plastic and concrete are permeable to some degree.
All liners leak.
All liners perform worse than anyone suspected.
Many liners mistreat fish.
Some liners are special order only and take longer to deliver.
Some liners cover tops and sides of the casket.
Lineroom training consists of one four-hour shift each week in addition to the classroom training.
Lines graphs are superior to columns for long periods of time.
Lineside shots enhance the ride.
A linesman is an official
Linesman are strong innovators in the field of supply line management.
Linesman has no authority to signal fouls.
Linesmans are officials.
Linesmen are assistants of the referee.
Linesmen are bright guys.
Linesmen call offside, offside passes, and icing offenses.
Linesmen closely monitor the bluelines for offside plays.
Linesmen do more than call offside or icing violations.
Linesmen jump in quickly.
Most linesmen allow a little cheating.
A lineup is a roster
Lineup has balance.
LineUp is a multiple sequence editor used to create multiple sequence alignments.
LineUp is a screen editor for editing and displaying overlapping sequences.
LineUp is a screen editor for editing multiple sequence alignments.
LineUp is an interactive editor for editing multiple sequence alignments.
Lineups are displayings.
Lineups are frustrating.
Lineups are generally shorter in the afternoons as well.
Lineups are lines.
Lineups are to be submitted via the web site unless prior arrangements are made.
Lineups are valuable for suspect identifications, gang suppression, and patrol information.
Lineups are very common during the last half of the term.
Lineups change all the time.
Lineups change frequently, so call ahead.
Lineups roll each week.
Lineups Use the Lineups tab to manipulate team starters and injured reserve.
Lineups sometimes appear, but only at certain times and on certain lifts.
All lineups are tentative but updated everyday.
Every lineup has nine good hitters.
Ling isa tracheophyte.
Lings have (part) cell membranes.
Lings have (part) cells.
Lings have (part) corpi.
Lings have (part) cytoplasm.
Lings have (part) leaf shapes.
Lings have (part) nuclei.
Lings have (part) pads.
Lings have (part) plasma membranes.
Lings have (part) sections.
Lings have (part) vacuoles.
A lingcod is a bony fish
Lingcod also does nicely in soups and stews.
Lingcod are highly susceptible to overfishing.
Lingcod are most vulnerable to predation during the egg and larval life stages.
Lingcod are slow growers, especially large lady lings.
Lingcod are unique to the west coast of North America.
Lingcod are voracious predators.
Lingcod begin life in near-surface marine waters and estuarine areas.
Lingcod continue to protect their nests from predation, and lingcod fishing remains closed.
Lingcod feed primarily on smaller fishes.
Lingcod tend to lay in the upside of current flow over rocks.
Lingcods are fish.
Lingcods are part of lingcods.
Lingcods are saltwater fish.
Lingerie are stretchable.
Lingerie attracts the eye where bloomers dis- gust.
Lingerie can be a daily treat or it can be for a special evening.
Lingerie can say so much.
Lingerie connotes black satin, lace, and the unfastening of hooks.
Lingerie is a fully stocked, on-line only store.
Lingerie is also an option.
Lingerie is an easy to use store offering affordable, top quality lingerie.
Lingerie is an underwear
Lingerie is available in a large selection of colors, petite, misses and plus size.
Lingerie is available locally but is very expensive or of second quality.
Lingerie is braille.
Lingerie is located in department stores.
Lingerie is located in drawers.
Lingerie is more of a gift for guys than girls.
Lingerie is our specialty.
Lingerie is powerful stuff.
Lingerie is pretty to look at.
Lingerie is pretty, comfortable and taking full advantage of new fiber technologies.
Lingerie is underwears.
Lingerie is where love, sex, and romance intertwine.
Lingerie sets the mood.
Lingerie skins, some object sets, and beautiful paintings too.
Lingerie straddles the border between the two realms.
All lingerie is shipped discreetly in a plain box.
Some lingerie is worn throughout the day.
Lingo solutions are powerful, easy to use, and a snap to configure.
LingoMAIL registration is performed via a secure server.
A lingonberry is a berry
Lingonberries also make a great accompaniment to meat and cheese dishes.
Lingonberries are a Norwegian favorite.
Lingonberries are available at specialty stores in jars or cans.
Lingonberries are beautiful and delicate-looking ornamentals.
Lingonberries are berries.
Lingonberries are relatives of cranberries, grown in many Scandinavian countries.
Lingonberries are similar to cranberries and are popular in Scandinavia.
A lingua is an organ
Lingua is a multiple language translation utility.
Lingual arch rests on cingulums of lower incisors.
Linguine comes smothered in sauteed chicken and mushrooms moistened by a buttery white wine sauce.
Linguine is solid food
Linguine is the best pasta on earth.
A linguist is a scientist
Linguist is the chief list-server for linguistics.
Linguists address the phenomenon of language from a variety of perspectives.
Linguists agree that languages are disappearing at an alarming rate all over the world.
Linguists already worry that the Lithuanian language is becoming too Anglicized.
Linguists also study howspeech is produced.
Linguists also study the geographical and social dialect variations of language.
Linguists also work in law, in the computer industry, and in foreign language translation.
Linguists also work in occupations related to law, the computer industry, and foreign languages.
Linguists are divided.
Linguists are interested in all aspects of language, and in all languages of the world.
Linguists are interested in every aspect of language.
Linguists are interested in learning how language works.
Linguists are interested in several types of relationships between languages.
Linguists are interested in the patterns and regularity that can be found in the outputs.
Linguists are kind of like English teachers, they love grammar.
Linguists are often bilingual and find work as interpreters.
Linguists are often multi-lingual and find careers in the business world as translators.
Linguists are particularly welcome to apply if otherwise qualified.
Linguists are people.
Linguists are scientists.
Linguists are usually interested in descriptive rules.
Linguists believe that it is easier for a child to learn a second language than it is for an adult.
Linguists call it head-last .
Linguists call such insignificant varieties allophones of phonemes.
Linguists can find unexplained phenomena in any magazine article.
Linguists can work in many kinds of jobs depending on choice of concentration.
Linguists classify it as a separate language that became a distinct entity long ago.
Linguists compare languages, looking for universal rules.
Linguists continue to marvel at the outright audacity of Yugoslav swear words.
Linguists differ as to whether the spoken or the written language is more complex.
Linguists differ on the criteria used to distinguish a dialect from a separate language.
Linguists divide sounds up into several large categories.
Linguists divide words into function and content words.
Linguists do it cunningly.
Linguists do it with their tongues.
Linguists do sneer about it being folk etymology, however.
Linguists doubt it.
Linguists essentially use the terms construction, form, and structure as synonyms.
Linguists estimate that a language dies about every two weeks, and with it unique ways of life.
Linguists estimate the number of languages today at about six thousand.
Linguists explore the sounds, the words, the sentences, and the meanings of language.
Linguists gather data and test out ideas to make conclusions about language.
Linguists generally regard both approaches as complementary.
Linguists glean a lot from comparing the syntactical rules of different languages.
Linguists have a number of tests for confirming an adjective.
Linguists have a variety of grim-sounding terms for languages with few or no native speakers.
Linguists have an obligation to be objective in their study of language.
Linguists have an obligation to give back to the communities in which they work.
Linguists investigate both spoken and written language.
Linguists know better.
Linguists leap to the Net .
Linguists look at languages to learn about their generalproperties and differences.
Linguists look for similarities - but they also look for regular differences.
Linguists look to history to understand the negative power of the words.
Linguists love to be tolerant about the way languages grow.
Linguists now have a larger history to regard.
Linguists praise the U.S. decision to send the vowels.
Linguists praise the U.S.'s decision to send the vowels.
Linguists really are a different lot.
Linguists say names have gender markers, even when they're invented.
Linguists say Southerners smooth out their dipthongs.
Linguists scan conversations looking for key words, defense specialists say.
Linguists seek to explain how language is organized and produced.
Linguists still argue about where it came from.
Linguists study all aspects of human communication.
Linguists study both the universal properties and the particular structures of language.
Linguists study how each particular language structures the expression of concepts.
Linguists study the development of grammar and word meaning.
Linguists study the language itself.
Linguists study the nature and development of language and the relationship of language to culture.
Linguists study the nature and structure of human speech.
Linguists study the role of language in society, and the effect of social structure on a language.
Linguists study the science of language.
Linguists study the structure of language.
Linguists tanslate one language to another.
Linguists try and create a grammar, or set of rules, for a language.
Linguists use it for research on sign languages.
Linguists use specialized symbols in order to transcribe language.
Linguists wet their knickers over an incredible new discovery.
Linguists work with communities in many different ways.
Linguists often differ when they talk about languages, dialects, and linguistic affiliations.
Linguists often rely on their own intuitions, or alternatively, make use of an informant.
Linguists sometimes find difficulty speaking.
Linguists sometimes make mistakes in how they analyze things in a language.
Linguists usually refer to 'varieties of language'.
Many linguists believe the child's brain is preprogrammed for language learning.
Many linguists reject the Nostratic theory.
Many linguists study a variety of languages, others study a single language intensively.
Many linguists technically differentiate between grammar and syntax, at least some of the time.
Most linguists agree that each person speaks an individual idiolect .
Most linguists deal with descriptive grammar.
Most linguists hold that only a healthy language is capable of being maintained.
Most linguists know that the number of human languages in use is rapidly decreasing.
Most linguists now regard language as compulsory in humans.
Most linguists organize the African languages into four major language families .
Most linguists organize the African languages into four major language families.
Most linguists provide a fairly common definition of casual conversation.
Most linguists refer to it as just a matter of pronunciation.
Some linguists also study the acoustical properties of sound, i.e. the physics of sound .
Some linguists also work part time.
Some linguists regard such large scale reversals as highly unlikely.
Some linguists say a dialect is a language without official status.
Some linguists say that people can only perceive what their language can describe.
Some linguists say that the pronoun becomes part of the verb itself.
Some linguists think a Hebrew derivation for brouhaha is just plain wrong.
Some linguists treat it as a distinct language.
Some linguists use augmented transition networks to model natural grammars.
Some linguists use the term genitives to include English possessors .
Linguistic abilities have direct economic consequences.
Linguistic abilities increase.
Linguistic ability facilitates mutual understanding.
Linguistic ability is an obvious advantage.
Linguistic abuse is a special threat to the gay and transgendered.
Linguistic accuracy is maintained throughout the program.
Linguistic activity creates models of reality whose material body consists of linguistic objects.
Linguistic ambiguities can hurt.
Linguistic analysis has the aura of the scientific.
Linguistic analysis is used as a tool to identify and resolve philosophical problems.
Any linguistic annotation is annotation of some data.
Linguistic antecedent is the actual wording to refer to the semantic antecedent.
Linguistic anthropologists investigate the relationship between communication and culture.
Linguistic Anthropologists look at language as the measure of our lives.
Linguistic anthropologists study how humans communicate and how language shapes social life.
Linguistic anthropologists study the development and evolution of languages.
Linguistic anthropologists study the role of language in various cultures.
Linguistic anthropologists study the role of languages in cultures.
Linguistic Anthropologists tend to focus on linguistic performance and situated discourse.
Linguistic anthropology deals with language within the broader context of anthropology.
Linguistic anthropology is the study of how language shapes cultural life.
Linguistic anthropology is the study of language as used by different societies.
Linguistic anthropology is the third division and is concerned with the study of language.
Linguistic anthropology studies human language.
Linguistic anthropology studies the diversity of human languages and styles of communication.
Linguistic competence is competence
Linguistic competence is the desired goal.
Linguistic computation has crucially digital properties.
A linguistic context is discourse
Linguistic context is qualitative in nature and is obtained dynamically.
Linguistic conventions apply.
Some linguistic convention creates pressure.
Some linguistic convention creates selective pressure.
Linguistic data includes a representative selection of the world's languages.
Linguistic data suggest they moved into area from So.
Linguistic deprivation is perhaps the best argument to link social class and underachievement.
Linguistic descriptions are of course highly abstract even at the phonological level.
Linguistic discussions take place in our discussion list.
Linguistic diversity has all the merits attributed to biological diversity.
Linguistic diversity is a fact of nature.
Linguistic diversity is regarded as an important cultural and economic asset.
Linguistic duality has a direct impact on the economy.
Linguistic duality is one of the cornerstones of Canada.
Linguistic emphasis is placed on grammar, morphology, vocabulary, reading skills and comprehension.
Linguistic enlightenment sees value in a common universal neutral language.
Linguistic equivalence refers to the language and thus to the instructions and items of assessments.
Linguistic evidence focusing on the forms of nouns certainly tends toward our interpretation.
Linguistic evidence is positively against it.
Linguistic evidence points to a northerly exodus through the upper Indus Valley.
Linguistic evidence suggests that they milked and bled their cattle.
Linguistic expressions are objects.
Linguistic features work at the level of syllables, words, and sentences.
Linguistic forms can be vocabulary and grammar.
Linguistic history is like a bloodline, it evidences the history of a culture.
Linguistic identity represents complex social, political and cultural meanings.
Linguistic ideologies are more than rational strategies of metadiscursive regimentation.
Linguistic innovations emerge from the remarkable complexity of communication in social interaction.
Linguistic intelligence includes talent in using language and thinking symbolically.
Linguistic intelligence is characterized by a love for and understanding of language.
Linguistic intelligence is used by all people to at least some extent.
Linguistic intuitions are the result of perceptual processes and linguistic universals.
Linguistic knowledge includes knowledge of sounds, forms and meaning.
Linguistic knowledge is important.
Linguistic localization can raise significant layout issues.
Linguistic localization involves providing all aspects of language support.
Linguistic models hypothesize the existence of certain grammatical components.
Every linguistic noun is such a selection.
Linguistic patterns follow event patterns.
Linguistic precision is important.
Linguistic prescriptivism has a pretty dismal track record.
Linguistic proficiency is a key qualification in the coming generations.
Linguistic proficiency is therefore key.
Linguistic purity is about avoiding foreign influences to a language because they are seen as bad .
Linguistic purity is about avoiding foreign influences to a language because they are seen as bad.
Linguistic quality is, on the face of it, determined only in a judgemental manner.
Linguistic reality is taken for reality itself.
Linguistic reductions are part of natural English.
Linguistic relationships are mostly predictable.
Linguistic Relativity is Back.
Linguistic relativity is the claim that human behavior and perception is influenced by language.
Linguistic research defines the possible complexity of puzzle pieces.
Linguistic services means much more than technical translation.
Linguistic signs bear no necessary relationship to extralinguistic objects.
Linguistic signs deal with all the foregoing.
Linguistic signs depend on consistency of conventional use, i.e., on the grammar of a language.
Linguistic signs deserve a special mention.
All linguistic signs are arbitrary.
Linguistic skills are vital for many internationally-based tasks or services.
Linguistic studies lecture.
Linguistic technology is employed to guide the user and improve navigation and retrieval.
Linguistic theories are immature, especially where semantics and pragmatics are concerned.
Linguistic threat activates the human amygdala.
Linguistic traits help trace the migration behavior and origins of the groups.
Linguistic unity based on a foreign language is cultural abortion.
Linguistic variation is a central concept in materials and methodology.
Linguistics isa science.
A liniment is an application
Liniments are solutions that are applied to the skin, usually in areas that are sore or swollen.
Some liniments contain compounds that produce similar temperature stimuli to the nerves in the skin.
Lining isa artifact.
Linings are applications.
Linings are insulation.
Linings are linings.
Linings are protective covering.
Linings have (part) sections.
Link chain comes in wide variety of styles.
Link data are simply indirect addresses.
Link editors acquire, improve, promote, and distribute information and images.
Link exchange are welcome.
Link exchange is an effective internet advertising method.
Link exchange is required.
Link exchanges are a far better way to build traffic.
Link exchanges are always welcome.
Link exchanges are beneficial for all sites involved.
Link exchanges are less structured.
Link exchanges are one of the best tools to increase and or share traffic.
Link exchanges are open to any club, swingers pages or alternative lifestyle pages.
Link exchanges are part of what makes the net in Internet.
Link exchanges are welcome.
Link exchanges benefit everyone involved.
Link exchanges get priority.
Link exchanges welcome.
Link fields provide a simple means to provide realtionships, or links, to other data elements.
Link lists are a standard part of any web site design.
Link lists is a list of sites with railroad related links.
Link Lists Link Lists Finding genealogical information online can be a frustrating experience.
Link lists provide a good way to browse for other resources.
Link pages are a dime a dozen.
Link pages are always an exit point.
Link pages are always great sources of traffic to and from web sites.
Link pages are different.
Link pages are welcome, as long as the links are well organized.
Link partners receive a priority listing in our link directory.
Link River is a half mile east.
Link rot can result from external as well as internal file changes or movements.
Some link sites have sites with pornographic material one link away, so please be careful.
Some link sites have sites withpornographic material one link away, so please be careful.
A link is a fixing
Link appears on the entry page of the category specified.
Link are all shades of the same technology, though there are some differences between i.
Link are basically the same technology although there are some differences between i.
Link are hot spots or buttons a reader can trigger to move between available texts.
Link are identical.
Link contains photos.
Link does indeed offer a custom conjugate synthesis service .
Link entails huge up-front capital costs.
Link feels pedestrians and bikers can coexist if the plan is designed correctly.
Link is about half way down the page.
Link is above capacity threshold tolerance.
Link is above minimum but below high percent tolerance.
Link is above.
Link is always the good guy .
Link is always the good guy.
Link is at bottom for free medal.
Link is at bottom of page.
Link is at the bottom of each page.
Link is at the bottom of the page.
Link is at the home page.
Link is at top .
Link is be able to move between levels to solve puzzles and get through the dungeons.
Link is below and to the right.
Link is below the main distribution link.
Link is below.
Link is for everyone to use.
Link is for original program.
Link is here .
Link is in English.
Link is in URL entry.
Link is intermittent.
Link is on home page or link page accessible from the home page.
Link is on the bottom right.
Link is on the FAQ page .
Link is on the home page.
Link is on the left, under navigation menu.
Link is on the right side of the website.
Link is on the top right of the main page.
Link is on the upper right hand corner under resources on the home page.
Link is outside of CDC site domain and opens in another browser window.
Link is outside of CDC site domain and opens in separate browser window.
Link is sometimes slow.
Link is toward the top on the right.
Link isa linkage.
Link likes to watch out the window at our birdfeeder.
LINK monitor technical specs and information.
Link provides access information to indexes of articles.
Link provides addresses.
LINK relies on willing hunters and trappers to help landowners with wildlife problems.
Link rolls out of the way just before the impact.
LINK runs on a standard PC, yet can easily access data from larger host computers.
LINK teaches parents how the special education system works and their roles and rights.
Link wears the years well.
Links .page under construction.
Links 'a theatre company for the future' The following links are correct at time of downloading.
Links above are for placing credit card orders only.
Links Access a range of useful resources.
Links access audio files directly, unless otherwise noted.
Links Access our list of links conveniently arranged by topic.
Links access relevant support documentation.
Links Access the links pages via the buttons at the bottom of the page.
Links accounts for analysis purposes.
Links act as an electronic paper clip, linking a document to related material.
Links act as pointers.
Links Add a hyperlink.
Links add a list of reference links.
Links add to a site's usefulness.
Links add to the site's comprehensiveness.
Links again can be from any of the areas listed above.
Links ai siti internazionali.
Links aid navigation between Web documents.
Links allow a person to move between different webpages.
Links allow dirct access to electronic texts of documents.
Links allow easy cross-referencing between documents.
Links allow fans to purchase tickets by dialing a representative directly.
Links allow participants to check current prices of stocks and the value of their portfolios.
Links allow the user quick access to other schools' sites, exercises, tutorials, software, etc.
Links allow the user to click once on a highlighted word and go directly to another section or page.
Links allow the users to go to a page that describes something in more detail.
Links allow to reach directly the electronic available texts.
Links allow users to browse through information easily.
Links allow visitors of one web site to access other web sites of similar interest.
Links allow visitors to view participant feedback and connect to other weather sites.
Links Allows a quick search of site by key word.
Links allows one to weave into the other yet remain apart at the same time.
Links also are available to several technology-related publications.
Links also connect users to other web sites located on other remote servers.
Links also die when a server name changes.
Links also disrupt the narrative flow of the text by inviting readers to go elsewhere.
Links also exist from there to many other constitutional and legal information sites.
Links also exist in the midwest from Oklahoma, Ohio, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and New York.
Links also exist to schools throughout Georgia that have created their own Web pages.
Links also exist to web pages prepared by our sister organizations across the world.
Links also go to the bookblog for cookbook reviews.
Links also help improve search engine placement.
Links also involve fibers in pairs.
Links also lead to previous studies and supporting reports.
Links also make great teethers.
Links also point to a comparison table of the student scenario and the engineering scenario.
Links also provide contrast.
Links also result in high link popularity, which in turn leads to higher search engine rankings.
Links also subject to validation.
Links also take the form of text that is a different color and underlined.
Links also welcome.
Links amount to a vote of approval for a web page.
Links Antiquariat online bookstore - rare, out of print, antique.
Links appear again at the bottom.
Links appear as an underlined, different colored part of the text.
Links appear as citations that users can then e-mail to themselves or drop into a bibliography.
Links appear as closed caskets which pop open when clicked.
Links appear as colored underlined words or highlighted images.
Links appear as graphics or sometimes as underlined text.
Links appear as underlined text.
Links appear as words and pictures.
Links appear at the bottom of each webpage on the site.
Links appear below.
Links appear in almost every Web site.
Links appear in new browser windows.
Links appear in new window.
Links appear in no particular order.
Links appear in the headings of some boards, or in the left column.
Links appear on the screen as highlighted text or as graphics.
Links appear on Web pages as differently colored, underlined, or highlighted text.
Links appear on Web pages in the form of highlighted or underlined words, phrases, or pictures.
Links appear which direct the user to a response.
Links appearing here are extremely selective.
Links apply equally in both directions.
Links Apply On-line registration and application form.
Links are a form of interaction.
Links are a great thing about the Web and about Web searching.
Links are a little different from the above.
Links are a major error-prone area.
Links are a means to offer access to selected works, which is what journals do now.
Links are a measurement of the value of the links provided on a site.
Links are a mix of articles, magazines, and other announcements of potential interest.
Links are a most essential part of a webpage.
Links are a nice idea.
Links are a pain in the neck to keep up to date.
Links are a powerful tool for journal integration, most immediately in the form of citation linking.
Links are a tricky business.
Links are a valuable resource.
Links are a very important part of any webpage on the net.
Links are a very important part of any webpage.
Links are a way to access other pages on the net.
Links are a way to cut a big project in handable pieces.
Links are a way to do that, where there is common ground.
Links are a way to move from one page to another and from one computer to another.
Links are able to hide behind pictures and text.
Links are above. .
Links are abundant and the site is still growing.
Links are accessible either vertically or horizontally.
Links are accessible.
Links are accurate and up to date, and well indexed.
Links are active for subscribers only.
Links are active only for courses in session now.
Links are active only in the name list page.
Links are active.
Links are actually pointers to information located anywhere on the Internet.
Links are added as sources of additional and useful information to our visitors, there is no charge.
Links are all alphabetical.
Links are all good and very fast.
Links are all under, strange enough, Links .
Links are alphabetical.
Links are already in place between schools in Britain, Guyana, Cameroon and Malaysia.
Links are already in place to feed bichemical results as soon as they are available.
Links are also at the bottom of the page.
Links are also available alphabetically by country .
Links are also available alphabetically by subject .
Links are also available for faculty contact information and course descriptions.
Links are also available for online encyclopedias, dictionaries and other reference tools.
Links are also available for thousands of other collectible Olympic pins and sports pins.
Links are also available from the main issues page , or from each issues page, itself.
Links are also available here for news about presidential and other political issues.
Links are also available in the on-line help files under additional help resources or web support.
Links are also available list by educational level .
Links are also available on our home page and filing fees pages.
Links are also available on our main and college pages.
Links are also available to a library's holding at no additional charge.
Links are also available to addtional school, community, and regional resources.
Links are also available to course descriptions and the academic calendar.
Links are also available to international news, world organizations and governments.
Links are also available to local shopping deals and coupons.
Links are also available to local state employment offices.
Links are also available to locate people and e-mail.
Links are also available to other related onlne sources, plus an annotated bibliography.
Links are also available to purchase IP from providers or connect to an E-commerce site.
Links are also available to special meetings and archives.
Links are also available to the classified sections of legal regional Web sites.
Links are also available to thousands of other collectible olympic pins and sport s pins.
Links are also available.
Links are also avaliable for Australia and beyond.
Links are also important to hypertext technology.
Links are also in the process of being checked and updated.
Links are also in-line elements.
Links are also organized relative to specific branches of science such as chemistry and physics .
Links are also present to major local newspapers in that state.
Links are also present to submit book reviews and best bet sites.
Links are also slow when they lead to huge pages.
Links are also updated.
Links are also useful information for efficient crawling of high quality documents on the Web.
Links are also very useful.
Links are always a different colour than the text so that they stand out.
Links are always blue no matter whether original or recent.
Links are always encouraged and appreciated.
Links are always in color .
Links are always welcome.
Links are an assertion of a relationship between two resources.
Links are an eclectic mix of quite good and trivial.
Links are an extensive list of government and private sites on immigration.
Links are an important feature of a well developed website.
Links are an obvious solution.
Links are analogous to turning pages, but the design is different.
Links are another way female artists help other women.
Links are appropriate.
Links are as follows.
Links are at bottom of every page.
Links are at the bottom and the download,hummer,and adoption pages are below.
Links are at the bottom of the page.
Links are at the bottom.
Links are at the center of an electronic hypertextual writing and links introduce disjunction.
Links are at the top of the page linked above.
Links are automatic and all is right in the world.
Links are avaialble to all major academic institutions, professional associations and societies.
Links are available at the above Website for information and forms.
Links are available at the contractor area or product level.
Links are available below to go to their respective departmental webpages.
Links are available below.
Links are available directly to the multimedia file and to the Web page containing the file.
Links are available for both UK and the world.
Links are available for browsing through the best journals, both international and domestic.
Links are available for government offices and other sites.
Links are available for mathematics, science, social science, and other content areas.
Links are available for other cyberspace toxin lists also.
Links are available for participants to access internet resources.
Links are available for pet supplies and other dog information.
Links are available for publications, international labor standards, and human rights.
Links are available for reading of the entire new story.
Links are available for the three most recent reports.
Links are available for the TridiaVNC source code, as well as to other open source projects.
Links are available for their latest newsletters and e-mails, as well.
Links are available from our directory listing to the web sites of company members.
Links are available from our download page .
Links are available from the above page.
Links are available from there.
Links are available if underlined.
Links are available in both graphic and text forms.
Links are available on the following topics.
Links are available on the page as well.
Links are available on the search engine page for browsing through the site map.
Links are available on the website to the tested drivers, however.
Links are available throughout the site for stats, scores and standings.
Links are available to airline tickets, movies, TV programs and seemingly unlimited shopping.
Links are available to any commissary store in the system.
Links are available to audio material and text versions of pages.
Links are available to counties that have digital soil survey data available online.
Links are available to current and archived news releases and speeches .
Links are available to each campus.
Links are available to external ground water sites that are of interest to students.
Links are available to follow for further explanation.
Links are available to guide the student through weight management techniques and exercise plans.
Links are available to individual presidents.
Links are available to information on food labeling, diets and fast food.
Links are available to locate recent articles from participating news wire services.
Links are available to many church agencies and publications.
Links are available to many local and state government sites as well as private research sites.
Links are available to many other sites for Olympic news.
Links are available to many useful sites.
Links are available to other electronic publication Web sites.
Links are available to other natural resource or recreation-related Web sites.
Links are available to other related sites.
Links are available to other sites dealing with paleontology.
Links are available to other sites with in the network and other diseases of childhood.
Links are available to other speeches and papers about related subjects.
Links are available to other web sites offering water resources data.
Links are available to sites concerning other natural attractions in the Grand Canyon area.
Links are available to some syllabi.
Links are available to state agency web-sites, as well as to other research sources.
Links are available to the answers.
Links are available to the full text of articles in many citations.
Links are available to the various publishers' Web sites for more information or to order products.
Links are available when arrow icon changes.
Links are available within the document to navigate by major outline categories.
Links are available.
Links are avialable for courses where the call has gone out.
Links Are Back - another project that got bogged down was creating a database of our links.
Links are basically dependent on the flash movie loaded on the top frame.
Links are be meaningful and, generally, avoid click here statements.
Links are below containing directions for the debates, etc.
Links are below the banner.
Links are below the 'toon.
Links are below.
Links are better.
Links are blue and underlined .
Links are blue, and links are underlined.
Links are blue.
Links are both internal and external and they are identified by either a red or blue dot.
Links are both internal and external to the site.
Links are both national and international and include a category on the Olympics.
Links are by campus.
Links are by subject.
Links are by town.
Links are by way of banners or text.
Links are carefully choosen, so the content is approriate for small children.
Links are carefully chosen, so the content is appropriate for small children.
Links are case sensitive.
Links are certainly welcome and helpful.
Links are check.
Links are checked and updated every few weeks, so keep stopping by for something new.
Links are checked, programming is analyzed and tested and the site structure begins to take shape.
Links are circuits.
Links are clear and easily identifiable.
Links are clear and easily identified.
Links are clear and unambiguous, so if viewed out of context they remain meaningful.
Links are clearly identifiable.
Links are clickable areas within a page that are a gateway to other pages.
Links are clickable portions of text which allow navigation to a different page.
Links are clickable.
Links are clicking, scrolling is smooth, etc.
Links are color coded for easy identification.
Links are color coded.
Links are comprehensive and have superb annotations.
Links are comprehensive and the site is reliable.
Links are connection points to other servers, or media at the click of a button.
Links are connections to other parts of the site.
Links are connections to other places.
Links are connections to other Web pages.
Links are construction paper, blue, white, and gray.
Links are continually being added, so please check back frequently for new information.
Links are cross-indexed by subject, theme, and resource type.
Links are current and connections work.
Links are current as of date of posting.
Links are current.
Links are currently underway.
Links are date sensitive.
Links are differnt colors.
Links are difficult to distinguish against the color of a web page's background.
Links are direct from source citations to scholarly publications.
Links are directly to each page.
Links are divided according to their categories.
Links are divided country-wise.
Links are divided under few headlines, giving some impression about contents of a specific link.
Links are divides in cathegories to help the reader find the right site.
Links are dressy.
Links are easily accessible and function properly.
Links are easily visible and the use of colors is very good.
Links are easy and navigation is quick.
Links are easy to add and update, and all checked regularely.
Links are easy to create on a site.
Links are easy to find and easy to follow.
Links are easy to find and follow.
Links are easy to find as the mouse cursor usually changes shape from an arrow to a pointing finger.
Links are easy to find, and the content is well organized.
Links are easy to follow and give a wealth of information.
Links are easy to follow.
Links are easy to read and follow.
Links are easy to setup and their site is very easy to navigate.
Links are easy to use.
Links are easy, but useful links are hard.
Links are easy.
Links are either coloured text or icons.
Links are either government sites, briefings, and reports, hearings, etc.
Links are either pdf files or links to faculty websites.
Links are either to a web page or an email address.
Links are encouraged .
Links are encouraged.
Links are especially useful for financial managers.
Links are especially welcome for existing broadcasters currently without a hyperlink.
Links are especially welcome for major publishers currently without a hyperlink.
Links are everywhere to magazines, record labels, artist sites, parts sources and numerous photos.
Links are evident on the page by the underline or variation in color.
Links are excellent choices.
Links are excellent.
Links are extensive and a chat room is available.
Links are extensive and they are arranged by major time periods.
Links are extensive and well annotated, and the organization is clear.
Links are extensive.
Links are extensively cross-listed.
Links are fasteners.
Links are fine and informative if they are part of an informative posting.
Links are fine.
Links are for Allocine film and tv information.
Links are for both English or French versions.
Links are for convenience and informational purposes only.
Links are for dairy and beef cattle.
Links are for demonstration only.
Links are for demonstration purposes only.
Links are for information purposes only.
Links are for information purposes.
Links are for informational purposes only and no endorsement is implied.
Links are for informational purposes only.
Links are for outlines of lecture topics.
Links are for population and demography only.
Links are for quick information only.
Links are for reference only.
Links are for reference purposes only.
Links are for research, projects, organisations, general links, online journals.
Links are for sites which feature useful content and information for social studies educators.
Links are forthcoming.
Links are FREE .
Links are free and available through the link page.
Links are free but require review and approval by the founders.
Links are free for most retail, wholesale and manufacturing businesses.
Links are free for the asking.
Links are free to display advertisers for month of issue.
Links are free.
Links are from the most important fields.
Links are fun .
Links are generally beneficial to both linker and linkee.
Links are generally in no specific order, yet.
Links are generally recognizable by their color and by underlining.
Links are good too.
Links are good, quite useful, and generally appropriate to the topic.
Links are good.
Links are great for creating common menus.
Links are great, they can lead people to other informative sites.
Links are great, with weekly updates.
Links are great.
Links are green.
Links are heavy and well-made.
Links are helpful within sites, too.
Links are here .
Links are here for any versions of windows.
Links are here for online shopping and for exploring traditions of the Jewish Festival of Lights.
Links are here for the small and the large iso images.
Links are here provided to their places of origin.
Links are here today but gone tomorrow.
Links are here.
Links are highly selective.
Links are hot, some headlines appear bigger than text.
Links are how the Web gets built.
Links are hypermedia and therefore easy for young people to access.
Links are image intensive, please be patient.
Links are impossible to access.
Links are in a well-organized and readable sidebar on the left side of the page.
Links are in alphabetical order.
Links are in another color from the normal text on the page, typically blue.
Links are in approximate chronological order from oldest to most recent.
Links are in blue and are underlined.
Links are in blue and underlined.
Links are in blue.
Links are in bold face text.
Links are in both Spanish and English.
Links are in Chapter Numbers.
Links are in English and French.
Links are in English but text requires 'Japanese character set' .
Links are in light blue.
Links are in no particular order of preference.
Links are in no particular order.
Links are in place for pages that are completed.
Links are in purple .
Links are in random order under few titles.
Links are in red, visited links are in green.
Links are in small fonts and difficult to locate which leads to confusion.
Links are in the form of a U.S. map that lists the areas covered.
Links are in the main pages, decent desription and generally good.
Links are in the margin to the right.
Links are in the order in which they have been received.
Links are in the syllabus.
Links are in the table below.
Links are in two different forms.
Links are inactive.
Links are indefinitely flexible and can represent any data structure.
Links are information.
Links are informative and interesting.
Links are instances of associations.
Links are instruction.
Links are interactive, interesting sites.
Links are internal and external to the site.
Links are internal pointers that tie the information in their tables together hierarchically.
Links are internal to the site.
Links are intuitive, streamlined, and direct.
Links are just down below the thin white line.
Links are just that.
Links are just what they sound like, connections from one page to another.
Links are like filiments in a fabric.
Links are limited to state and government agencies, as well as news sources.
Links are linkages.
Links are links added in the last month.
Links are links.
Links are local.
Links are located in webpages.
Links are logical and direct.
Links are logical and easily followed.
Links are mainly from the generic drug name.
Links are mainly to additional online texts.
Links are mainly to English language sites.
Links are mainly to professional societies.
Links are merely references to other sites.
Links are more complete for some states than others.
Links are more likely to be current there.
Links are mostly internal pages of web sites .
Links are mostly to the front page of a web site.
Links are mundane.
Links are neither referrals nor endorsements of the linked entities.
Links are nicely categorized and several personal travelogues are listed here.
Links are no longer than four words.
Links are nodes.
Links are normally a different color then the rest of the page and most of the time are underlined.
Links are nothing more than connections to other locations on the Web anywhere in the world.
Links are now dark blue, bold text with no underline.
Links are now in place for some contests to more detailed information.
Links are now in place to make both directories easier and quicker to navigate.
Links are now neon green Visited links are darker green And active links are sky blue.
Links are now on a separate page.
Links are now on the Table of Contents Page .
Links are now on, too.
Links are now the distribution.
Links are numerous and interesting.
Links are of course completely free.
Links are of course much appreciated.
Links are of course one of the most powerful features of the web.
Links are often colored blue, but can be any color.
Links are often to full-text sources, reference tables, journals, preprints, etc.
Links are often to third party sites such as universities.
Links are ok if that is the intended purpose of the site.
Links are old but the general advice still holds.
Links are on of the most useful features that websites have over printed books.
Links are on our main commentary page.
Links are on the bottom of the respective pages.
Links are on the left.
Links are on the side of the page for each.
Links are on the side.
Links are on top of the page and more explanation of the pages are here and below.
Links are one of the great strengths of the Web.
Links are one of the most efficient.
Links are one of the most important parts of a web page.
Links are only active for subscribers.
Links are only active if solicitations are available.
Links are only as a convenience.
Links are only one level deep.
Links are only to browsers.
Links are open to opinions by web surfers, for other members in the community to see.
Links are optional paths embedded in the text.
Links are paper slips on which the child writes the title, author and reader's name.
Links are part of chain.
Links are partially active.
Links are particularly useful.
Links are password-protected.
Links are payble quarterly, and banners are monthly.
Links Are Permissable.
Links are placed on individual lines for ease of navigation, or a text index is offered.
Links are places in documents that contain information about related documents.
Links are pointers to other documents, or other places in the same document.
Links are pointers to other information related to a subject.
Links are portions of the Web page which act like channels to other pages and material.
Links are preliminary.
Links are present if the handout is available in electronic format.
Links are present on almost every page of the Internet.
Links are present only when they add something to the content.
Links are present, within the search page, to searching help.
Links are pretty meager at the moment.
Links are pretty useful.
Links are primarily in the Spanish language .
Links are primarily textual and therefore easy to identify and navigate.
Links are primarily to other Christian ministries that offer meaty and worthwhile spiritual foods.
Links are probably the most viewed area of the site.
Links are provide for commissions with home pages.
Links are provide to all of the state revenue departments and their downloadable forms, also.
Links are provide to web sources with additional information.
Links are provided for convenience only.
Links are provided to international laws, United States laws, and a law search engine is provided.
Links are quick and plentiful.
Links are real-time and are available only during public sessions .
Links are red .
Links are red, visited links are white but turn green when first clicked.
Links are red, visited links are white but turn green when first selected.
Links are references, or footnotes, they're short cuts.
Links are regularly updated so please review the sites then comments or suggestions.
Links are regularly updated.
Links are related documents.
Links are relationships and wires.
Links are relevant and appropriate.
Links are removable for a custom fit.
Links are repetitive and often unrelated to the events to which they are connected.
Links are representational constructs of entities that relate other entities.
Links are roughly in alphabetical order.
Links are searchable by keyword and location.
Links are selective rather than comprehensive.
Links are set up so people can easily find the information they want.
Links are setup as a table.
Links are shortcuts to information.
Links are similar to calendar sets, but allow a more granular selection of events to overlay.
Links are simple enough.
Links are simple to learn and implement on a basic page.
Links are simply and clearly annotated, and the site is easy to navigate.
Links are simply links to travel related websites for our town.
Links are simply physical or logical connections between nodes.
Links are simply transmission media through which messages travel.
Links are sites where the zoo can be emailed.
Links are situations.
Links are software.
Links are sometimes inappropriate.
Links are sourced and indexed only.
Links are specific, named representations of relationships.
Links are structured connections between nodes.
Links are subject to expire without notice .
Links are subscriber areas requiring a password.
Links are substantial.
Links are the connections between hypertext pages and what makes hypertext hyper.
Links are the culprits of many of the problems related to the scope of a student's project.
Links are the functional heart of the Web.
Links are the glue behind the Web.
Links are the glue that connect pages on the Web, and they re vital for navigation.
Links are the glue that holds the web together.
Links are the heart and soul of the Internet.
Links are the heart of a Web page.
Links are the highlighted areas of text in the document itself.
Links are the key to the internet.
Links are the key, but finding the right ones take time.
Links are the life blood of the Internet.
Links are the main avenue of navigation through a website.
Links are the most interesting feature, with quite exhaustive list and well-organized presentation.
Links are the other fundamental units of data submodel.
Links are the perfect fit for riders with smaller to average size feet.
Links are the preferred method.
Links are the relationships, the connections between nodes.
Links are the road signs of the Internet.
Links are the same as on the home page.
Links are the small brooks extending ponds to the ocean.
Links are the symbol for sacredness in profane space.
Links are the thread that hold eveything together.
Links are the underlined colored words, or images, or areas on the page.
Links are the web.
Links are the Web's most intimate power, as well as being the foundation upon which sites are built.
Links are then available for some full-text documents.
Links are then available to step through all adjacent records in the database in sorted order.
Links are then available to view the maps individually or as a loop.
Links are there as useful resources for hotel managers.
Links are there for informational purposes only.
Links are timely, or at least relatively so considering the fluid nature of the world wide web.
Links are to .jpg photographs.
Links are to a map of each location.
Links are to a page with a list of area codes and their geographical significance.
Links are to a page with geographical and historical details about the country's time zones.
Links are to a variety of external sources and are updated each weekday.
Links are to abstracts unless otherwise noted.
Links are to abstracts.
Links are to anchors on the same page.
Links are to approx half size jpeg images - please preview.
Links are to be accessed at the user's own risk.
Links are to be monitored, with non-functioning links removed or repaired regularly.
Links are to biographical information where possible.
Links are to biographical information, criticisms or on-line texts of the poet's work.
Links are to course descriptions.
Links are to course web page.
Links are to current missions, past missions, and mission overviews.
Links are to each speaker's individual, departmental, and university pages.
Links are to electronic copies of talks.
Links are to electronic texts and sources.
Links are to English and non-English language sites.
Links are to English and vernacular language sites.
Links are to event sponsor's Web sites for more info.
Links are to external or internal pages.
Links are to faculty home pages.
Links are to family group sheets.
Links are to free services only.
Links are to fulltext and the main site of the journal.
Links are to full-text issues of the publication, unless stated.
Links are to HTML files unless otherwise noted.
Links are to images of each document.
Links are to institute and personal home pages.
Links are to jpeg photographs.
Links are to locally created resources as well as to the Web.
Links are to main set, scroll to see all six plaques.
Links are to mineral photos.
Links are to missing pages or old ones.
Links are to motherboard drawings with further technical details.
Links are to notices for up-coming races.
Links are to official company web pages.
Links are to official police agencies and sites related to law enforcement.
Links are to online indices of the records.
Links are to other sites on cell cycle as well as to movies on cell cycle and mitosis.
Links are to our most recent syllabi.
Links are to pages which give detailed descriptions, ordering information, etc.
Links are to paperback editions wherever possible.
Links are to pdf files.
Links are to photos.
Links are to pictures at or near the given stations.
Links are to plots of the data from the various groups.
Links are to primary and secondary sources.
Links are to program web sites.
Links are to quality sites.
Links are to recorded examples.
Links are to relevant subject-related Web sites.
Links are to sample lists of a small part of the stock.
Links are to settled targets, with warnings if downloading requirements are heavy.
Links are to sites and nodes.
Links are to sites in California.
Links are to stories in which the person named is a central figure.
Links are to the .pdf version of the documents.
Links are to the abstracts of the talks given in Sydney.
Links are to the division offering the procedure or to pages with additional information.
Links are to the earliest available family member in Albany.
Links are to the east.
Links are to the european sites where available.
Links are to the exact location of the publication whenever possible.
Links are to the full or abstracted texts of the deeds.
Links are to the instructors' course home pages.
Links are to the left hand side.
Links are to the left.
Links are to the maps of the parks and greenbelts and the metadata information.
Links are to the most current syllabus for that particular course.
Links are to the most relevant sites suitable to biomedical researchers.
Links are to the online catalog description of each class.
Links are to the organization that developed the standard or corporation that owns the patent.
Links are to the organization website when it is available.
Links are to the recipient's acceptance speech.
Links are to the right and at the bottom in blue.
Links are to the right of fields.
Links are to the right of the products below.
Links are to the statistical report page for the selected word.
Links are to the Web sites of community-based organizations in New York City.
Links are to their election coverage, if present.
Links are to their e-mail addresses.
Links are to their personal web sites.
Links are to to sites in the vernacular as well as English language.
Links are to web pages or .pdf files.
Links are today only activated to the revised documents.
Links are traditionally blue but other colours are possible.
Links are transmission media through which messages travel.
Links are typically appear as highlighted or colored text when displayed in Web clients.
Links are typically in a different color type and underscored.
Links are typically in the form of banner ads or sent in e-mails.
Links are unannotated but numerous.
Links are under construction.
Links are under each research group's homepage.
Links are under the dividing line on the left side.
Links are underlined, so they are clear to a visitor.
Links are unsatisfied .
Links are up and active, with more to be added.
Links are up to date.
Links are updated periodically, so check back from time to time.
Links are updated regularly, so check back occasionally to see if there's something new.
Links are updated weekly and dead links removed.
Links are updated weekly and the information in their database is downloadable.
Links are updated weekly basis.
Links are updated weekly.
Links are updated, and new material is added regularly.
Links are updates weekly.
Links are used for connections.
Links are used for joins.
Links are useful links.
Links are useful tools to connect with the online world at large.
Links are usually a special color and are underlined.
Links are usually appear represented as icons in the window.
Links are usually blue and underlined .
Links are usually blue or are otherwise highlighted.
Links are usually differently colored, underlined text .
Links are usually in blue or are otherwise highlighted.
Links are usually in blue type and are underlined.
Links are usually organizations, conventions, reports or other searches.
Links are usually to full-text sources, journals, and information directories.
Links are usually underlined words or phrases, often a different color than the main text.
Links are usually underlined words, though sometimes pictures can be links as well.
Links are valid.
Links are vehicles that lead to additional information regarding specified subject matter.
Links are very dynamic and are constantly changing.
Links are very good.
Links are very helpful for students, parents, and teachers.
Links are very helpful.
Links are visible as lines of red text in the syllabus.
Links are VSO related.
Links are welcome from related sites.
Links are welcome on the site when providing such information is a service to our members.
Links are welcome.
Links are well annotated and carefully chosen.
Links are well annotated.
Links are well commented.
Links are well defined and easily followed from all pages.
Links are well divided into categories.
Links are well organized and annotated.
Links are well-organized and briefly annotated.
Links are what make an HTML page be more than just a text document.
Links are what make the Internet a web.
Links are what make the Web a web.
Links are what make the Web so interconnected and easy to navigate and explore.
Links are what make the Web so versatile.
Links are what makes surfing the Internet possible.
Links are what makes the Web the Web .
Links are what people click on to go to other pages or even to other sites.
Links are within Australia.
Links are words that are generally a different color and are usually underlined.
Links are words, usually displayed in a highlighted color or with an underline.
Links are yellow underlined text.
Links are yet to be done.
Links are, however, a bit confusing at first.
Links are, to a degree, subdivided by topic to aid use.
Links are, what else, self explanatory.
Links assert relationships.
Links associate tasks to events.
Links associated with each project provides a full project description with a contact person.
Links associated with instructor names below are to their home pages.
Links attach to car seat, high chair, or stroller.
Links back are mandatory.
Links back are preferred.
Links become broken.
Links become necessary.
Links become outdated or disappear.
Links become stale.
Links Below are a few of the many links to other law related sights.
Links Below are a number of links to health and safety related websites.
Links Below are descriptions of fictitious students.
Links below are for information only.
Links below are for specific graduate programs.
Links Below are links to sites of similar interest.
Links Below are links to sites on the Web with links to other comet information.
Links Below are links to some of our valued customers and friends.
Links Below are links to the home pages of various family and friends and other interesting links.
Links below are lists of descriptions of opportunities.
Links Below are several links that lead to interesting content in regard of the breed.
Links Below are some links to other sites of interest.
Links Below are some links to popular bowling sites.
Links Below are some links to some of our favorite web sites.
Links Below are some links to to websites that are telecomunications related.
Links Below are some of the links that have been recommended by AWS members.
Links below are some of their sub-pages and links.
Links Below are some suggested links for further information on the climate change issue.
Links Below are some useful links relating to government reporting .
Links Below are some useful links to centers and institutes.
Links Below are some useful links to other sites on the internet.
Links Below are some useful links.
Links below are to annual reports evaluating the implementation of the earlier plan.
Links below are to contract pages, where available.
Links below are to individual pages to view, print, or download.
Links below are to local history resources online.
Links below are to maps showing monthly hurricane odds in the Atlantic Basin.
Links below are to real sports books.
Links below are to selected third party pages with information regarding the composer.
Links below are to the hypertext documents which served as the core of the original edition.
Links below are two information pamphlets intended for distribution to elementary schools.
Links below go to our affiliate program site.
Links below go to our international calls services.
Links below go to our international carriers and cheap phone calls services.
Links below go to our internet phone calls and free PC to phone voip systems.
Links below go to the Active international prepaid phone card resource.
Links below go to the professors' home pages.
Links Below is a free for all list of links.
Links Below is a list of links relating to sauna, wine or other related items.
Links Below is a list of links to extremely necessary resources.
Links Below is a list of links to other pages.
Links Below is a list of target archery sites.
Links Below is a list of useful links divided into four categories for ease of reference.
Links Below is a list of useful links.
Links Below is a selection of links to UK based organisations.
Links Below is a selection of the region's web sites.
Links Below is an index of links to cardiological and cardiovascular-related sites on the Web.
Links below provide a sense of current drought conditions in Pakistan.
Links below provide more detailed information about individual events.
Links below tell something of the Cyborganic story.
Links benefit everyone, protectionism noone.
Links boost the placement of the ranking.
Links break all the time.
Links break up the experience of scanning a page and tempt the visitor to surf onto another site.
Links break, linked sites go out of business, buttons fail, things happen.
Links bronnen en bibliografie verantwoording en oproep .
Links Browse our links to other great sites.
Links Call for an appointment.
Links calls with client files.
Links can actually limit the directions that a reader can take.
Links can also activate a search, or do many other things.
Links can also be an image or even a portion of an image.
Links can also be buttons or images on a page.
Links can also be images.
Links can also be links to locations in a page.
Links can also be parts of pictures.
Links can also be pictures.
Links can also connect specific words, phrases, and pictures within writing spaces.
Links can also connect to other sites on the internet.
Links can also connect to sound clips, movie clips, downloadable files, and executable programs.
Links can also distract.
Links can also find weather for any city in U.S., also cities around the world.
Links can also form the meta-language of a piece.
Links can also lead to unending aggravation.
Links can appear as buttons or they can be embedded in graphic images.
Links can appear as highlighted words, images and buttons on a Web page.
Links can appear in only one category.
Links can appear in several forms such as icons, pictures, and most commonly words.
Links can be across machines.
Links can be active as well as linked or visited.
Links can be an integral part of screen designs.
Links can be any color.
Links can be banners or text.
Links can be basic text or graphic images.
Links can be behind some text, underlined text, pictures, etc.
Links can be between completely different places.
Links can be buttons, icons, or text.
Links can be crucial in achieving good exposure.
Links can be different font sizes.
Links can be either text or graphics.
Links can be external or internal.
Links can be highlighted words, pictures, or even numbers.
Links can be images or text which points to another webpage.
Links can be images or words.
Links can be in text form or images.
Links can be in the form of a small banner, button or text.
Links can be in the form of an image or text.
Links can be in the form of images or text.
Links can be in the form of text, tiles or banners, which are available in a range of sizes.
Links can be indirect.
Links can be internal to the document or they link to outside sites.
Links can be of any variety including text, buttons, or banners.
Links can be one-way or allow travel in both directions.
Links can be plain text or images.
Links can be text or graphic.
Links can be text or graphics and can occur anywhere on a page.
Links can be text or graphics, and can connect to other text, graphics, animation, or sound.
Links can be text or graphics.
Links can be text or images, and can be anywhere on a page.
Links can be text or images.
Links can be text, in which case they usually appear as colored, underlined words or phrases.
Links can be text, or they can be graphics.
Links can be text, pictures or other graphics.
Links can be to a site or to an E-mail address.
Links can be to another part of the parent document.
Links can be to any URL on the Web.
Links can be to other resources on the Internet or within a Web page or Web site.
Links can be very hard to keep up with.
Links can be very useful.
Links can be words or phrases of text, or even images.
Links can be words, or images and can open web pages on any web site anywhere in the world.
Links can become inactive.
Links can change color during the animation.
Links can change frequently.
Links can change without notice, and newer resources appear on a day to day basis.
Links can change without notice.
Links can connect different web sites on different servers.
Links can connect entire writing spaces or specific sections within a space.
Links can connect to any page on any server in the world.
Links can direct a potential browser or buyer from one web page to another.
Links can display tables and it also partially display frames.
Links can disrupt the flow of the text.
Links can either be text or images .
Links can either be text or images.
Links can even help in management and maintenance of large collections.
Links can even send readers to password-protected areas .
Links can exist, allowing people to move back and forth between virtual worlds and the Web.
Links can function similarly to footnotes.
Links can go backwards and forwards within the site or to relevant points outside.
Links can go down, and computers can hang or crash.
Links can go to more detailed information, related information, references.
Links can go to other documents or material anywhere on the Internet.
Links can go to specific products, to product categories, and to the shopper s welcome page.
Links can have up to two brothers and three descendants.
Links can include author, series, and subject.
Links can jump to anchors on the same page as the link itself or to anchors on other Web pages.
Links can lead to long gone sites or sites that have moved.
Links can lead to other web sites or to different pages on the same web site.
Links can only exist as a connection between two nodes.
Links can point to any page on our site - or even another site.
Links can point to content with varying degrees of relevance to the original topic.
Links can point to nonexistent or inaccessible destinations.
Links can point to the homepage, content categories, or directly to individual products.
Links can provide resources for teachers who are teaching their students how to use the Web.
Links can represent different processes of contaminant transfer, depending on the context.
Links can surround text, pictures, or any complex region.
Links can take many forms.
Links can take on a whole new look and feel.
Links can then point to the named sections.
Links can use relative paths or absolute paths.
Links carry the curious deeper into the web site for more detailed information.
Links change colors when they have been visited.
Links change constantly.
Links change continously.
Links change frequently.
Links change quickly, and it's difficult to keep a link directory up to date.
Links change so quickly that none are posted here.
Links Changes the color of the hyperlinks.
Links Check back soon.
Links Check our extensive listing of substance abuse training resources on the web.
Links Check out automobile related links and websites.
Links Check out links to related sites, below.
Links Check out other cool sites on the web.
Links Check out other great sites.
Links Check out other nuclear related sites.
Links Check out other sites in the food industry.
Links Check out other useful sites.
Links Check out other web sites with information about Victoria.
Links Check out our collection of invaluable links.
Links Check out our collection of the best e-commerce sites on the Web.
Links Check out our favorite scouting web sites in the Links section.
Links Check out our friends on the web, click on the links below.
Links Check out our guide to useful pet links on the web.
Links Check out our library of industry related links.
Links Check out our links page to find internet connections to many philosophy web sites.
Links Check out our links section.
Links Check out our list of gnutella resources.
Links Check out our list of links.
Links Check out our list of other great comedy sites.
Links Check out our selection of marine-related links.
Links Check out our useful links to organizations and resources for the social services sector.
Links Check out some interesting links relating to TV and Radio production.
Links Check out some of our favorites.
Links Check out some of our selected on line resources.
Links Check out some other cool places on the web.
Links Check out some other great golf websites.
Links Check out some other great informative sites.
Links Check out some other interesting sights online.
Links Check out some other sites.
Links Check out the activities of other professional development organizations in the Links section.
Links Check out the best security related links on the Internet.
Links Check out the Bulls list of recommended baseball related links .
Links Check out the following links for a tour of some of our best heritage sites.
Links Check out the following links.
Links Check out the hottest amateur sex on the Net.
Links Check out the links for other great sites to visit.
Links Check out the links to our international partners and friends.
Links Check out the rosters and schedules.
Links Check out the sites that Subversion visits regularly.
Links Check out the trips page.
Links Check out the websites listed below.
Links Check out the winning numbers here.
Links Check out what Diplomacy on the net has to offer.
Links Check out what other people have been up to on their web sites.
Links Check that links are relevant and appropriate.
Links Checkout our biker friendly links.
Links Classifieds Click HERE to place or read classified advertising.
Links Click a country and go to links for that country.
Links Click a link on the navigation bar below to tour our site.
Links Click above for links to selected sites of relevance.
Links Click above to get our free bumpersticker.
Links click above to register.
Links Click any photograph to view enlarged version.
Links Click below to link to other internet sites of interest to the Jewish community.
Links click directly to cruise company websites.
Links Click for larger image.
Links click HERE .
Links Click here for a comparison of wedding-insurance rates from a sampling of providers.
Links Click here for a listing of local organizations that the Chapter recommends as a resource.
Links Click here for an extensive list of movie cliches.
Links Click here for important links.
Links Click here for no frames.
Links Click here for related links.
Links Click here for the course links.
Links Click Here to learn more.
Links Click on a category below for a list of links to other sites related to Vermont history.
Links Click on a company logo to visit their website.
Links Click on a picture to see a larger image.
Links Click on a region to view more information.
Links Click on a thumbnail for a larger image.
Links Click on a web address to display a new site.
Links Click on an image below to jump to that product page.
Links Click on any image below to see a larger image.
Links Click on any image to see a larger version.
Links Click on any of the links below to see other area websites, activities and resources.
Links Click on buttons below for more information.
Links Click on each link below to visit the manufacturer's web site.
Links Click on images for detailed views and image information.
Links Click on the following categories to access various links.
Links Click on the graphics to go to the links.
Links Click on the images below to see an enlarged version.
Links Click on the links below to download software upgrades or to visit other film related sites.
Links Click on the links below.
Links Click on the underlined links to see pages with photos of students and their work.
Links Click the Bible for link.
Links Click the image to enter each site.
Links Click the pic below to check out some wild bikes.
Links Click the Raider to return to the main menu.
Links Click the set to check out our prices.
Links Click to check out related web sites that deal with classroom acoustics .
Links Click to find out information about other aquatic organizations.
Links Click to see our video Get deeper into the Global Village.
Links come and go, and volumes shut down over a period of seconds, even minutes.
Links come and go.
Links Come back soon for some of our favorite links.
Links Come browse through our cooking tips, tricks and techniques.
Links Come cruise the medical web.
Links Come on.
Links Come see the best free sexmovie download or sex position the lolita free sex that lolita sex.
Links come with brief descriptions, sometimes indicating the company is a manufacturer.
Links Commuting by bicycle has many advantages.
Links connect items mentioned in the calendar to the page describing the event.
Links connect nodes, and nodes connect links.
Links connect pages, but pages are secondary to domains according to our choice above.
Links connect places within a document to other places within the document.
Links connect separate documents by their Internet address.
Links connect the nodes.
Links connect things.
Links connect to appropriate places in our comprehensive grammar.
Links connect to articles, papers, charts and tables.
Links connect to cancer listservs and gophers as well as to regional support groups.
Links connect to essays that explore the individual triads in greater detail.
Links connect to math and counting activities.
Links connect to membership information and meeting dates.
Links connect to some more detailed description where available.
Links connect to support pages provided by the software vendor.
Links connect to their personal pages if available.
Links connect to town profiles.
Links connect visitors to multiple polio and post-polio support groups.
Links Connect with useful government, legal and technology sites.
Links consist of highlighted words, underlined text or icons.
Links contain information on topics such as business, culture, statistics and more.
Links contain information ranging from general interests to scientific data.
Links contain nudity.
Links contain pointers to vital documents and other resources of interest here.
Links contain sex and discretion is advised.
Links contain sex and viewer discretion is advised.
Links contains a list of general links to useful sites.
Links contains a number of links that can be grouped into categories.
Links contains commented hyperlinks to other websites with related topics.
Links contains connections to a number of other fertilizer related companies and agencies.
Links contains cool links to other robot pages, projects, classes, and similar sites.
Links contains some useful links to the Web.
Links Contains useful links and search engine tips.
Links continues the connection to regional and international greyhound adoption groups.
Links coursework to real world experience, career exploration and employment.
Links cover all manner of related socially conscious sites.
Links cover all subjects.
Links cover an eclectic list of topics.
Links cover general topics, history of mathematics, geometry, fractals, and software.
Links cover many different job titles, specializations and geographical regions.
Links cover popular topics of interest to students and the general public.
Links cover psychology and mental health .
Links create argument structures while nodes can contain complete, but related, stories.
Links Crossroads Hundreds of links.
Links dance to contemporary political and social issues.
Links deal language education, grammar, and literature.
Links degrade .
Links demonstrate the interconnectedness of concepts and institutions.
Links desarrollo sostenible .
Links describe associations.
Links describing major and minor programs are to the online course catalog.
Links determine how two query elements are related.
Links dildo dolls adult.film.database Parents.
Links display in color and are underlined.
Links divert attention.
Links do appear thoughout our web site.
Links do exist between fish and other forms-that's right.
Links do the job.
Links donor intents to student recipients.
Links draw the users eye to the navigable sections of the page.
Links Elsewhere Click here for the latest update.
Links emphasize new ways of thinking about compensation and benefits.
Links emphasize new ways of thinking about compensation.
Links enable users to jump directly from one document to another.
Links enable viewers to jump to other websites simply by clicking on the underlined text.
Links encode distances between pairs of concepts.
Links endure over time, regardless of positioning by search engines.
Links Enjoy our growing collection of tugboat related and New Hampshire seacoast area links.
Links enjoy speed links.
Links Enter all relevant links here . . .
Links Enter U.S. zipcode or city, state.
Links establish relationships between nodes of information in a hypertext.
Links ettach 's web site contains links to other sites.
Links Ever wonder if a favorite celebrity has died or is still alive.
Links exist between windows to facilitate moving from one to another.
Links exist for help for each page of the form and for each parameter to be entered.
Links exist off the department home page to course offerings one semester in advance.
Links exist to library catalogues where they are available.
Links exist to medical journal sites and the sites of associations and advocacy groups.
Links exist, preying on humanity, and for some reason, like to inhabit Chicago.
Links Experience the traditions of the past reflected in the present.
Links expire after a period of one year.
Links explain names of gods.
Links explains hyper-linking and images.
Links Explore other relevant web sites.
Links Explore our links to sites with related subjects.
Links Explore our resources and links for professionals in publishing and Web-related areas.
Links express the journey theme as it moves from event to event in our lives.
Links extend to interests beyond genealogy, such as folklore, crafts and dancing.
Links facilitate flows.
Links fail for many reasons.
Links fail from time to time.
Links Feel free to browse.
Links Feel free to surf the Internet, visit the following web sites that are related.
Links Find additional information with our helpful links.
Links Find books, videos, CD-ROMs, equipment, publishers, currencies and more.
Links Find collector vehicle links quickly by browsing the categories below.
Links Find Internet links to other planning organizations on the web.
Links Find links to related websites.
Links Find links to sites of interest.
Links Find many great Irish sites here.
Links Find many links to other valuable resources on the net on our links page.
Links Find more information about lung disease and other organizations dedicated to fighting it.
Links Find more literary and creative sites in our links section.
Links Find other great backgammon sites to visit.
Links Find other sources of facts and information about underage drinking.
Links Find out about the latest dental industry trends.
Links Find out more about our beautiful tropical island of Guam.
Links Find out more about owl pellets here .
Links Find out more information about other divorce professionals in our Links section.
Links Find out the trail conditions of other counties and areas in Wisconsin and other links.
Links Find out what all the good horse related web sites are.
Links Find people.
Links Find recreational vehicle links quickly by browsing the categories below.
Links Find the links to the web sites of the most important sources.
Links Find truck links quickly by browsing the categories below.
Links Finding good information on the Internet can be difficult.
Links flexify - Bend spherical panoramas into vertiginous new shapes.
Links focus on software for health, education and sports and fitness.
Links focus upon web page development and computer resources.
Links Follow our links .
Links Follow the links below to visit other great sites on the web.
Links follow to show the source.
Links Following are just a sample of links.
Links Following are useful links to other sites.
Links Following is a list of links to other interesting sites.
Links Following is a list of sites about various aspects of philanthropy.
Links Following is a list of usefull links.
Links formed between syntactic labels constitute partial trees, usually around verbal nuclei.
Links fosters our connection with other sites along the parenting path .
Links further allow the investor to build a profile.
Links gathers pointers to other sites of interest.
Links Get contacts to useful sites.
Links Get helpful information from our links page.
Links Get information about artists throughout history.
Links Get links to other pages on the internet.
Links get out of date.
Links Get ready for the rounds of tests with a test preparation page.
Links Get valuable information about our partners, as well as information technology and education.
Links give examples of how to use the section of the Internet being explained.
Links give further details.
Links give hypertexts their flex, enabling readers to follow their preferred paths through articles.
Links give the reader something to do when they're done.
Links go all over the place in all art- related fields.
Links go all over the place in all art-related fields.
Links go bad frequently and email addresses even more often.
Links go bad frequently.
Links go bad quickly.
Links go directly to the Art 'headquarters' for that nation.
Links go down all the time and packets have to be re-routed, which happens automatically.
Links go from element to named element, and from entity to entity.
Links go from most recent backwards.
Links Go here to access links to several sites related to molecular biology.
Links Go here to find links to help stay informed in the local community.
Links Go here to find links to other anti-virus resources available on the Internet.
Links go here.
Links go leor.
Links go out of date quickly.
Links go right out onto the Internet.
Links go screwy.
Links go stale.
Links go to abstracts, papers, information about authors, etc.
Links go to additional pages with pictures of the buildings.
Links go to agency sites where full-text articles are located.
Links go to company home pages.
Links go to dance descriptions.
Links go to either the merchant's relevant site category or exact item page.
Links go to faculty research descriptions.
Links go to general websites only.
Links go to graphs showing regional disposal patterns.
Links Go to links index.
Links go to midi sites and joke sites.
Links go to other information about services.
Links Go to other scouting sites.
Links Go to other technical and compliance assistance resources.
Links go to other web sites that have detailed information.
Links go to outside web sites.
Links go to people, clothing, jobs, politics, etc. with examples and information for each subject.
Links Go to project related web sites.
Links go to related topics.
Links go to research labs and to commercial sites.
Links go to specific discussion.
Links go to the correct location.
Links go to the descriptive summary browse pages for the data sets.
Links go to the original IS generated page for comparison purposes.
Links go to the top of a particular article or column.
Links go to the update file or the information page if no update is available.
Links go to the year in which the event occurred.
Links Go to top.
Links go to tracklists and descriptions.
Links go to web pages of publishers or booksellers that carry the book concerned.
Links going out can build value.
Links Got a question or comment just click below.
Links graduate students with companies with specific needs.
Links Grouped by category, here are a few links related to our sites.
Links has a bunch of gaming-related links and a load more misc. links.
Links has a list of some of the more informative and interesting Web authoring sites.
Links has connections to denominational and interdenominational Christian resources and information.
Links has information on cruising, destinations, and playing poker.
Links has levels of customizations.
Links has links to a bunch of related sites.
Links has links to our associates.
Links has lists of the best sites on the web in eight categories, updated weekly.
Links Have a look through our guide to the best property-related websites.
Links have a measure of the 'length' associated with their traversal.
Links have a more scholarly focus.
Links have a source anchor which appears as an icon, but no destination anchor.
Links have a special colour.
Links have a textured design.
Links have a title, which describes the link.
Links have annotations describing their usefulness.
Links have as their destination anchors which in turn have nodes as their destination.
Links have attributes which can be modified with the examine tool.
Links have brief descriptions and complete reviews.
Links have brief, succinct annotations.
Links have descriptions and are rated by visitor counts.
Links have pictures and animations.
Links have several different features.
Links have several functions.
Links have short annotations.
Links have to be descriptive.
Links have to be downloaded one component at a time.
Links have to be on the page where graphics have been used except in the case of banners.
Links have upto date data with applicable graphics.
Links have various status'.
Links have yet to be listed.
Links have yet to be sorted and annotated.
Links Having a computer at home can save many parents and teenagers a lot of stress and grief.
Links help connect christians.
Links help teaches find other resources on the Web.
Links help the reader navigate through it, and find the documentation for a certain piece of code.
Links help the uninitiated get with the program, literally.
Links helps students develop critical thinking skills.
Links Here are a few internet links of interest.
Links Here are a few links into the worlds of metaphor and cognitive science.
Links Here are a few links to related sites.
Links Here are a few links to some fine model railroad sites.
Links Here are a few of our favorite links .
Links Here are a few of our favorite links to web sites.
Links Here are a few of the best web sites on eating disorders.
Links Here are a few other websites that contain help tips for the math classroom.
Links Here are a wide range of links to other places on the internet that are music related.
Links here are general and can suit all audiences.
Links Here are links to other collectors's sites.
Links Here are links to other sites of interest that relate to handicaps.
Links Here are links to other sites.
Links Here are links to other websites.
Links Here are links to our most requested documents.
Links Here are links to some area organizations that are active in public service events.
Links Here are links to some of our fan pages.
Links Here are links to some of our favorite freethought sites.
Links Here are links to some of our favorite movie Web sites.
Links Here are links to some of our favorite sites.
Links Here are links to the seven colleges of podiatric medicine.
Links Here are links to the sponsors and other triathlon related sites.
Links Here are links to various websites on the net.
Links Here are loads of links to web resources and other people's homepages.
Links here are now a limited list of e-mail addresses.
Links here are now mainly relevant only for the wryd cluster.
Links Here are our links in no particular order.
Links Here are some comments from some of our satisfied customers.
Links Here are some excellent Catholic resources on the Internet.
Links Here are some excellent complimentary UK sites.
Links Here are some good links.
Links Here are some great food sites on the Web.
Links Here are some great links to other sites of interest.
Links Here are some great places to shop and browse.
Links Here are some great resources for planning a trip to Jamaica.
Links Here are some handy links to other areas in the State of Maine's cyberspace.
Links Here are some helpful links to find additional information.
Links Here are some important community media-related links.
Links Here are some important links every Northeastern prospective student needs to know about.
Links Here are some interesting Links .
Links Here are some interesting links to other sites.
Links Here are some interesting links.
Links Here are some interesting Links.
Links Here are some interesting places to visit.
Links Here are some links including and in addition to the ones located on the sidebar.
Links Here are some links of interest.
Links Here are some links related to allergies and asthma.
Links Here are some links related to Israel .
Links Here are some links to local church web-sites and some other stuff.
Links Here are some links to neat web resources.
Links Here are some links to other environmental groups.
Links Here are some links to other film collecting and movie sites.
Links Here are some links to other French language instruction material on the web.
Links Here are some links to other holiday related sites.
Links Here are some links to other language instruction material on the web.
Links Here are some links to other regional clubs, and other interesting sites.
Links Here are some links to other Russian language instruction material on the web.
Links Here are some links to other school related sites.
Links Here are some links to other square dance related sites.
Links Here are some links to other Swedish language instruction material on the web.
Links Here are some links to page that contain scripts.
Links Here are some links to related websites.
Links Here are some links to reliable fitness, health and nutrition sites.
Links Here are some links to religion-related pages, arranged by subject.
LInks Here are some links to scientific pages on the Internet.
Links Here are some links to sites that have important information on animals.
Links Here are some links to some great web sites.
Links Here are some links to some intresting stuff on the web.
Links Here are some links to some really interesting web sites.
Links Here are some links to venues, performers, and other sites of interest.
Links Here are some links.
Links Here are some midterm review questions and past midterm questions.
Links Here are some more web resources on horror.
Links Here are some news articles from Wired giving more information about the whole issue.
Links Here are some of our favorite Internet sites.
Links Here are some of our favorite links to other web sites.
Links Here are some of our favorite links.
Links Here are some of our favourite links to sites within the sailing community.
Links Here are some of our related links.
Links Here are some other interesting and useful caving links.
Links Here are some other links to sites that are of interest to artists and collectors.
Links Here are some other web sites of interest.
Links Here are some other websites to visit.
Links Here are some sites of interest.
Links Here are some twenty more Bridge links.
Links Here are some useful links providing information on the Olympic Winter Games.
Links Here are some Web sites of interest.
Links Here are some website links related to the ergonomics and human factors.
Links here are to a variety of other sites at the campuses and in the community.
Links here connect to the institution's home page.
Links here consist of educational or commercial websites.
Links Here is a big collection of other Visual Basic sites.
Links Here is a brief selection of some of our favorite internet sites.
Links Here is a bunch of links to interesting sites.
Links Here is a collection of links to other web locations.
Links Here is a company that designs timber bridges.
Links Here is a directory of links to other internet sources of psychological information.
Links Here is a list of links to other pages.
Links Here is a list of links to related web sites.
Links Here is a list of other essay sites.
Links Here is a list of our favorite links.
Links Here is a list of sites that have been designed by the antfarm, our interactive division.
Links Here is a list of some interesting sites.
Links Here is a list of some of our favorite links to web sites that discuss homelessness.
Links Here is a list of some of the best web sites on the internet.
Links Here is a list of useful and informative links.
Links Here is a selection of Web sites and newsgroups whose interests' center on animals.
Links Here is a selection of websites dedicated to lace.
Links Here is an article regarding the current status of the school.
Links Here is an excellent URL for a peregrine falcon webcam.
Links Here is our fine collection of links to other essay sites and so.
Links Here is some car stuff links.
Links Here is the place to start exploring the net.
Links here lead to descriptions of the articles where the code appeared.
Links here lead to sites owned and operated by many other sources and companies.
Links here point to resources for understanding the physical and chemical nature of soils.
Links here provide extended coverage of contemporary issues.
Links here range from straight and classic cyberpunk to bizarre science fantasy medleys.
Links here represent operational areas.
Links hits on a map to documents.
Links identified by the garden's nursery are also available .
Links identifiziert werden.
Links Identify less hazardous substitute chemicals.
Links IEN websites contain links to other sites.
Links immediately take a reader to a reference when it is mentioned or to a figure.
Links implement the directed interconnections between nodes.
Links imply strong relationships while clusters allow for looser conglomerates.
Links Includes a listing of all sponsoring companies previously found on other pages.
Links includes artists, live music and radio stations.
Links includes distributors, interior finishes, interior floors, wood and plastic, interior walls.
Links Includes links for parents, teachers, and students to a variety of sites.
Links Includes links to educational resources.
Links Includes listings in the U.S. and abroad.
Links indicate free or registration required or subscription .
Links indicate members who have activated their OU web site.
Links indicate the existence of one or more co-citations.
Links indicate where to find current information about our research in each subject category.
Links Indulge and explore links to other great pages.
Links inevitably become stale overnight.
Links initially lead to sponsor ads .
Links ink pages are notoriously difficult to maintain and rapidly get out of hand.
Links interesantes a otros webs ferroviarios.
Links Internet optical simulation resources Optical simulation is very complicated process.
Links interrupt the visual patterns that make text work.
Links inthe saved page also remain live in the captured folder.
Links is a central site for producers.
Links is a collection of interesting web links.
Links is a collection of our favorite Web sites.
Links is a collection of RC and micro related links.
Links is a convenience for our visitors.
Links is a folder, inside the bkrentzman folder, in which the file search.html is located.
Links is a good place to drag and drop favorite Web addresses and other objects.
Links is a list of other useful resources related to hemophilia and other bleeding disorders.
Links is a page containing links to related web sites.
Links is a page of interesting links to other websites.
Links is a page that has links to other sites of interests.
Links is a summary of used links.
Links is a text-based browser with support for HTML tables and frames.
Links is a text-mode web browser with support for frames and tables.
Links is a very powerful mugshot management system.
Links is a very short list of useful links to related sites.
Links is a widely used Internet credit card payment processor.
Links is all now on one page.
Links is an area that provides reference to local businesses as well as links of general interest.
Links is an Internet navigator, resource locator, and tutorial.
Links is based primarily on static html pages.
Links is distributed as shareware.
Links is free for non-commercial use.
Links is just that, links to vaious other place on the web.
Links is just what it suggests.
Links is our pick of some of the best sites on the web.
Links is perhaps the most useful page on the site.
Links is Private.
Links is provided as a public service.
Links is published three times per year.
Links IS Soc.
Links is the best text-based browser around.
Links is the page to turn to for related web pages or just a spot to jump out into exploring again.
Links is the place to find other site s that have relevant schoolswork information.
Links is what it sounds like.
Links is, but there are lots of tricks to using Links.
Links Join Now Stop paying bank fees right now.
Links Join our email list for monthly specials and promotions.
Links Join our mailing list for the latest exhibit updates.
Links Join the Chicago newsletter today and receive up to date info.
Links Join the Denver newsletter today and receive up to date info.
Links Join the Dutch newsletter today and receive up to date info.
Links Join the Hagerstown newsletter today and receive up to date info.
Links Join the Kalamazoo newsletter today and receive up to date info.
Links Join the Milwaukee newsletter today and receive up to date info.
Links Join the New Orleans newsletter today and receive up to date info.
Links join the objects together to complete the automated process.
Links Join the Sacramento newsletter today and receive up to date info.
Links Join the Virginia newsletter today and receive up to date info.
Links Just click on any of the underlined sections to go to more web pages.
Links Keep the marching community united.
Links Know thyself.
Links lead di rect to events' sites.
Links lead directly to magazine's web site.
Links lead directly to the catalog pages which show details, price and ordering info.
Links lead directly to the catalog pages which show details, price and ordering information.
Links lead either directly to postscript versions of the papers or to downloading instructions.
Links lead from the maps to the town maps.
Links lead surfers to registration and information sections.
Links lead the user to product and service suppliers within the hospitality index.
Links lead the visitor from each article to Web sites devoted to the unit being covered.
Links lead through to our previous site.
Links lead to a dedicated regimental page.
Links lead to a table of contents for each volume.
Links lead to a variety of federal agencies, some of which are less clearly organized.
Links lead to a variety of galleries with styles from whimsical fantasies to geometric abstracts.
Links lead to abstracts of conference papers.
Links lead to abstracts.
Links lead to an alphabetical listing of links.
Links lead to areas that have been completed and displayed in the original census format.
Links lead to biographical notes.
Links lead to biographical sketches.
Links lead to classified ads, forums, and online shopping resources.
Links lead to complete job descriptions and contact information.
Links lead to concert information, record companies and retail sites.
Links lead to detailed description and pictures .
Links lead to detailed information about each model.
Links lead to detailed information about each sewing machine model.
Links lead to email lists, newsgroups, webrings, and literary awards for booklovers.
Links lead to family tree segments and biographical notes pages, as applicable.
Links lead to handouts for each lecture.
Links lead to handy maps, histories, personal accounts, museums, photos, parks, and more.
Links lead to historical documents, inaugural addresses, biographies, and first ladies.
Links lead to historical documents, inaugural addresses, biographies, and other internet resources.
Links lead to home pages of statistical agencies and related contacts.
Links lead to information on parasitoids, predators, pathogens and weed-feeders.
Links lead to list archives or to a web form to subscribe to the list.
Links lead to men, battles, and war stories.
Links lead to more detailed information on Mount Kilimanjaro and Tanzania Africa.
Links lead to more detailed information.
Links lead to more details.
Links lead to more facts on heart problems in kids.
Links lead to more specific information.
Links lead to online extracts, reviews and presentations on the Internet.
Links lead to other cameras dotted around the city.
Links lead to other historical documents and Internet resources.
Links lead to other information sites and images.
Links lead to other Native American cultural resources including essays, articles and stories.
Links lead to other pages of information.
Links lead to other pages with that data - specs, photos, installation instructions, etc.
Links lead to pages for professionals and patients.
Links lead to pictures of natural and manmade stone outcroppings, with the local lore included.
Links lead to professional portfolios that describe members' e-education activities.
Links lead to proofs of several of the Theorems.
Links lead to publication descriptions and ordering information.
Links lead to publications, membership bios.
Links lead to recent news releases, business Web pages and reference materials.
Links lead to related resources.
Links lead to resources for authors and events.
Links lead to resources to help teachers plan classroom discussions and research projects.
Links lead to science fairs, museums and public understanding of science.
Links lead to sites for cards, gifts, cakes, books and songs.
Links lead to sites with transmission and scanning electron micrographs of plant cells.
Links lead to species accounts.
Links lead to specific information for each individual page.
Links lead to station information and then onto meteorological data.
Links lead to subject-specific directories.
Links lead to the airport's official site, when available.
Links lead to the full text of selected articles.
Links lead to the host institution's website.
Links lead to the various categories of hosted sites and from there to the sites themselves.
Links lead to underwater safety and leisure organizations and agencies.
Links lead to various artists and some of their works.
Links lead to Web sites the students used to learn more about supporting war efforts at home.
Links lead to whistlers' websites and informative pages.
Links leading out of such a cluster again lead to another context and therefore are magic features.
Links leading to password-protected areas require prior authorization.
Links leading to subindexes are in bold .
Links leads to some interesting places.
Links Learn more about Esperanto.
Links Learn more about the prison system, corrections-based education and art programs in prisons.
Links let readers catch up-if they want.
Links librarian.net - a weblog of interesting library related links and news stories.
Links library useful pointers to marketing information elsewhere on the web.
Links line the left side, while gripping headlines fill the bulk of the page.
Links Link directly to the information.
Links Link here to some required readings and online sources for Latin America.
Links Link to a variety of other sites involved in education reform.
Links Link to any Web page.
Links Link to education and academic programs and organizations in Canada and the United States.
Links Link to golf manufacturer's Web sites.
Links Link to NAPE locals or other union organizations.
Links Link to other great golfing sites for people who love golf.
Links Link to other related websites.
Links Link to other sites containing similar information.
Links Link to other state offices and women's organizations.
Links Link to other useful sites on the environment, government, and solid waste.
Links Link to related websites.
Links Link to the best sports information and betting sites on the Web.
Links Link up with other universities and organizations.
Links -Links to other sites.
Links -Links to related sites.
Links list and help on installing add-ons.
Links list and more.
Links listed are in no particular order.
Links Listed below are career resources that are provided other sites.
Links Listed below are links to information concerning music performance and teaching.
Links Listed below are links to other rules and statutes information on the Internet.
Links Listed below are links to other security related websites.
Links Listed below are links to sites offering information about automobiles and fuel.
Links listed below are our friends and fellow travelers.
Links Listed below are sites full of information.
Links Listed below are some links to sites containing information related to data mining.
Links listed here include travel, history, literature, and archery pages.
Links listed represent the best of the best.
Links lists a few websites of related interest.
Links Lists online tutorials, references, and good portal sites.
Links lists wildlife, natural resources, and conservation related web sites.
Links load quickly and transfer the user quite simply from one area to another.
Links Locate hard to find sites in the largest index of audio links on the Internet.
Links look great for research.
Links Look here for other sites of interest.
Links look interesting.
Links look like barbell with captive bushing at each end.
Links Looking for good apologetic web sites is a time-consuming venture.
Links Maintaining a listings section can take a lot of time and effort.
Links Maintaining links with other professional bodies in the school library field is imperative.
Links Make a Profit.
Links make excellent use of the Web's timeliness and colorfulness.
Links make it easy to conduct extensive research on newsworthy subjects.
Links make it easy to get from one section to another.
Links make navigation around the site easy .
Links Make puzzles for fun.
Links Make taking action for coral reefs easy and simple.
Links make the cyberworld go 'round.
Links make the web go round.
Links make the web go 'round.
Links make the Web go 'round.
Links make the Web what it is.
Links make the Web work.
Links means for the web visitor to find related websites.
Links means left in german.
Links mentioned are live.
Links menu A scrolling list of commonly requested pages.
Links menu to activate it.
Links menu to make it appear.
Links menuju fasilitas di internet.
Links mislead, misdirect, make trivial or irrelevant connections, or are simply dead.
Links move directly to the source's web site.
Links move the user between the sections to pull information instantly.
Links naar andere sites over roofvogels .
Links naar astronomie, ruimtevaart, weer etc.
Links naturally stand out and thus act as a highlight.
Links Navigate the best retail and consumer products links on the Net.
Links Navigating from one page to another or from one site to another via links is examined.
Links normally lead to other web sites.
Links Note that our book and standards collections are presently on an in-house catalog only.
Links Note the location of the source file which is automatically updated.
Links now default to a new browser.
Links now open on a new browser page.
Links object code and library code into a single, invokable form.
Links objectives to the mission and goals of the organization.
Links offer a more in-depth look at particular locales.
Links offer a superb list of the best resources now available on the Web.
Links Offer affiliates fresh links and content to keep their visitors interested and clicking.
Links offer online connections to diagnostic, treatment and medication information at other sites.
Links offer routes to extend study into additional aspects of Maya life and culture.
Links offers additional information from other sources.
Links offers Internet play for up to eight players and several new scoring modes.
Links offers some popular culture , and topics ranging from health to history to politics .
Links ollege life, in general, exacerbates tensions.
Links only display if they exist.
Links only work when clicked on in the browser.
Links open a new browser window.
Links open a new window.
Links open new browser windows.
Links open up in a new window.
Links operate direct across to selling agents' sites.
Links operate in ways unique to electronic literature.
Links operate well.
Links Organic an on-line international organic directory.
Links page new format, and updated links.
Links page up and running.
Links page up-dated.
Links pages The following pages contain useful links to various sites under their relevant headings.
Links placed here are totally at our discretion.
Links placed here have the highest response rates.
Links Plan ahead to outwit the computer by boxing it into a corner.
Links point to abstracts as well as gzip compressed postscript version of papers.
Links point to abstracts.
Links point to additional information about the course.
Links point to course pages.
Links point to English-language pages unless otherwise specified.
Links point to full article text.
Links point to full-text pages posted on the site.
Links point to nonexistent file.
Links point to original full text articles or abstracts.
Links point to partial or completeEnglish pages.
Links point to phunny physics pages.
Links point to posthumous biographies.
Links point to project homepages.
Links point to sites in English - if available.
Links point to sites or pages of similar content.
Links point to sites with biographical and critical information.
Links point to sources of additional information.
Links point to web sites having information about trail sections in some towns.
Links posted here are to public sites only.
Links Povay the shareware renderer .
Links presents links to web pages related to nature in Japan.
Links progress reports and treatments to initial injury reports.
Links propagate by plagiarism more than they propagate by bookmarking.
Links provide a gateway to a related page, file, or open an e-mail response .
Links provide a guide to useful internet sites of interest to legal practitioners.
Links provide a way to get more detailed information about the elements in a document.
Links provide a way to join information within a project.
Links provide access to a wide variety of sources.
Links provide access to academic and government statistics sites.
Links provide access to committee jurisdiction, along with other committee info and documents.
Links provide access to committee membership, rules, and jurisdiction.
Links provide access to complete prescribing information.
Links provide access to many different interests, such as comics or specialized magazines.
Links provide access to many of our course materials.
Links provide access to occupational information and listings of education preparation programs.
Links provide access to other related territories.
Links provide access to periodicals worldwide.
Links provide access to rankings, competitors, news, etc.
Links provide access to recent news releases and statistics such as official euro rates.
Links provide access to related associations and other pertinent websites.
Links provide access to web sites for more detailed fishing and destination information.
Links provide additional background information.
Links provide additional sites.
Links provide additional sources of related information.
Links provide additional stories, and photographs and can be accessed by section.
Links provide an array of sources and resources that deal with addictions and substance abuses.
Links provide basic information on each comet.
Links provide contact information for phone, e-mail, or regular postal mail.
Links provide contact information for phone, E-mail, or regular postal mail.
Links provide context for the content.
Links Provide credible links that are useful to students and parents.
Links provide detailed profiles, maps and directions, links to school websites, and much more.
Links provide details on the range of services available.
Links provide details.
Links provide earlier and later history.
Links provide for random access of information.
Links provide further details on individual castles with maps, plans and enlarged images.
Links provide illustration of how students are encouraged to have input on their school web site.
Links provide information about preventing and ending violence.
Links provide information on a diverse range of topics.
Links provide information on group activities and job opportunities.
Links provide maps and geographical information about the nations.
Links provide more thorough discussion of people and places.
Links provide more useful information on filtering.
Links provide new information and alter our perception of the story.
Links provide owner discussion of the features and modifications with links to other models.
Links provide resources on bond ratings, corporate profiles, and stock exchanges.
Links provide sources of information and help while feedback allows the viewer to make any comments.
Links provide specific information on the current status of various agricultural pests.
Links provide suggestions to other web sites that are similar in level and interest.
Links provide supplementary resources and news.
Links provide teachers with ideas, resources, and lesson plans.
Links provide that branching option.
Links provide the ability to click on a name, word, or phrase and go to that Web page.
Links provide the details.
Links provide thousands of other names.
Links provided are from many knowledgeable, experienced documents librarians.
Links provided are in no way indicative of an endorsement.
Links provided are to audio files.
Links provided in footnotes are for the convenience of the reader.
Links provided to business are at the authors discretion.
Links provides a listing of club-related links.
Links provides access to other global warming sites.
Links provides access to resume banks.
Links provides an extensive list of web sites related to swimming.
Links Provides direct links to specific Federal agency information and materials.
Links provides even more names and information.
Links Provides links of interest to criminal defense attorneys.
Links Provides links to newspapers and other news sources from around the world.
Links Provides links to newspapers organized by country.
Links provides links to other art-related sites.
Links provides links to sites for related organisations, projects and information.
Links provides links to the other related systems and software.
Links Provides links to useful sites.
Links Provides lots and lots of web links.
Links provides numerous links for the agricultural community.
Links provides other homepages of interest.
Links provides other resources relating to the building regulations division.
Links provides pictures of the plants, animals, and descriptions of Louisiana's wetlands and bayous.
Links provides sites with further information about bookbinding.
Links providing access to course materials and teaching resources are also well represented.
Links providing additional information to each product are available.
Links Put some links, or whatever here.
Links Put text here, or links.
Links Put the links here.
Links range from associations, organizations and professional groups to technical resources.
Links range from dinosaur exhibits and the space telescope to treasures of the czars.
Links range from fashion to contacts to ocular pharmaceuticals.
Links range from limericks, to a rhyming dictionary, to reaction to individual poems.
Links range from popular to scholarly.
Links Read about different styles of bowlers, how lane conditions affect ball reaction.
Links Read our privacy statement.
LiNKS Read the latest interview and cd review on the 'All About Jazz' website.
Links Read the regulations here .
Links Read the state law about testing exemptions.
Links receives no funding from Quota.
Links refer to most recent review of the restaurant.
Links refer to the most recent review of the restaurant.
Links reflect semantic relationships among documents.
Links reflect semantic relationships between documents.
Links relate portions of views.
Links related to other financial topics are here .
Links related to the reading selections are available on that page.
Links relating to other dances are available as well.
Links remain active for some three months after each event.
Links remain intact.
Links remain live in the captured pages.
Links remain valid for a limited period of time.
Links Remember most images are expandable or links to further information.
Links represent an author's perception of inter-relationships among information.
Links represent data dependencies.
Links Request a Brochure.
Links Researching legal issues on the internet can be complex.
Links results to additional sites of interest.
Links rex hobart and the misery boys . . .
Links rise through ranks after positive comments - deleted after negative feedback.
Links Roll Up.
Links run the gamut from grammar exercises to culture to a parent section.
Links Save Money.
Links Say hi to all our friends abroad.
Links says that next year the school hopes to offer online students streaming video of the lectures.
Links Scroll down to the bottom of the page and let's add some links.
Links -Search the web through our medical links.
Links Searching for employment or planning for a career can often be very frustrating and confusing.
Links See also some nice pictures of colored interference patterns.
Links See also, faculty awards and service .
Links See disclaimers for legal information.
Links See more writing resources, e-books information, membership information, and writing links.
Links See North Metro's links to special interest sites.
Links See our calendar of events in agriculture.
Links See our links page for futher study.
Links See our program guide for links to many current programs.
Links See some of our favorite sites and link to a world of information.
Links See the crops growing in the fields.
Links See the main page for updated store news and featured weekly catalog items.
Links See the pictures here.
Links See what else is cool.
Links See what else is out there.
Links See what else the internet has to offer with other building related websites.
Links See who else is out there.
Links seem to be haphazardly placed on the screen.
Links seem to be live cams.
Links seem to be the best boosters at present.
Links seem to work best when they are woven into the text of a page.
Links Select a category from the list and click to obtain links to valuable information.
Links Select a category to search by or select 'All' to display all links.
Links Send e-mail here.
Links Send email to Small Steps.
Links Send mail or comment on site.
Links Send some juicy recipes.
Links Send website suggestions to webmaster .
Links sending distant healing, send love and have faith in christian healing.
Links show additional information about the course.
Links show direct relationships and interconnections.
Links show how addition and subtraction are done on the abacus.
Links show only on the first referral.
Links show that the general notability guideline is fulfilled, which is an indication of notability.
Links show up as highlighted text and in many cases are also underlined.
Links shown in bold have messages from the teachers.
Links shown in red are still under construction .
Links shows files that the selected file is linked to.
Links Sign our guestbook.
Links SoCalHoops contains links to other sites.
Links start here.
Links stay on about a month.
Links Stay out of the way.
Links stop working sometimes.
Links Stopping a car in a hurry on a slippery road can be very challenging.
Links Study English Links about studying english are here.
Links Subscribe online with secure server, or print out form below and send it in.
Links sul software musicale.
Links surfaces together into one tight, monolithic structure.
Links tag and before the tag.
Links Take a gander at our 'sister' sites.
Links Take a look at our page of links to closely related websites.
Links Take a look at some links to other sites.
Links Take a peek at our favorite internet links .
Links take the user to a personalized page that highlights products based on their personal profile.
Links take the viewer to information and explanations about specific chemistry topics.
Links take the viewer to various topic areas.
Links take up the least of all, paragraphs of text are next, and graphics take up the most.
Links take users directly to program guidelines also.
Links take visitors to an area where they can buy T-shirts.
Links temporarily offline.
Links tend to actually go where they re supposed to.
Links tend to be listed top to bottom, youngest to oldest.
Links tend to be of high quality.
Links tend to be redundant.
Links tend to close up and get longer.
Links tend to expire.
Links tend to have a very short shelf life.
Links tend to have at least some annotations.
Links then are in a sense the infrastructure of the web.
Links There are a ton of pages out there.
Links There are alot of changes that come up when parents get divorced.
Links There are also links embedded within the web page.
Links There are also some good sites that track or analyze legislation.
Links There are certain aspects that can be attributed to being a TRUE yogi.
Links There are eight links under the university banner.
Links There are links to the best humor sites around here.
Links There are lots of dance pages on the web.
Links There are many websites which can lead to useful history addresses.
Links There are many wonderful resources for knitting information online.
Links There are no links currently available.
Links There are no links.
Links There are plenty of things to do while in Battle Creek.
Links There are some excellent sites on the net for information about breast cancer.
Links There are some new links.
Links There are surprisingly few sites devoted to the history of pubs and breweries.
Links There are two ways that files can be linked together.
Links There is a growing list of philosophy related web pages.
Links There is an impressive list of motorcycle and other links here.
Links There is now a wealth of information on dentistry on the Internet.
Links there lead to a wealth of additional information on tools and techniques.
Links -There's a lot of information about balloons and ballooning on the web.
Links Think different.
Links tie the Web together.
Links trade names to generic names of drugs.
Links Travel to other neat sites.
Links Travel to Ukraine.
Links Travel without the distraction of time, space, or diarrhea.
Links Try some of our Links to useful sites .
Links Turn over the leaves of the book, just like a normal report.
Links typically appear as highlighted or colored text when displayed in Web clients .
Links U seful economics-related links.
Links unite the Internet.
Links Use descriptive wording for links.
Links Use descriptive words for links.
Links Use the buttons below to navigate to links by category.
Links Use the following links when researching information about performance improvement.
Links Use the following links when researching information about training basics.
Links Use the menu above to navigate the site.
Links used are in the text below.
Links used within newsletters are correct at the time of printing.
Links user to federal government electronic titles by broad topics.
Links user to newsgroups, online newspapers and periodicals, sites listed by country, and more.
Links user to other resources on the Internet.
Links user to the main page within the active section.
Links Utilize our page of links to the industry leaders.
Links vary considerably in focus and intended audience.
Links vary depending on the user's authorities and the stage of a document.
Links vary from fun to tutorial services.
Links verb rgen.
Links View a list of other scanning sites.
Links View other hedgehog related sites.
Links View other quotations resources on the net.
Links View our recommended links for researchers in applied ecology.
Links Visit a few of our favourite sites .
Links Visit interesting links related to photography and digital imaging.
Links Visit other conservation-related organizations and natural sound collections.
Links Visit other locations on the internet related to swords and swordsmanship.
Links Visit other pages that relate to our area or people.
Links Visit other sites built and related to our family and friends.
Links Visit other sites with government information.
Links Visit other tax reform-related sites.
Links Visit other useful web sites.
Links Visit our collection of language-related links .
Links Visit our extensive list of links to more easily access needed floodplain information.
Links Visit our favorite gardening sites.
Links Visit our favorite sites on the web.
Links Visit our friends and neighbors.
Links Visit our friends and supporters elsewhere on the web.
Links Visit our Links page for information on sites of interest to entrepreneurs.
Links Visit our links section for a portal into the world of on-line trading.
Links Visit some of our families' personal home pages and e-mail links .
Links Visit some of the great web sites that contributed graphics and clip art to our site.
Links Visit some other helpful Web sites.
Links Visit some really cool links . . .
Links Visit the following links to receive more information about our faith.
Links Visit the following links.
Links Visit the following sites to investigate more about broadband and related technologies.
Links Visit the following websites for information on other subjects.
Links Visit the Links page for additional web-based resources.
Links Visit the site to read about pronouns .
Links Visit the sites of our partners and other travel-related organisations.
Links Visit the web sites of several other disability organizations and groups.
Links Watch for more links to our favorite sites.
Links Watch our links to other environmentally friendly sites grow.
Links -We have links to other sites.
Links Welcome to a homepage prepared by nurses for nurses.
Links Welcome to a selection of targeted services aimed at parents.
Links Welcome to one of the best made sites on the web.
Links Welcome to Osprey's links resources.
Links Welcome to our link page.
Links Welcome to our links page.
Links Welcome to our Links page.
Links Welcome to our Links pages.
Links Welcome to our new links page of extraordinary magnitude.
Links Welcome to our new site.
Links Welcome to the Brain Free Zone .
Links Welcome to the Docking Bay.
Links Welcome to the links area of the site.
Links Welcome to the links page.
Links Welcome to the Links page.
Links Welcome to the mental health and chemical dependency module.
Links Welcome to THE uk entertainment site.
Links Welcome to the website.
Links Welcome, guest.
Links welcome, preferably to index page .
Links werden in rel.
Links wieder zu entfernen.
Links Wiretapping occurs all the time in espionage and crime movies.
Links work and the navigation is in place.
Links work and understandable link titles.
Links work at family, enzyme and sequence levels.
Links work Disadvantages Sometimes slow.
Links work properly.
Links work well.
Links worth a look.
Links writers through themes.
Links always stay connected.
Links frequently change without notice, and certain pages require specific plug-ins to work.
Links frequently change without notice, and some pages require specific plug-ins to work.
Links often appear as icons, or as underlined or highlighted text.
Links often change and become outdated.
Links often change as their owners move files around their computers.
Links often change.
Links often connect directly to sites created by state legislatures.
Links often disappear or move.
Links often help to justify the information that the company is trying to get across.
Links often look like blue colored underlined words.
Links sometimes break.
Links sometimes change or disappear, especially with newspaper or periodical links.
Links Sometimes homeschool families have special needs children.
Links usually appear as blue, underlined text.
Links usually appear as underlined or highlighted text.
Links usually appear as underlined or otherwise highlighted text, but they can also be images.
Links usually appear as underlined text and in a different color from the surrounding text.
Links usually appear in a different color from the rest of the contents of a Web document.
Links usually are blue.
Links usually work better if place in some kind of related context like an article for example.
All link is based on personal preference and interest.
All links appear automatically .
All links appear here by permission.
All links appear to be good.
All links appear to be in good working order.
All links appear to work.
All links are .PDF files unless indicated otherwise in parenthesis beside the link.
All links are active and current.
All links are active on the cd-rom.
All links are active on the day each issue is transmitted.
All links are active, simply click and browse.
All links are active.
All Links are active.
All links are affiliate coded.
All links are alphabetical and listed by country.
All links are also easily recognizable, either underlined or located in a navigation bar.
All links are also searchable by keywords and listed by subject and region.
All links are also searchable by keywords.
All links are at no charge.
All links are at the bottoms of the pages.
All links are aviation related and sites are evaluated before being added to the list.
All links are big and are easy to see, as they are primarily the buttons.
All links are blue with an underline.
All links are case sensitive.
All links are case-sensitive.
All links are Christian pages.
All links are clearly color-coded.
All links are complete and there seems to be mothing under construction.
All links are correct - everything works.
All links are critically pre-viewed and screened.
All links are curently under construction.
All links are current and are online.
All links are current and worth a visit.
All links are current at the time of posting.
All links are currently active and working.
ALL links are currently down for site construction.
All links are demo versions or special evaluation videos.
All links are direct to CD-Now .
All links are direct to the publishers or organizations which edit the journals.
All links are directly to Maple worksheets.
All links are double checked and updated.
All links are easily accessible.
All links are easily recognizable.
All links are educational in nature.
All links are exchange links only.
All links are external links unless explicitly stated.
All links are external to our site.
All links are fairly comprehensive, with some useful annotations.
All links are for evaluation purpose only.
All links are for free.
All links are for helpful purposes only.
All links are for information only.
All links are for information purposes.
All links are for informational and entertainment use only.
All links are for informational purposes only, and no endorsement is implied.
All links are for other sites.
All links are for reference only.
All links are FREE to join.
All Links are free. including phone numbers.
All links are free.
All links are fully functional and completely annotated.
All links are fun and educational.
All links are geographically and alphabetically cross-referenced for easier searching.
All links are good, but can be hard to link to, so be patient.
All links are handmade in round or square wire.
All links are heavily utilized and are often congested.
All links are helpful and appropriate.
All links are here.
All links are HTML unless other indicated.
All links are in alphabetical order by artist's name.
All links are in alphabetical order.
All Links are in alphabetical order.
All links are in blue and they are currently active .
All links are in English unless otherwise specified.
All links are in english, except where noted.
All links are in German unless otherwise indicated.
All links are in green text and underlined.
All links are in pdf format.
All links are in place.
All links are in the left margin.
All links are in working order.
All links are informational only.
All links are inoperational.
All links are kid safe and interesting.
All links are lime green and underlined.
All links are local.
All links are maps to the location.
All links are member submitted listings covering many photographic categories.
All links are non-commercial.
All links are North Carolina organizations, unless noted by a .
All links are now functional, and some general revisions are complete including the java navbar.
All links are now operational.
All links are off site resources.
All links are off site.
All links are off the search engines.
All links are off-site.
All links are on a first come, first serve basis.
All links are on a reciprocal basis.
All links are on one page and are regularly updated to give the user targeted business information.
All links are on site.
All links are only to major reputable sites, reviewed regularly.
All links are operational as they are in the real-life system.
All links are operational at time of publishing.
All links are password protected and can only be accessed by currently enrolled clinic students.
All links are password protected.
All links are payable in advance.
All Links are peer-reviewed.
All links are present.
All links are public domain.
All links are reciprocal .
All links are remote.
All links are responsible for their own privacy policy and statement.
All links are rigid, and all joints universal.
All links are searchable by keyword.
All links are searchable within the site.
All links are significant.
All links are subject to approval by the links manager.
All links are subject to approval by the Publisher.
All links are subject to approval in order to remain listed.
All links are subject to approval.
All links are subject to change without notice.
All links are subject to change.
All links are subject to review by the website administrator.
All links are to .jpg photographs.
All links are to active sites that contain either useful information or informed opinions.
All links are to be accessed at the viewer's own risk.
All links are to documents.
All links are to each team's official website.
All links are to e-mail addresses.
All links are to English language websites.
All links are to English or English-available pages unless otherwise noted.
All links are to English sites unless otherwise noted.
All links are to English text pages, unless otherwise noted.
All links are to external sites.
All links are to free or shareware software.
All links are to free sites.
All links are to government or government partnership websites.
All links are to Italian only pages.
All links are to jpeg photographs.
All links are to New Jersey data, statistics and reports, unless otherwise noted.
All links are to official government websites.
All links are to outside resouces by others.
All links are to outside resources unless otherwise indicated.
All links are to outside resources.
All links are to pdf documents.
All links are to ps files unless otherwise stated.
All links are to publishers or organizations with editorial responsibilities for the titles.
All links are to recommended and approved safe web sites.
All links are to Rocklers catalog pages.
All links are to sites made for kids or by kids.
All links are to the above page.
All links are to the legislature's site.
All links are to the main index .
All Links are to the same big tits location.
All Links are to the same big tits, breasts, boobs, tit breast, boob location.
All links are to websites and gophers only.
All links are UK sites unless otherwise specified.
All links are up and functioning.
All links are valid and functional.
All links are very much appreciated.
All links are via text anchors.
All links are welcome, critter or otherwise.
All links are welcome.
All links are well-annotated and include the site's URL, a handy feature that can save time later.
All links are well-annotated.
All links are within Splash City limits.
All links are yellow-orange.
All links are, in fact, form field buttons.
All links below are for catalogs that are available publicly to the Internet.
All links below are for in-library use only.
All links below are in .pdf file format.
All links below are permanent reciprocals.
All links below are provide in .PDF format.
All links below are under construction.
All links below go to the same example page.
All links come with annotations.
All links connect correctly.
All links connect to sites by other people.
All links contain good, student written descriptions.
All links contain non-animated images.
All links contain what is promised.
All links create a new browser window.
All links enable immediate searching or lead to documents containing links to searchable interfaces.
All links follow below in order.
All links go directly to the webmaster submit pages.
All links go directly to their service or support page.
All links go on the cool links page and reciprocal banners go on the banner page .
All links go to an image.
All links have a brief description and are rated.
All links have a description and they are categorized alphabetically.
All links have a short description.
All links have a short webliography description to aid the searcher.
All links have an English language format unless otherwise noted.
All links have brief descriptions.
All links have good descriptions.
All links have previews and the site is easy to navigate.
All links have something to do with our area, please excuse some mistakes.
All links have statusbar text changing.
All links have very brief annotations.
All Links Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
All links here are now self-serve .
All links here do go somewhere .
All links including with the program are for demo purposes only.
All links is in yellow.
All links launch a new window.
All links lead only competitive sites of well known companies.
All links lead to full text information.
All links lead to pages about individual releases and songs.
All links lead to pages with unusual or paranormal content.
All links listed above are strictly for use as an aid for writers.
All links listed are editorial choices based on content and apparent value to readers.
All links listed are non-fee sites only.
All links listed here are to newspapers, news magazines, and on-line news services.
All links live.
All links now open a separate window.
All links now point to the most recent version.
All links offer discounts and many have free shipping.
All links open a new browser window.
ALL Links open a new page.
All links open a new store window.
All links open a new window.
All links open in a new window, close window to return here.
All links open into a new window.
All links open into a separate browser window.
All links open new browser windows . .
All links open new browser windows.
All links open new browsers.
All links open new window s.
All links open new windows, when returning to goventura.org, simply close the new window.
All links open new windows.
All links open up a second browser window.
All links open up in a new browser window.
All links open up in a new browser.
All links open up in new browser windows.
All links opens a separate browser window showing a more detailed technical virus description.
All links operate properly.
All Links pages all over the world.
All links point back to the original articles or abstracts at the publishers' web sites.
All links point to files that reside on the CyberAudioLibrary.
All links point to pages on the host's web server.
All links point to pages suitable for all ages of viewers.
All links point to postscript files unless otherwise indicated.
All links point to Ultimate band list entries.
All links points to other hypertext documents.
All links pop up in a new window.
All links pop up over the current site for full viewing.
All links provided are for informational purposes only.
All links provided are for informational use only.
All links provided are to the homepages of web sites.
All links provided are to valid accurate sources to the best of our knowledge.
All links provided here are the sole property and responsibility of their respective owners.
All links refer to a specific part of the book.
All links reference the original site.
All links reflect the apostles doctrine.
All links remain posted on the web site until after the auction date.
All links represented here meet our high standards.
All links require a reciprocal link.
All links stay active for one full year.
All links submitted are subject to approval.
All links terminate at the site rather than stopping at a news services's site.
All links use anchors.
All links work again.
All links work and are accessible, including past sites of participants and winners.
All links work and clever or creatively designed graphics enhance navigation.
All links work and lead onto yet another fun and interesting page quickly.
All links work and link maintenance is a priority during site delivery and subsequent changes.
All links work nicely.
All links work smoothly.
All links work with appropriate labels or graphics make it easy for the user to navigate.
All links work, the graphics are very nice and the entire site is very easy to navigate.
All links work.
Any link marked with a key icon is a restricted area that requires user login.
Any link preceeded by is available to registered members only.
Any link there is worthy of at least a few visits.
Any links are welcome, too.
Any links below are to a web-site created for the particular meeting.
Any links listed here are a courtesy to our online guests.
Any links please.
Any links provided are as available on the world wide web.
Every link appears to be working.
Every link begins the same way.
Every link below has up to dozens of additional links to explore.
Every link brings up a menu of mapping resources, and other online information about the state.
Every link comes with a handy preview of the site.
Every link contains a short description of the linked site.
Every link contains relevant information to the topic.
Every link contains the web address for the page that the link refers to.
Every link counts.
Every link helps.
Every link here does have some valuable information.
Every link here is just wonderful.
Every link includes a tightly edited comment.
Every link is a clever hybrid of fact, fiction, and compulsive lying.
Every link is a good one.
Every link is a new adventure fraught with dangers and surprises.
Every link is a new adventure.
Every link is annotated with teaching ideas or hints.
Every link is capable of carrying exactly the same lead, with no costly over capacity.
Every link is capable of carrying exactly the same load, with no costly over-capacity.
Every link is checked for real amateur content.
Every link is checked on average once a month.
Every link is embossed with a car for quick identification.
Every link is equally important in a chain.
Every link is evaluated and the best are marked .
Every link is Gold - on the Internet, and all the Gold is Linked together.
Every link is hand-submitted to the database.
Every link is in hypertext format.
Every link is listed in descriptive detail.
Every link is now complete, including pictures on the tactical gear.
Every link is rated, and an indication of the amount of text and pictures is given.
Every link is reviewed and all have free information.
Every link is reviewed and rated.
Every link is reviewed by living, breathing humans making the process often seem unbearably slow.
Every link is the same except for the stuff that follows the question mark.
Every link is visited at least once before addition to the database.
Every link needs to have an address.
Every link opens in a new window.
Every link provides activities, book suggestions, and weblinks for more learning.
Every link provides general information as well as a list of relevant publications.
Every link takes the visitor immediately to a list full of other sites and links.
Every link turns up fascinating sources like the next two entries.
Many links actually point to English sites.
Many links already exist.
Many links appear in images, such as buttons or icons.
Many links are already working, so please explore.
Many links are also available to help students locate employer web sites.
Many links are also provides.
Many links are appropriate to several themes and are listed in each category they relate to.
Many links are as a result of suggestions from visitors.
Many links are available for additional information on the topic.
Many links are available for study and grammar practice, including online quizes.
Many links are available in Spanish.
Many links are available to all North America and some world-wide.
Many links are available to information and resources related to the NIPR community.
Many links are brief and authored by students.
Many links are concerned with legislative action and change in public attitude.
Many links are concerned with regulation and public participation of communication.
Many links are current, top notch, and useful.
Many links are dead.
Many links are empty or messy.
Many links are for conditions which are rare.
Many links are for full-text government documents or websites.
Many links are foreign language, but English versions are included where available.
Many links are in adobe acrobat format.
Many links are in English, though.
Many links are inactive due to site redesign.
Many links are inactive.
Many links are now inactive.
Many links are out of date.
Many links are probably dead.
Many links are reciprocal . . .
Many links are stale.
Many links are the color blue.
Many links are to exhibits, photographs, videos, and other visuals.
Many links are to meta-sites that collect people's travel stories.
Many links are to online tutorials.
Many links are to other pages authored by other web denizens.
Many links are to real-time online catalogs.
Many links can go up or down in a matter of weeks.
Many links come from other online publications.
Many links cover more than one subject, and therefore legitimately appear in more than one category.
Many links exist which include specifications and general information.
Many links expire at midnight of date posted.
Many links go dead before they are ever discovered.
Many links go directly to their recipes pages.
Many links go to AquaNIC site.
Many links have brief annotations.
Many links have comments attached.
Many links have excellent career information and resources as well.
Many links have general relavence.
Many links here are very much dead.
Many links involve the national action and media education program.
Many links lack descriptions, but still quite a useful site.
Many links lead to commercial sites that are attempting to sell products or services.
Many links lead to other personal and commercial pages as well as active discussion areas.
Many links lead to outside related sites and online activities.
Many links look good, some duds.
Many links make the page easy to navigate and there is a search option.
Many links miss here.
Many links offer information about the Greek system as well as specific fraternities and sororities.
Many links open a new browser window.
Many links organizes by theme.
Many links provide activities that ask students to participate online.
Many links provide additional and related information, also in Spanish.
Many links provide full text information.
Many links provide useful information.
Many links relate to Soviet history and the cultures of the states and republics.
Many links require access authorization.
Many links require certain plug-ins.
Many links specially wites gynecological sites of Latin America.
Many links still have to be made.
Many links supply photographs and videos of space.
Many links tfor many languages.
Many links updates.
More links are accessable from individual pages.
More links are added all the time, so check back often.
More links are available on our page of other useful links.
More links are forthcoming.
More links are here .
More links are here and here and here and here and here .
More links are in the group's links database here .
More links are on the resources page.
More links are on the way.
More links are possible, of course.
More links are soon to come.
More links are to be added on a regular basis.
More links are to follow soon.
More Links Follow our internet smart plan for more links.
More Links Here are some links to other science and VRML related pages.
More Links Learn about the legends behind some of the symbols of the New Year.
More Links Learn more techniques for using memory effectively.
More links lycos altavista infoseek yahoo excite directhit hotbot alltheweb . . . . . . . . . . .
More links mean higher results.
More links result in greater building.
More links return from the deep.
More links show underneath the boxes also.
More Links Take a look at the symmetry found in quilts by examining four different quilt blocks.
More links tend to indicate better preparedness.
More Links There are lots of other great places about love and romance on the Internet.
More Links There are more links and cross references between pages.
More links There are more work and employment related resources on our Regional website pages.
More Links Use a mathematical equation to determine the reaction time of a goalie.
More Links Visit Car Talk online and listen to highlights from recent programs .
Most links above are currently inactive.
Most links also have the urls shown, so that printed versions can be given out as well.
Most links appear as underlined words, but objects and graphics can also serve as links.
Most links are active but much can be improved.
Most links are American.
Most links are blue underlined words, but they can be different colors or even pictures.
Most links are blue, but they can be any color.
Most links are color-coded to be different from the rest of the page.
Most links are content rather than commercial so look here first for gardening information.
Most links are current.
Most links are direct download.
Most links are directional, and are used to indicate causal relationships.
Most links are Euro-American art history resources grouped by time period.
Most links are external.
Most links are for teens, but some are on curriculum and teaching strategies.
Most links are for the Philadelphia area.
Most links are generic and suitable to all employers in agencies, business or education.
Most links are hypertext.
Most links are in place.
Most links are in Spanish.
Most links are news, course, and research related.
Most links are now inactive.
Most links are operational.
Most links are password protected.
Most Links are probably out of date but who carez.
Most links are professional sources, but a few are for children, gift shops, and science fiction.
Most links are to academic or scholarly sites, with an emphasis on interdisciplinary studies.
Most links are to American resources.
Most links are to Australian sites.
Most links are to directories.
Most links are to federal government or other official sources of information.
Most links are to first-party websites, where they are known to exist.
Most links are to free sites, though a few links are to sites that charge fees.
Most links are to full text sources.
Most links are to government pages and to universities, and a list is at the end of the page.
Most links are to high-quality, researched based information.
Most links are to HTML documents, but some are in a variety of other formats.
Most links are to images in gif formats.
Most links are to images in jpg formats.
Most links are to in-depth feature packages or archives of media or other websites.
Most links are to individual reviews of the book.
Most links are to Japanese-only pages.
Most links are to official documentation written by the software vendors, where possible.
Most links are to off-site pages.
Most links are to secondary sources.
Most links are to short description of the main characters.
Most links are to sites on other servers.
Most links are to sites provided by government organizations.
Most links are to sites with comprehensive directories to environmental resources in various areas.
Most links are to tables of contents only, some link to fulltext articles.
Most links are well-marked as titles of paragraphs but some are found in the headings of pages.
Most links connect to data prepared by a wide range of interest groups that reflect all viewpoints.
Most links consist of underlined text.
Most links contain descriptions and grade level information.
Most links contain information for postsecondary-level education.
Most links follow to the download area on the company's website.
Most links go directly to the manufacturer or publisher.
Most links go from one class to another.
Most links go to the first post on a thread.
Most links have a brief description.
Most links have a short description.
Most links have brief annotations.
Most links have brief descriptions.
Most links have new screenshots.
Most links have others and u can go on forever.
Most links here are for leisure time web surfing.
Most links lead directly to psychology catalogs.
Most links lead to county sites that permit searching by owner name or property address.
Most links lead to external sites.
Most links lead to official county Web sites, but the guide includes others as well.
Most links lead to sites in English, although some are in other European languages.
Most links lead to sites which have a large amount of software available.
Most links lead to the full text of working papers, research papers, and conference proceedings.
Most links made from our Website are to reputable organisations.
Most links offer the basic information, with the promise of even more soon.
Most links open a new browser window.
Most links open new windows.
Most links point to websites that offer free information.
Most links support a total of four to six visits per year and continue, initially, for three years.
Most links work and make it easy for the user to navigate through the stack.
Most links work but some pages are missing pictures.
Most links work now.
Most links work, but some are still under construction.
Most links work.
Some link are official sites of the artists, some are unofficial.
Some links access online newsletters and discussion groups.
Some links already exist with each of the other groups.
Some links also contain road construction information.
Some links also lead to companies that provide training-related materials.
Some links also offer keyword searchable databases.
Some links also provide a brief profile of the business.
Some links also provide information on childhood stages.
Some links also provide personal stories from people working in the field.
Some links also tailor the information to the interests of the organization.
Some links appear broken, but the information present is worth exploring.
Some links appear in more than one category as determined by the content of the site.
Some links appear in more than one category to be consistent with our topical structure.
Some links appear in more than one category.
Some links appear in more than one of the listed categories.
Some links appear in several subcategories.
Some links appear on multiple pages.
Some links appear to go to the wrong place.
Some links are accessible only to local users.
Some links are accessible to the public and some are for recipients.
Some links are active.
Some links are already avaliable.
Some links are also affiliates.
Some links are also in Spanish.
Some links are also within our pages.
Some links are at the bottom of the page.
Some links are available on-going and others change periodically because of their timely nature.
Some links are available to full text articles.
Some links are available with a subscription only.
Some links are available.
Some links are below.
Some links are business-related and some are just for fun.
Some links are commercial.
Some links are continous, or full time.
Some links are critical.
Some links are current.
Some links are currently available.
Some links are currently in place, and others are being developed.
Some links are currently inactive.
Some links are dead but some are great.
Some links are dead, but the overall product is useful.
Some links are dead, leading nowhere.
Some links are direct links to specific statutes or legislative indexes.
Some links are direct to the chemical manufacturer.
Some links are directly relevant to cell and molecular biology research.
Some links are down, but they are being updated.
Some links are educational and some are just fun.
Some links are email addresses for the author rather than the actual web page.
Some links are even more direct.
Some links are even worth following.
Some links are eye appealing and very graphically oriented.
Some links are fairly tenuous, and give the impression of being 'filler' material.
Some links are for information only and lead to pages at other sites.
Some links are for internal use only.
Some links are for navigation, others are to use to e-mail personnel.
Some links are for navigation, others to e-mail.
Some links are for paying markets, some have contests, freebies, helpful hints and other fun stuff.
Some links are for private schools while others are homeschool resources.
Some links are from other sites and many have been found through search engines.
Some links are full-text.
Some links are good but many are dead.
Some links are groups by topic.
Some links are Houston related.
Some links are images, while others are text.
Some links are in multiple parts as noted.
Some links are in spanish, some available in spanish and english others have english versions.
Some links are in Spanish.
Some links are inactive or broken.
Some links are inactive.
Some links are informational.
Some links are inoperative, or changed.
Some links are insubstantial wisps, jumping a few paragraphs ahead or behind.
Some links are interesting, though, and useful.
Some links are intermittent.
Some links are internal.
Some links are just for girls and others are just for guys.
Some links are metadata.
Some links are more helpful than others, such as the one for girls' cross-country.
Some links are new, and some lead to the old site.
Some links are no longer active.
Some links are no longer reliable.
Some links are now a bit glitchy.
Some links are of interest to group-members only, some are only in german language.
Some links are official sites, some are local media sites, and some are fan links.
Some links are old.
Some links are on the page specific to that topic.
Some links are only available on the school intranet site.
Some links are out of date. .
Some links are out of date.
Some links are password protected to ensure controlled access and customer privacy.
Some links are password-protected.
Some links are presentational decisions.
Some links are random, while others are described in the text below the view of the maze.
Some links are redundant.
Some links are Russian only.
Some links are samples and some are free entire songs.
Some links are specific to the Pennsylvania and Allegheny County areas.
Some links are specifically for faculty in economics.
Some links are still out of date.
Some links are still under construction.
Some links are subject specific while others are more general in content.
Some links are subscription only.
Some links are temporarliy down.
Some links are to background information on named artists.
Some links are to be activated later in semester.
Some links are to brief articles.
Some links are to corporate sites or webpages that require membership.
Some links are to department or state pages due to the page set up requirements.
Some links are to fee-based services.
Some links are to for-profit companies.
Some links are to Indiana sites, but others are more general.
Some links are to online, full-text and other links just provide searching capabilities.
Some links are to organizations of whom LLLI is a member.
Some links are to original material by the university.
Some links are to personal and corporate webpages where original articles have been published.
Some links are to popular statistics, others to raw data.
Some links are to search engines.
Some links are to searchable sites, others are direct links to recipe pages.
Some links are to searchable sites.
Some links are to sites that sell stuff.
Some links are to software, scripts, or providers.
Some links are to the documents themselves.
Some links are to their own documents and others are to external resources.
Some links are to websites provided by presenters.
Some links are under construction including the online ordering and product section.
Some links are under construction so check back for updates.
Some links are under construction.
Some links are underconstruction.
Some links are valid for in-library access only.
Some links are valuable for research, others are more valuable for personal interest.
Some links are yet to be installed.
Some links become inactive.
Some links below appear to require little or no elaboration.
Some links below are currently under reconstruction.
Some links below are for affiliate programs.
Some links below are still under construction.
Some links below are to on-line versions at other sites on the Web.
Some links bring up the help window with relevant information.
Some links can 'skip' levels.
Some links charge companies to be added, but many are free.
Some links connect related text within the Catalog .
Some links connect to E-commerce sites.
Some links connect to electronic texts while others provide information on printed sources.
Some links contain a paragraph of description.
Some links contain listings of government job opportunities.
Some links contain material appropriate to multiple grade levels.
Some links contain materials from more than one area.
Some links contain movies to illustrate the concept.
Some links cover alternative therapies.
Some links cross over into several categories.
Some links even allow students to search by clicking on pictures.
Some links even feature colorful photographs of fruits, trees, and cultivated fields.
Some links explain what the images are depicting and tell about the symbols being used.
Some links fall under more than one area.
Some links fixes.
Some links go direct to course material others are via a particular faculty postgraduate study page.
Some links go direct to course material others are via the relevant faculty postgraduate study page.
Some links go directly to education sites.
Some links go directly to the review, others to a search page.
Some links go to other websites.
Some links go to our message board service.
Some links go to pages created by the teacher or to other web links.
Some links go to sites off campus.
Some links have a detailed study guide and sample test questions.
Some links have a strong political bent.
Some links have brief annotations.
Some links have brief descriptive comments.
Some links have city facts as well.
Some links have English or French versions.
Some links have images.
Some links have interactive parts.
Some links have interesting aesthetic and mathematical properties.
Some links have maps of very specific areas.
Some links have minor annotations, which are helpful.
Some links have more information than just the listed topic.
Some links have more than Three pictures for display.
Some links have products or services.
Some links have their own search engines.
Some links have yet to be completed.
Some links help with homework and others lead to games to enhance more learning.
Some links help with searching.
Some Links Here are some links to some of the best sites on the net.
Some links here go directly to a specific agency.
Some links lead to commercial web sites.
Some links lead to directory listings.
Some links lead to full-text literary works or critical comments.
Some links lead to full-text scholarly articles published online.
Some links lead to lists of further issue-related links.
Some links lead to lists of seeds available for purchase along with documentation or references.
Some links lead to off-site properties or files which are owned by others.
Some links lead to sites which require password authorization.
Some links list internships, some list lists of internships.
Some links load slowly.
Some links move the user from one page to another within a discreet entity.
Some links occur several times as they show or describe more than one object.
Some links offer an analysis of texts, some offer research tools, some present MLA formatting tips.
Some links open a new browser window.
Some links open a page into an additional window.
Some links open additional files.
Some links open full size pages.
Some links overlap and subsume other links.
Some links point to external Internet resources.
Some links point to personal pages, others point to class projects.
Some links point to sites that require free registration.
Some links provide abstracts or entire articles in electronic form.
Some links provide access to online primary sources.
Some links provide access to titles being archived regularly.
Some links provide dissection alternatives and study guides.
Some links provide easy trip planning.
Some links provide historical data.
Some links provide interesting and unusual information.
Some links provide mini-lessons on particular topics.
Some links provide more information.
Some links refer to .dvi, .pdf or .ps files.
Some links require a PDF reader .
Some links require an acrobat reader.
Some links require plug-ins.
Some links require registration.
Some links require subscription or password.
Some links require subscriptions for access or to get additional information.
Some links resolve to the outermost frame.
Some links show up in several locations, due to their relation to several subjects.
Some links take longer to contact than others.
Some links take the user to a program page, others to a staff person.
Some links take time to connect.
Some Links Tracie at age two.
Some links turn into dead ends.
Some links work.
Linkable text is underlined.
Linkage analysis is often the procedure used to identify individuals who carry susceptibility genes.
Linkage disequilibrium can be advantageous, neutral, or disadvantageous.
Linkage disequilibrium can exist for several reasons.
Linkage disequilibrium describes the association of alleles at different loci.
Linkage equilibrium is defined as random association amongst alleles of linked genes.
Linkage fee is billed quarterly.
Linkage isomerism occurs with ambidentate ligands.
Linkage maps consist of an array of DNA patterns, called markers, positioned on chromosomes.
Linkage maps exploit a phenomenon called recombination or crossing over .
Linkage maps show locations.
Most linkage maps show locations.
Linkage mapping is a complicated matter with various different approaches.
Linkage studies consider the cosegregation of a particular disorder with marker genes in families.
Linkage study is a fundamental subject for plant classical genetics.
A linkage is attachment
Linkage affects suspension geometry and travel.
Linkage affects the use of markers in breeding in two ways.
Linkage allows our eyes to circulate among the shapes via value bridges.
Linkage also reduces diversity.
Linkage can persist for some time while equilibrium is being approached.
Linkage connecting the sector assembly and the control stick linkage is shifted.
Linkage connects the control valves in tandem.
Linkage explains why certain characteristics are frequently together.
Linkage here is a fact of life.
Linkage holds alleles of different genes together.
Linkage is a marketing research and consulting firm.
Linkage is a powerful tool in modern genetic counseling.
Linkage is as specified above.
Linkage is estimated by determining how far deviated from expectation are gamete frequencies.
Linkage is leverage.
Linkage is measured by the frequency of recombinants between loci.
Linkage is measured by the percentage recombination between loci .
Linkage is provided to extensive libraries of additional resource sites and services.
Linkage is related to crossing-over during meiosis.
Linkage is the outstanding difference between hyperessay and traditional essay.
Linkage is unacceptable.
Linkage is via the Debian packaging system, or so the argument goes.
Linkage isa connection.
Linkage occurs via integral membrane proteins.
Linkage occurs when two or more genes exist close together on the same chromosome.
Linkage provides a comprehensive, multi-tiered approach to coaching.
Linkage requires minimally that the two loci be on the same chromosome.
Linkages also allow for learning and sharing information and experiences with other organizations.
Linkages also depend on the pedestrian environment.
Linkages are a broad class of mechanisms.
Linkages are an important technique in the theory of curves.
Linkages are available to the readings .
Linkages are clear among communities of all levels.
Linkages are clear and concise with easy navigation as the underlying goal of the design.
Linkages are connections.
Linkages are cross-departmental in subject.
Linkages are important as is a collaborative approach.
Linkages are inheritances.
Linkages are likely to be particularly robust between apparel and home furnishings products.
Linkages are mechanical systems.
Linkages are then calculated bewteen people, and between people and machines.
Linkages are what are important.
Linkages can also help.
Linkages can convey user context to enhance the trans-site experience.
Linkages create value.
Linkages CSBG funding regularly supports extensive outreach, information and referral services.
Linkages features articles regarding professional programs, and regional information.
Linkages go both ways.
Linkages involve sharing of information, and can be accomplished either virtually or in person.
Linkages is an evolving communication tool.
Linkages promote compatibility between the two persons who form the linkage.
Linkages provide a means to access existing sources of knowledge.
Linkages provides several services in the school.
Linkages related to career assistance are most prevalent.
Linkages serves elderly and younger functionally impaired adults at risk of institutionalization.
Linkages serves the frail elderly and other adults with disabilities regardless of income.
Linkages vary depending on the landscape and community preferences.
All linkages require occasional adjustments or repair, particularly when they become worn.
Most linkages are through sponsored research and alliances with universities.
Some linkages are stronger than others.
Linked abstracts contain all authors.
Linked actions flow more smoothly.
Linked ammunition is stored on the reel in a helical path.
Linked artifacts generate a high-level technology for free.
Linked cams are responsible for their own privacy policies.
Linked catalogs allow users to borrow directly from other libraries with only a few days turnaround.
Linked companies provide architectural and engineering services.
Linked courses are a great opportunity to discuss controversial and differing views in class.
Linked courses are one strategy that appears to work well.
Linked Courses Take an English composition class with a twist.
Linked databases can help planners by providing immediately accessible work lists.
Linked data can identify the types and costs of injuries resulting from crashes.
Linked developments are likely to include a convenience store and a branch bank.
Linked exits require stability for a group of jumpers.
Linked files are usually UNavailable before their corresponding dates.
Linked genes are inherited together.
Linked genes are on the same chromosome.
Linked genes are too close to assort independently.
Linked genes do sometimes separate.
Linked genes indicate the distance between genes on the chromosomes.
Linked genes lie near each other on one chromosome.
Linked genes lie on the same chromosome and tend to be packaged into gametes together.
Linked genes respond in a manner simi- lar to single gene inheritance.
Linked genes tend to stay together during crossing over.
Linked images looks much nicer without a border.
Linked information is authoritative or illustrative.
Linked information is relevant and authoritative or illustrative.
Linked information is stored in the source document.
Linked information provides product reviews, vendor phone numbers, and online ordering links.
Linked items are available via the Internet.
Linked items can be text or graphics.
Linked list prefix computation on mesh arrays.
Linked lists are a collection of data ordered sequentially.
Linked lists are a superb source of complex practice problems.
Linked lists are a tremendous asset.
Linked lists are a very important data structure in Lisp.
Linked lists are great because they are fairly fast and offer dynamic data storage.
Linked lists are more error prone and are harder to write than code for an array.
Linked lists are slower to access than an array.
Linked markers are segments of DNA that lie very close to the gene being studied.
Linked names allow access to researcher personal homepages.
Linked names are quite common in the Jewish tradition.
Linked names have faculty homepages.
Linked names lead to that individual's homepage.
Linked names provide extended family data and photos.
Linked organizations are responsible for the content and maintenance of their web-sites.
Linked pages cover courses, clubs, teams, alumni and support documents.
Linked pages have factual and travel-oriented information, plus maps and slide shows.
Linked pages offer information on various aspects of our work, member clubs and upcoming events.
Linked pages provide insights into their relative advantages and disadvantages.
Linked plants form dense rafts in the water and mud.
Linked plots are a way of sharing information between plots.
Linked references are includes at the end of the article.
Linked repeaters allow fun wireless communications across an entire state with a hand-held radio.
Linked repeaters allow fun, wireless communication across an entire state.
Linked sections are available online.
Linked selections are to .aiff sound excerpts.
Linked site has a searchable alphabetical listing of gifs.
Linked site is a free service.
Linked sites are property of their respective owners.
Linked sites are the sole property of their owners.
Linked sites provide information about investing in Canada and Canadian financial institutions.
Linked sites tend to be very academic.
Linked sites vary greatly in the level of information offered.
Any linked site appears in a box on the screen.
Linked sources are beyond our control.
Linked spreadsheets become a thing of the past.
Linked spreadsheets consolidate budgets.
Linked systems are two-step procedures.
Linked text is in bright pink that changes to medium grey when it has been visited.
Linked text is underlined and blue in color.
Linked titles are available in their entirety.
Linked titles have at least some articles available online.
Linked topics are highly context-relevant, whereas related ones are less so.
Linked topics is a jump to a list of somewhat related documents.
Linked topics show a portion of the actual information.
Linked units operate for twenty four weeks and are worth twenty credit points.
Linked words are in another color and underlined.
Linked words are usually in a different color than other text, like the words below.
Linked words indicate cross references within the glossary.
Most linking protocols exist as layers above the operating system.
Many Linkous cousins live here today, deep roots.
Linkous roots run deep here too.
Links course work to real world experience, career exploration and employment.
Links exchanges are subject to review.
Links golf is unlike that played on inland courses.
Links Links are a great way to help the user navigate through a website.
Links Links are an inevitable aspect of every website.
Links Links are being added, so please check again soon.
Links Links are current and connections work.
Links Links are hyperlinks to other sites of interest to our members.
Links Links are one of the best ways of utilising the web.
Links Links are only active for current semester's courses.
Links Links are the most important part of the documentation.
Links Links are what make Web documents unique.
Links Links Check out some cool volleyball links.
Links Links Check out some of our sponsors and other related sites.
Links Links connect one Web page to another.
Links Links connect pages to one another.
Links links Following are connections to websites involved in academics and scholarly publishing.
Links Links Following is a list of organizations and manufacturer sites.
Links Links Learn more about hunger, poverty and advocacy by visiting the websites listed below.
Links Links point to other web page addresses.
Links Links provide the navigational structure - point and click environment of the web.
Links Links Review the following links for more information on real estate appraisal.
Links Links Searching the Internet can be a time consuming and tedious process.
Links Links See a description of each site below.
Links Links Take time to visit the following links.
Links Links Welcome to our links page.
Links Links Welcome to our resource centre.
Links Links Welcome to the bannister.org links page.
Links Links Welcome to the links page.
Links Links Worth Checking Out Check out the following links.
Links page consists of many types of link sites.
Links page contains excellent educational resources.
Links page contains other radio sites and help sites.
Links page has some sites well worth visiting and bookmarking.
Links page Have a look at other web sites.
Links page highlights similar agencies in Canada and internationally.
Links page is an excellent resource for info about other disaster-related organisations and sites.
Links page is in construction.
Links page is just a page which is full with a lots of useful links to another homepage.
Links page is launched.
Links page is of especial interest.
Links page is on-line.
Links page is still under construction.
Links page is the place to find helpful links to general use, nursing and med sites.
Links page is up and running.
Links page is updated.
Links page lists other customizers and customizing tips sites.
Links pages are hard to maintain and keep current.
Links pages are simply hyperlinks to another site.
All Links pages allow anyone to add their site for immediate display.
All Links pages are simply sites, that allow a one line ad, with a website address.
All links pages contain the same links.
Every links page opens in a new window.
Most links pages tend to be specific and maintained by someone with an interest in that area.
Links site is up, news set on another page.
Some LinkScan features do require the ability to install and run CGI scripts.
Linkset validation is attempted for each linkset.
Linkville soils have less clay in the lower part of their sola.
Linkville soils have more sand in the upper part of the solum.
Linky dinky do.
Linn components are very special.
Linnaean binomials are in italics in the text, as are names of genes.
Most Linnaean species differ from one another to a far greater extent than do elementary species.
A linnet is a finch
Linnet also discovers that there is a large, but secret, worldwide network of winged people.
Linnet can help business clients to promote their goods and services on the Wide Web.
Linnet can provide hired equipment for an extra charge.
Linnet can supply analysed statistics from access logs on a regular basis.
Linnet has many first-person historical narratives for kids.
Linnets are finchs.
A linocut is a pattern
Linocut is printed from linoleum, usually backed with wood for reinforcement.
Linocut is the same technique using linoleum rather than wood.
Linolenic acid is a component of the defense response to both insects and pathogens.
Linolenic acid is an essential fatty acid.
Linolenic acid is an example.
Linolenic acid is fatty acid
Linolenic acid is found in cold-water fish.
A linoleum is a covering material
Linoleum contains calcium carbonate while lime is found in carpets.
Linoleum contains calcium carbonate.
Linoleum covers the floor in Latin.
Linoleum is degradable.
Linoleum is extremely durable, resistant to acid, grease, oil, solvents and cigarette burns.
Linoleum is surprisingly easier to lay.
Linoleum works best for the kitchen.
Linoleums are covering materials.
Linoleums are covering.
Linoleums are located in floors.
Linoleums are located in furniture.
Linoleums are located in houses.
Linoleums are located in kitchens.
Linoleums are located in mobile homes.
Linoleums are located in stores.
Linoleums are used for bathrooms.
Linoleums are used for flooring.
Linoleums are used for kitchens.
Linoleums are used for tile floors.
Linseed meal improves show bloom.
Linseed meal is the residue of flaxseed oil production, ground into a meal.
Linseed oil comes from flax seeds.
Linseed oil comes from flax.
Linseed oil has many uses, from paints to linoleum, oilcloth, soap, and ink.
Linseed oil is a drying oil and the most widely used.
Linseed oil is a great topical oil for any muscular damage.
Linseed oil is a little thick and needs to be thinned with turpentine.
Linseed oil is a transparent binder that dries naturally and can be applied in thin layers.
Linseed oil is an amber-colored oil extracted from linseed, the seed of the flax plant.
Linseed oil is an oil extracted from flax, and the term 'boiled' is misleading but very important.
Linseed oil is another old favorite that has lost favor in recent years.
Linseed oil is applied immediately to the red cedar plank to prevent checking in the dry air.
Linseed oil is extracted from the seeds of the same flax plant that produces linen for canvas.
Linseed oil is made from the seeds, as well as flaxseed poultices and tea, well-known home remedies.
Linseed oil is oil
Linseed oil is oil.
Linseed oil is the most common.
Linseed oil is the most widely used.
Linseed oil is used extensively when united with resins to make varnish.
Linseed oil is used much the same way.
Linseed oil is used to make linoleum, printing inks, soaps, varnishes and other products.
Linseed oil prevents bees wax from adhering to the wood, so keep the mouth piece area free from oil.
A linseed is a seed
Linseed is also helpful as well as being good for tendon and ligament health.
Linseed is in a category called fixed or non-drying oils.
Linseed prefers a warmer climate with less humidity than fibre flax.
Linseed varies much in size and tint - a yellowish variety occurring in India.
Linseeds are oilseeds.
Linsey dresses are the most suitable for children.
Lint rollers work equally well and canvas soft tops, too.
Lint rollers work great for picking up dust and particles off the table.
Lint build up is a fire hazard as well.
Lint build-up can cause a fire.
Lint enforces the type rules of C more strictly than the C compiler.
Lint impedes the flow of air and lengthens drying time.
Lint is debris.
Lint is fabric.
Lint is fiber
Lint is fiber.
Lint is located in pockets.
Lint is located in purses.
Lint is located in rugs.
Lint rollers - a weblog all about lint rollers.
Lint works like a compiler and has many of the same options as the C compiler.
Some lint is more valuable than others.
Linuix fanatics know better.
All linux distributions come with some kind of X server.
Most linux distributions come with it as it is over six years old and a standard part of binutils.
Some linux distributions have an incomplete perl installation.
Much linux documentation is available in machine readable formats.
Most linux installations use sendmail by default.
Linyphiid webs are usually flat sheets under which the spider hangs.
Lion attacks prompt state to respond.
Lion cubs are born blind, weigh about one pound and measure about one foot long.
Lion dance is a remarkable piece of performance art and sports.
Lion dance is also very common.
Lion dances bring good luck and add a note of festivities to the occasion.
Lion dancing is a traditional folk sports activity.
Lion dogs romp like puppies while dragons exhale smoke and shoot sprays of water at the audience.
Lion hunting is absolutely confidential and is done at random.
Lion hunting is all about challenging another creature.
Lion hunting is viewed by our society as bravery, skill, wisdom, and achievement.
Lion Island is a very productive sight for all forms of pelagic fish.
Lion leaders can apply principles and skills to organizational and leadership issues they face.
Lion tamarins appears to be restricted to primary lowland forest.
Lion tamarins are among the world's most critically endangered mammals.
Lion tamarins are in danger of extinction.
Lion tamarins eat fruit.
Lion tamarins eat sweet fruit.
Lion tamarins have a mane derived from long hairs on the top of the head, cheeks and throat.
Lion tamarins have diets.
Lion tamarins have long silky reddish, orange, golden, or buffy pelage.
Lion tamarins have molar teeth.
Lion tamarins have teeth.
Lion tamarins have vary diets.
Lion tamarins use fingers.
Most lion tamarins eat fruit.
Most lion tamarins eat sweet fruit.
Most lion tamarins have diets.
Most lion tamarins have molar teeth.
Most lion tamarins have teeth.
Some lion tamarins have sharp nails.
A lion is a cat
Lion also uses very thick plastic heated and drawn into the patch on the back.
Lion are common and the park is also famous for leopard.
Lion cub grows in house.
Lion cubs, lovebirds, a pygmy hippo and a zebra.
Lion eats lettuce, shreds it, and throws it out onto the audience.
Lion equals death.
Lion faces and statues placed near entryways serve to protect the residence and all who enter.
Lion fights very often huge packs of hyennas.
Lion gives Leader against barrel outside many easton bats or mercy toward little language.
Lion handle on black wood shaft.
Lion have strong teeth and jaws and are able to tear the meat with their sharp teeth.
Lion is for order, ship is for freedom and balance is for justice.
Lion is next to the tiger.
Lion is said to be the king of the jungle, and they are the most prominent in their territory.
Lion is the first worm to exploit that flaw.
Lion is up to date with routine shots, altered.
Lion isa feline.
Lion offers a range of solutions to help tackle the problem of alcohol abuse in the workplace.
Lion prides with a rich, reliable food supply can afford to be territorial.
Lion promote Situation in an destruction under whatever cupboard.
Lion springs from tree.
Lion walking right with left paw lifted, cross behind.
Lions adapt to development.
Lions also collect used hearing aids.
Lions also eat carrion.
Lions also encourage the local community to donate.
Lions also have a range of sounds they make.
Lions also have gender boundaries.
Lions also hunt primarily by stealth, and the most common method of killing it is by strangulation.
Lions also kill other intruders like leopards, cheetahs, wild dogs, and hyenas.
Lions also like to squabble and fight with each other.
Lions also make a strong commitment to young people and are instrumental in youth outreach programs.
Lions also roam Africa south of the Sahara.
Lions also scavenge food, chasing away hyenas and other carnivores from their kills.
Lions also use their teeth to eat and kill predators.
Lions ambush zebras.
Lions appear in heraldry more often than any other animal .
Lions appear in heraldry more often than any other animal.
Lions are . . .
Lions are a kind of big cat.
Lions are a major symbol of wild Africa.
Lions are able to take down prey three times their size.
Lions are about the only predators strong enough to bring down a healthy sable.
Lions are abundant.
Lions are active at night, mainly around sunrise and early evening.
Lions are adaptable.
Lions are also a model for another human social no-no, homicide.
Lions are also a natural at the gym, where they can show their stuff to a crowd.
Lions are also a threat to the cheetahs survival, for they kill off their young.
Lions are also animals who dominate other animals in nature.
Lions are also extremely aware of the subtle changes in posture of each other.
Lions are also opportunistic feeders, known to eat rodents, hares, small birds and reptiles.
Lions are also pack animals with fairly large prides of up to twenty.
Lions are also related to leopards and jaguars.
Lions are also the second biggest cats, behind only the tiger, in weight and length.
Lions are an apex predator and they are carnivores .
Lions are animals.
Lions are apex predators in the grassland ecosystem.
Lions are basically friendly, greeting each other by rubbing their heads and faces together.
Lions are best at efficiency.
Lions are big cats.
Lions are big cats.
Lions are big, powerful hunters.
Lions are brought out with the mother to learn to hunt by their first birthday.
Lions are capable of hunts.
Lions are capable of kill.
Lions are carnivores which means they eat meat.
Lions are carnivores, or animals that only eat meat.
Lions are carnivores.
Lions are carnivores.
Lions are celebrities.
Lions are classified as animals.
Lions are classified as big game animals.
Lions are classified as predatory animals.
Lions are committed to preventing blindness and visual impairment.
Lions are completely carnivorous and eat medium and sometime large animals when it can.
Lions are desirable to hunters because of the very real danger involved.
Lions are diurnal and nocturnal, and most hunting occurs at night.
Lions are famous for their sonorous roar.
Lions are felines.
Lions are finely tuned hunting machines that nature has perfected over millions of years.
Lions are for pins.
Lions are found in savannas, grasslands, dense bush and woodlands.
Lions are good climbers and can be seen resting in trees.
Lions are hardest on themselves.
Lions are highly territorial and occupy the same area for generations.
Lions are in Burmese style.
Lions are in the circus.
Lions are incapable of decimating a healthy herd of deer.
Lions are indisputably a formidable animal due to their size, their numbers, and their behavior.
Lions are inefficient killers.
Lions are inside Africa.
Lions are inside habitats.
Lions are just one type of species that use camouflage.
Lions are king of the jungle for more than one reason.
Lions are known to engage in sex to create bonds and interact with each other.
Lions are located in jungle.
Lions are located in paintings.
Lions are located in savannahs.
Lions are located in zoos.
Lions are mammals so they give birth.
Lions are mammals.
Lions are masters in saving energy.
Lions are meat eaters and they are well suited to a life of hunting.
Lions are meat eaters.
Lions are meat-eaters and prefer their menu fresh.
Lions are members of the world's largest and most active service club organization.
Lions are men and women who volunteer their time for humanitarian causes.
Lions are men and women who volunteer their time to humanitarian causes.
Lions are men and women who volunteer their time to serve humanity.
Lions are more likely to fail than succeed in their attempts to kill.
Lions are more social than most other cat species which are usually solitary by nature.
Lions are more successful when they hunt in groups for prey.
Lions are most active at night.
Lions are most active from dusk to dawn, although they travel and hunt in the daylight.
Lions are most affectionate to their like-sexed companions.
Lions are nervous and and temperamental.
Lions are nocturnal predators, much more active at night than during the day.
Lions are often alone, or when they do form groups, membership can change daily.
Lions are one of the great carnivores.
Lions are opportunistic, and carrion is easy food.
Lions are opportunists when it comes to feeding.
Lions are par for the course.
Lions are part of pride.
Lions are particularly good at hunting zebras and wildebeests.
Lions are people .
Lions are people who have decided to give something back to their community.
Lions are people who take responsibility seriously.
Lions are people.
Lions are plain scary.
Lions are predators that often eat weakened or diseased animals.
Lions are predators.
Lions are predominantly nocturnal.
Lions are primarily ground-dwellers, but occasionally climb trees for safety or to avoid insects.
Lions are primarily ground-dwellers, but occasionally jump up tree branches.
Lions are quite possibly one of the most fascinating creatures in the world.
Lions are rather lazy animals that spend much of the day sleeping under a tree.
Lions are regal and sheep are cute, but snakes are slimy and eerie and slither on their belly.
Lions are relentless.
Lions are remarkably catholic in their tastes.
Lions are scavengers, too.
Lions are sociable.
Lions are social animals that hunt and live in groups called prides.
Lions are social animals, living in groups called prides.
Lions are social animals.
Lions are some of the largest and most famous members of the cat family.
Lions are strictly meat eaters.
Lions are strong and pretty fast and they are good fighters.
Lions are strong fighters.
Lions are team hunters with lionesses doing most of the hunting.
Lions are territorial .
Lions are the kings of the beasts because they dominate the weaker animals.
Lions are the laziest of the big cats.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides.
Lions are the most social of the cat family.
Lions are the only big cats that live in large groups.
Lions are the only cats that live in groups, which are called prides.
Lions are the only cats that live in large family groups.
Lions are the only cats that live in mixed sex groups called prides.
Lions are the only cats to have tufted tails and male lions the only cat to have a mane.
Lions are the only cats to live in groups.
Lions are the only cats with manes, and only males have manes.
Lions are the only social big cats.
Lions are the only social cats, and their gregarious behaviour has long been a puzzle.
Lions are the only truly social cat species.
Lions are the primary competitors of spotted hyenas.
Lions are the worlds largest and most active service club organisation.
Lions are the world's most social felines.
Lions are the youngest major social service organization, yet have grown to be the world's largest.
Lions are there major predators.
Lions are unique among cats in that they live in a group, or pride.
Lions are unusual amongst the cat species because they are social animals, living in prides.
Lions are unusually social in comparison with other types of cats.
Lions are used for cartoons.
Lions are used for fables.
Lions are used for hunting.
Lions are used for safaris.
Lions are used for trophy hunting and hunted and poisoned by farmers who have lost stock to lions.
Lions are usually very quiet and solitary, except when mating.
Lions are very powerful and usually kill large animals such as deer and elk.
Lions are very powerful and usually kill large animals, such as deer and elk.
Lions are very pretty.
Lions are very scary animals.
Lions are very social animals while tigers tend to be lonely and to live by themselves.
Lions are very social cats and live in groups called prides.
Lions are very strong cats.
Lions are very strong.
Lions are very vocal and their roaring is audible over several kilometres.
Lions are voracious carnivores and commonly prey on browsers like antelopes, water bucks and zebras.
Lions are wild animals.
Lions are willing and anxious to give their time, energy and recourses in service to others.
Lions Are. . .
Lions assess the manes of other individuals during confrontations.
Lions attack animals.
Lions attack hyenas.
Lions attack solitary animals.
Lions attack wildebeests.
Lions attain the greatest geographical distribution of any terrestrial nonhuman mammals.
Lions automatically sharpen their claws on tree trunks.
Lions avoid humans.
Lions avoid predators.
Lions become mice.
Lions become sexually mature around the age of two to three years.
Lions become sexually mature at age two.
Lions belong to families.
Lions belong to the cat family.
Lions benefit from joint service projects by multiplying community service efforts.
Lions breathe air.
Lions can also represent the emotion of pride.
Lions can attempt the following tickler at their next meeting.
Lions can be an asset to any organization.
Lions can be difficult to work with.
Lions can be extremely fierce and, occasionally, as gentle and playful as kittens.
Lions can be very aggressive and competitive.
Lions can charge easily across open plains.
Lions can climb trees.
Lions can instead eat hard grains and so on.
Lions can instill in youth the value of international fellowship and knowledge of other countries.
Lions can live in cool climates and in the intense heat of semidesert areas.
Lions can participate in a wide range of such activities.
Lions can roar from any position, however, they generally tend to be standing.
Lions can run very fast for a short distance.
Lions can steal food from other predators such as cheetahs.
Lions capture prey.
Lions carry another disease that is very similar to a human disease.
Lions carry genes.
Lions chase calves.
Lions chase prey.
Lions chase zebras.
Lions clubs members give their time, skills, and resources to raise funds for charitable giving.
Lions cohabit only once in a year.
Lions come from Africa.
Lions come from all walks of life.
Lions come sexed and gendered, and the name says The Tin Woodman.
Lions commonly prey upon zebras and African antelope weighing twice their weight.
Lions communicate with each other in a wide variety of ways.
Lions continue to eat their favorite animals and snakes continue to bite people.
Lions cross back and forth between the two.
Lions defensive back the team stepping up and making the plays when they had to.
Lions desire mates.
Lions disperse from areas.
Lions distribute donor brochures and donor cards.
Lions do it with pride.
Lions do service activities that improve life quality in Finland.
Lions do sometimes become man eaters.
Lions do team up to hunt large prey, rear their cubs and frighten away rivals.
Lions do the scoring and the score sheet administration.
Lions drag the carcass to a sheltered spot beneath a tree or overhang to feed on it.
Lions drink water.
Lions ease up almost too early Sometimes coaches and players agree.
Lions eat animals.
Lions eat antelope, and wolves eat deer.
Lions eat antelopes.
Lions eat both fresh kill and carrion-dead animals or the kill of other animals.
Lions eat flesh.
Lions eat food.
Lions eat gazelles as well as many other animals.
Lions eat gazelles.
Lions eat giraffe.
Lions eat gnus.
Lions eat lambs.
Lions eat large mammals.
Lions eat large prey, such as gazelles, antelopes, zebras, wildebeests, giraffes, and buffalo.
Lions eat mammals.
Lions eat meals.
Lions eat meat.
Lions eat meat.
Lions eat once every three days, and they had just eaten, so the kudu was lucky.
Lions eat organ meat.
Lions eat other animals.
Lions eat prey.
Lions eat rabbits.
Lions eat sheep.
Lions eat small animals.
Lions eat zebras, and zebras eat plants.
Lions eat zebras.
Lions enjoy meat.
Lions enter territory.
Lions escape through incomplete fence .
Lions even kill people.
Lions exploit yet another weak opponent.
Lions face danger.
Lions Fall to No.
Lions feed in groups.
Lions feed on a variety of large and medium-size prey.
Lions feeding on a kill can be dangerous to people.
Lions fight for dominance, but they let the loser slink away in shame, like a one term president.
Lions find plenty of prey among the grass-eaters.
Lions find prey.
Lions finish second in the tournament.
Lions flank the northern steps and elephants the southern, leading up to the temple.
Lions follow gazelles.
Lions form gangs to kill other lions so they can gain access to the lionesses.
Lions gain advantage.
Lions gain reproductive advantage.
Lions generally move the carcass and re-cover it after each feeding.
Lions get a game, especially up front.
Lions get dinner.
Lions get faster, so gazelles get faster.
Lions give def.
Lions greet upon waking and whenever they meet after being separated.
Lions greet whenever they meet after being separated or upon waking.
Lions has-part backs.
Lions has-part marrow.
Lions has-part muscles.
Lions has-part necks.
Lions has-part noses.
Lions has-part tongues.
Lions have (part) brains.
Lions have (part) breasts.
Lions have (part) cell membranes.
Lions have (part) cells.
Lions have (part) chest cavities.
Lions have (part) chests.
Lions have (part) corpi.
Lions have (part) cytoplasm.
Lions have (part) ears.
Lions have (part) faces.
Lions have (part) heads.
Lions have (part) manes.
Lions have (part) nuclei.
Lions have (part) pads.
Lions have (part) paws.
Lions have (part) piluses.
Lions have (part) plasma membranes.
Lions have (part) rib cages.
Lions have (part) sections.
Lions have (part) skulls.
Lions have (part) sterna.
Lions have (part) vacuoles.
Lions have a built in sense of risk reward .
Lions have a different number of teeth and are part of another genus.
Lions have a light brown, tawny color.
Lions have a pungent predator odor.
Lions have a wide habitat tolerance ranging from desert conditions to fairly dense bush.
Lions have an important role in the park ecosystem because they prevent the overpopulation of deer.
Lions have an upper and lower respiratory tract.
Lions have bloody noses.
Lions have claws.
Lions have coats.
Lions have complex social structures.
Lions have diets.
Lions have dirty beige colored fur and rounded heads.
Lions have excellent night vision which is good for hunting.
Lions have expressive faces.
Lions have extensive ranges.
Lions have eyes.
Lions have food.
Lions have fur.
Lions have habitats.
Lions have kittens.
Lions have large paws.
Lions have life.
Lions have limit distribution ranges.
Lions have limit ranges.
Lions have mass.
Lions have massive shoulders and strong forelimbs, long, sharp claws, and short, powerful jaws.
Lions have nine distinct vocalizations including roars, grunts and growls.
Lions have noses.
Lions have other forms of communication as well, mostly used to mark territory.
Lions have paws.
Lions have ranges.
Lions have relatively short-legged, long and muscular bodies and large heads.
Lions have relatively short-legged, long, muscular bodies and large heads.
Lions have retractable claws which they use to catch prey and climb trees.
Lions have senses.
Lions have sharp teeth.
Lions have sharpe teeth.
Lions have short-haired coats of tawny brown, with the tail ending in a dark tuft.
Lions have social life.
Lions have tan coats.
Lions have tawny, or yellowish brown, fur.
Lions have teeth.
Lions have territory.
Lions have the satisfaction of knowing that they have made an important difference in many lives.
Lions have to flood themselves with water after gorging on a kill or their insides close down.
Lions have to hunt zebras and antelopes.
Lions have to start somewhere.
Lions have toes.
Lions head coach says the team needs a win against Green Bay.
Lions hear sound.
Lions help the sight impaired.
Lions hide in grass.
Lions however fight over a kill and they never wait for their females or young to eat first.
Lions hunt antelopes.
Lions hunt baby zebras.
Lions hunt buffalo.
Lions hunt for food.
Lions hunt gazelles.
Lions hunt prey.
Lions hunt together to provide food for the pride.
Lions hunt together, sometimes in packs of four or five to bring down a water buffalo.
Lions hunt various animals and usually hunt in prides.
Lions hunt zebras.
Lions inhabit a wide range of habitats, from open plains to thick brush and dry thorn forest.
Lions inhabit Africa and southern Asia to western India.
Lions inhabit grassland.
Lions inhabit in grasslands, savanna and other forests.
Lions intimidate most pet sitters.
Lions is a community service and social outlet for men and women of all ages.
Lions is a family orientated organisation.
Lions is a well-rounded and worthy recording with something for everyone.
Lions is a worldwide fraternal organization broken into regions in divisions.
Lions is nothing to roar home about.
Lions is the band's sixth studio release.
Lions is the low point of that decline.
Lions is the world's largest service organization dedicated to helping people with vision problems.
Lions is used with permission.
Lions kill animals.
Lions kill antelopes.
Lions kill cheetah cubs.
Lions kill cows, goats, and other livestock for food.
Lions kill dangerous prey.
Lions kill deer.
Lions kill food.
Lions kill giraffes.
Lions kill hyenas for no reason and simply leave the carcass to rot.
Lions kill large animals.
Lions kill large prey.
Lions kill leopard in Eastern Cape reserve.
Lions kill less young animals then hunting dogs or cheetahs, they concentrate on bigger animals.
Lions kill mountain sheep.
Lions kill only for food or when they are defending themselves or their young.
Lions kill prey.
Lions kill sheep.
Lions kills a significant number of juveniles each year.
Lions know very well that sugar can be there enemy.
Lions learn behavior.
Lions lift heads.
Lions like to eat other animals.
Lions like to eat the animal's soft entrails first and then move on to the rest of the animal.
Lions like to pick out one member of the herd that looks weak.
Lions live for up to thirty years.
Lions live for years.
Lions live in a social group called a pride.
Lions live in a wide range of habitats including plains, grasslands, forests, and even semi-deserts.
Lions live in Africa.
Lions live in Africa.
Lions live in africka.
Lions live in families.
Lions live in groups called prides and always a male lion is the most prominent member of the pride.
Lions Live in groups called prides and find a place to live for the rest thir lives.
Lions live in groups called prides dominated by one male, several females and their cubs.
Lions live in groups called prides.
Lions live in groups of three to thirty individuals, called prides.
Lions live in groups that are called prides .
Lions live in groups that are called prides.
Lions live in groups.
Lions live in habitats.
Lions live in jungle.
Lions live in open grasslands and woodlands.
Lions live in prides of related females with one or several males protecting their territory.
Lions live in prides.
Lions live in something called a pride and their bellows can be heard all around the land.
Lions live in the savanna of Africa south of the Sahara.
Lions live in woodlands, grassy plains, and in areas with thorny scrub tree.
Lions live on savanna.
Lions live together in groups called 'prides'.
Lions live together in groups called prides.
Lions look to extend dominance over Illinois before key games with Michigan, Wisconsin next month.
Lions lose the toss and have to kick off.
Lions love attention and like to play in water.
Lions love Porcupines.
Lions love the dusk.
Lions love to be in charge.
Lions love to rest and relax.
Lions mainly eat zebras, antalope, birds, lizards and the occassional elephant.
Lions mark territory.
Lions mark their territories by means of scent deposits, necessitating a good sense of smell.
Lions mark their territories either by urinating, roaring, or patrolling.
Lions mate sexually as a pride, raising the cubs as a community.
Lions never use money derived from money making projects for our own benefit.
Lions now survive in greatest number where humans are scarce.
Lions occasionally wander down the gorge.
Lions occur in open grasslands, dense bush and scrubs areas and woodlands.
Lions only nudge when they know the customer likes the item and it fills their needs.
Lions pay all administrative costs so that all funds raised go directly into facility construction.
Lions play a part in craft activities.
Lions pose threats.
Lions possess bodies.
Lions possess coats.
Lions possess genes.
Lions possess heartbeats.
Lions possess manes.
Lions possess power.
Lions possess strength.
Lions prefer meat.
Lions prey mostly on hoofed animals, although they occasionally consume fallen fruit.
Lions prey on a large number of animals.
Lions prey on livestock.
Lions prey on zebras, and zebras eat grass.
Lions prey upon buffalo.
Lions probably live throughout the park in summer.
Lions proclaim their territory by roaring and by scent marking .
Lions proclaim their territory by roaring and by scent marking.
Lions promote peace by serving where service is needed all over the world.
Lions protect territory.
Lions provide free trained leader dogs to legally blind adults.
Lions provide thousands each year with free quality eye examinations, eyeglasses and eye care.
Lions raise funds and give their time freely to help the less fortunate.
Lions raise heads.
Lions reach full maturity at around six years of age.
Lions rebound, win six of last seven.
Lions recognize each other by their signature roar.
Lions rely heavily on their ears for communication, finding prey and avoiding threats.
Lions rely on meat.
Lions represent open adversaries, serpents hidden adversaries.
Lions represent strength and courage.
Lions reproduce from the age of three years on.
Lions require cells.
Lions require water.
Lions ride exhausted horses.
Lions roam countrysides.
Lions running back discusses how the team failed to execute at times.
Lions running back discusses the quickness of the Tampa Bay defense.
Lions running back says the team has a hard challenge down the stretch making the playoffs.
Lions score seven unearned runs in the top of eighth to take the lead for good.
Lions seek meat.
Lions seek prey.
Lions seek shelter.
Lions seek water.
Lions seem to do both.
Lions seize prey.
Lions shake heads.
Lions shake manes.
Lions share ancestors.
Lions share common ancestors.
Lions show enormous strength.
Lions sing and the hills take flight.
Lions sleep about twenty hours per day, and usually hunt at night.
Lions sleep as much as twenty hours a day.
Lions sleep away most of the day because it is usually too hot to hunt.
Lions sleep twenty hours a day.
Lions span the globe and are the worlds' largest and most active service organization.
Lions speak dozens of languages and vary in nature and customs.
Lions spend much of their time resting and are active only about four hours every day.
Lions sponsor baseball, football, basketball, hockey, soccer and other sports teams for youngsters.
Lions sponsor money-raising activities to provide the necessary funds for qualified individuals.
Lions spot animals.
Lions spot furry animals.
Lions stalk prey.
Lions stalk the herds at calving time, preying on the weakest newborn calves.
Lions stand between three and a half and four feet tall at the shoulder.
Lions stand on legs.
Lions stand three feet tall at the shoulders.
Lions stand up and lambs sit down, lambs sit down, lambs sit down.
Lions stand up and lambs sit down.
Lions stand up for their rights, but also have no qualms about squashing others' rights.
Lions stand up proudly without grass or prey in the background to enhance their grandeur.
Lions still inhabit most of the northern India and Middle East up to the turn of the century.
Lions still live in the eastern part of central Africa and in southern Africa.
Lions subsist on diets.
Lions suggest deity in a variety of cultures, for instance.
Lions survive to adulthood.
Lions swallow food.
Lions take down prey.
Lions take over.
Lions take part in each fund raiser as volunteers.
Lions take prey.
Lions teach lesson programs emphasizing business and the American free enterprise system.
Lions tear and fight and scrap and cover themselves with blood as they eat their prey.
Lions terrorise farmers .
Lions thrive in Africa.
Lions thrive in ecosystems.
Lions thrive in environments.
Lions thrive on competition and challenge and they highly value productivity and success.
Lions typically find their prey via sense of hearing or simply visually.
Lions typically kill and feed once every four days.
Lions use a variety of vocalizations, most notably the roar.
Lions use jaws.
Lions use powerful jaws.
Lions use tails.
Lions use their roar as one form of communication.
Lions use thick tails.
Lions vary in color but are typically a light, yellowish-brown.
Lions vary in color but typically sport light yellow-brown coats.
Lions vary widely in their tastes, which tend to vary on a region by region basis.
Lions volunteer their time to humanitarian causes in their local and world communities.
Lions wait for prey.
Lions wander beaches and elephants slide down dunes on the coast of Namibia.
Lions want antelopes.
Lions want food.
Lions watch lionesses.
Lions watch lions.
Lions wear their emblem with pride.
Lions weigh lbs.
Lions win .
Lions win ninth-consecutive game.
Lions work in the area of sight conservation is carried out at many levels.
Lions work in the area of sight conservation is carried outat many levels.
Lions always begin at the tail of an animal and eat up toward the head.
Lion often fights other male lions.
Lions often hunt at night because they can surprise their prey more easily in the dark.
Lions often steal kill from hyenas.
Lions sometimes prey on giraffes.
Lions sometimes prey on zebras.
Lions usually have broad faces with large muzzles.
Lions usually have two to three young, born after a three and a half month gestation period.
Lions usually hunt at night and rest during the day.
Lions usually hunt at night, particularly at dusk and dawn, with lionesses doing most of the work.
Lions usually hunt at night.
Lions usually kill with a powerful bite below the base of the skull, breaking the neck.
Lions usually live in a group, called a pride, based on one or more family units.
Lions usually live in packs and the females almost always do the hunting.
Lions usually remove the viscera and eat the heart, liver, and lungs first.
All lions are animals.
All lions look very similar but they've evolved to adapt to their home lands.
Most lion tamarins use fingers.
Most lions are classified as animals.
Most lions are classified as big game animals.
Most lions are classified as predatory animals.
Most lions are inside Africa.
Most lions are inside habitats.
Most lions attack solitary animals.
Most lions avoid a confrontation.
Most lions avoid humans.
Most lions avoid predators.
Most lions belong to families.
Most lions carry genes.
Most lions come from Africa.
Most lions disperse from areas.
Most lions drink water daily if available, but can go four or five days without it.
Most lions drink water.
Most lions eat animals.
Most lions eat antelopes.
Most lions eat flesh.
Most lions eat food.
Most lions eat gazelles.
Most lions eat gnus.
Most lions eat lambs.
Most lions eat large mammals.
Most lions eat mammals.
Most lions eat meals.
Most lions eat meat.
Most lions eat organ meat.
Most lions eat other animals.
Most lions eat prey.
Most lions eat rabbits.
Most lions eat sheep.
Most lions eat small animals.
Most lions eat zebras.
Most lions enjoy meat.
Most lions enter territory.
Most lions face danger.
Most lions feed in groups.
Most lions find prey.
Most lions follow gazelles.
Most lions gain advantage.
Most lions gain reproductive advantage.
Most lions get dinner.
Most lions has-part backs.
Most lions has-part marrow.
Most lions has-part muscles.
Most lions has-part necks.
Most lions has-part noses.
Most lions has-part tongues.
Most lions have bloody noses.
Most lions have claws.
Most lions have coats.
Most lions have diets.
Most lions have extensive ranges.
Most lions have eyes.
Most lions have food.
Most lions have fur.
Most lions have habitats.
Most lions have kittens.
Most lions have large paws.
Most lions have life.
Most lions have limit ranges.
Most lions have mass.
Most lions have noses.
Most lions have paws.
Most lions have ranges.
Most lions have senses.
Most lions have sharp teeth.
Most lions have social life.
Most lions have tan coats.
Most lions have teeth.
Most lions have territory.
Most lions have toes.
Most lions have worms and are known for their high cub mortality rate.
Most lions hear sound.
Most lions hide in grass.
Most lions inhabit grassland.
Most lions kill animals.
Most lions kill antelopes.
Most lions kill dangerous prey.
Most lions kill deer.
Most lions kill food.
Most lions kill giraffes.
Most lions kill large animals.
Most lions kill large prey.
Most lions kill mountain sheep.
Most lions kill prey.
Most lions kill sheep.
Most lions learn behavior.
Most lions live for years.
Most lions live in Africa.
Most lions live in families.
Most lions live in groups.
Most lions live in habitats.
Most lions live in jungle.
Most lions live on savanna.
Most lions live, work, or own businesses in communities where the club meets.
Most lions pose threats.
Most lions possess bodies.
Most lions possess coats.
Most lions possess genes.
Most lions possess heartbeats.
Most lions possess strength.
Most lions prefer meat.
Most lions prey on livestock.
Most lions prey upon buffalo.
Most lions protect territory.
Most lions raise heads.
Most lions rely on meat.
Most lions require cells.
Most lions require water.
Most lions seek meat.
Most lions seek prey.
Most lions seek shelter.
Most lions seek water.
Most lions seize prey.
Most lions shake heads.
Most lions shake manes.
Most lions share common ancestors.
Most lions stand on legs.
Most lions subsist on diets.
Most lions survive to adulthood.
Most lions take down prey.
Most lions take prey.
Most lions thrive in Africa.
Most lions thrive in ecosystems.
Most lions thrive in environments.
Most lions use jaws.
Most lions use powerful jaws.
Most lions use tails.
Most lions use thick tails.
Most lions wait for prey.
Most lions watch lionesses.
Most lions watch lions.
Most lions weigh lbs.
Some lion tamarins face potential.
Some lion tamarins have nails.
Some lions acquire the habit of eating people.
Some lions are brave, some are cowardly.
Some lions are inside ecosystems.
Some lions are inside environments.
Some lions are inside forests.
Some lions are located in Africa.
Some lions are member of circus.
Some lions attract tourism.
Some lions become friends.
Some lions become intimate friends.
Some lions chase a chipmunk up a tree.
Some lions choose to chuckle When the going gets tough.
Some lions cross tracks.
Some lions do tricks.
Some lions drink seawater.
Some lions eat bison.
Some lions eat buffalo.
Some lions eat deer.
Some lions eat elk.
Some lions eat fish.
Some lions eat fruit.
Some lions eat grass.
Some lions eat hippos.
Some lions eat hyenas.
Some lions eat mule deer.
Some lions eat straw.
Some lions eat wildebeests.
Some lions escape from zoos.
Some lions face food shortages.
Some lions face shortages.
Some lions fight to death.
Some lions follow gnus.
Some lions follow parents.
Some lions follow sheep.
Some lions follow tracks.
Some lions get grind meat.
Some lions get lean grind meat.
Some lions get lean meat.
Some lions get meat.
Some lions give birth to offspring.
Some lions go to water.
Some lions have classifications.
Some lions have distribution.
Some lions have edges.
Some lions have effects.
Some lions have enemies.
Some lions have few natural enemies.
Some lions have global distribution.
Some lions have individuals.
Some lions have kilograms.
Some lions have layers.
Some lions have limbs.
Some lions have many opportunity.
Some lions have natural enemies.
Some lions have natural predators.
Some lions have negative effects.
Some lions have opportunity.
Some lions have powerful limbs.
Some lions have predators.
Some lions have spots.
Some lions have success.
Some lions hold a ball in their forepaws,others roar.
Some lions hunt young elephants.
Some lions kill adults.
Some lions kill buffalo.
Some lions kill cheetahs.
Some lions kill crocodiles.
Some lions kill hyenas.
Some lions kill impalas.
Some lions kill leopards.
Some lions kill livestock.
Some lions kill men.
Some lions kill pelicans.
Some lions kill women.
Some lions kill zebras.
Some lions leave mothers.
Some lions leave other passengers.
Some lions leave passengers.
Some lions live for around years.
Some lions live in caves.
Some lions live in dry places.
Some lions live in environments.
Some lions live in forests.
Some lions live in mountains.
Some lions live in parks.
Some lions live in places.
Some lions live in regions.
Some lions live in shelter.
Some lions live in valleys.
Some lions live in zoos.
Some lions lose paws.
Some lions occasionally kill livestock or dogs.
Some lions possess enemies.
Some lions possess lead.
Some lions possess something.
Some lions prey on bushbucks.
Some lions prey on penguins.
Some lions prey on salmon.
Some lions protect lions.
Some lions reach maturity.
Some lions reach sexual maturity.
Some lions require diets.
Some lions require habitats.
Some lions rest on backs.
Some lions rest on plants.
Some lions seek antelopes.
Some lions seek food.
Some lions share territory.
Some lions sit in water.
Some lions sit on stones.
Some lions stand in fields.
Some lions tend to lionesses.
Some lions tend to wild lionesses.
Some lions thrive in districts.
Some lions thrive in regions.
A lioness is a lion
Lioness isa lion.
Lionesses also take care of the cubs.
Lionesses are better hunters than males and do most of the hunting for a pride.
Lionesses are lions.
Lionesses are mainly responsible for hunting since they are swifter as compared to males.
Lionesses are polyoestrous females, as they can come to heat in any time of the year.
Lionesses are powerful animals who usually hunt in co-ordinated groups and stalk their chosen prey.
Lionesses are strong personalities too.
Lionesses are very skillfull in delegating tasks.
Lionesses bear three to five young, which become fairly independent after two years.
Lionesses chase zebras.
Lionesses commonly take meat from cubs.
Lionesses do nearly all the hunting for the pride, mostly in groups or pairs.
Lionesses have (part) brains.
Lionesses have (part) breasts.
Lionesses have (part) cell membranes.
Lionesses have (part) cells.
Lionesses have (part) chest cavities.
Lionesses have (part) chests.
Lionesses have (part) corpi.
Lionesses have (part) cytoplasm.
Lionesses have (part) ears.
Lionesses have (part) faces.
Lionesses have (part) heads.
Lionesses have (part) manes.
Lionesses have (part) nuclei.
Lionesses have (part) pads.
Lionesses have (part) paws.
Lionesses have (part) piluses.
Lionesses have (part) plasma membranes.
Lionesses have (part) rib cages.
Lionesses have (part) sections.
Lionesses have (part) skulls.
Lionesses have (part) sterna.
Lionesses have (part) vacuoles.
Lionesses have ability.
Lionesses have ages.
Lionesses hunting at night show predatory aggression, with minimal threat displays.
Lionesses hunting in a group can throw a giraffe off balance.
Lionesses hunting in packs can take down fully-grown animals of prey species.
Lionesses normally give birth every two years.
Lionesses occupy positions.
Lionesses prefer to hunt zebras because they are slower than antelopes and impalas.
Lionesses share the responsibility of raising their young and often feed and clean eachother's cubs.
Lionesses stalk prey.
Lionesses often hunt in small groups increasing their success.
Most lionesses have ability.
Most lionesses have ages.
Most lionesses have cubs by the age of four.
Some lionesses have fractures.
Some lionesses have multiple fractures.
Some lionesses kill american women.
Some lionesses kill women.
Some lionesses kill zebras.
Some lionesses stalk newborn calves.
Some lionesses take care.
Lionfish populations are healthy and their distribution is growing, thanks mostly to human activity.
Lionfish toxin can indeed cause anaphalactic reactions much like bee stings can.
A lionfish is a bony fish
Lionfish also are believed to pose high risks to the local reef communities.
Lionfish also possess an equally evolved defence mechanism.
Lionfish ambush their prey, and often herd fish, shrimp, or crab into a corner before swallowing.
Lionfish are actually posionous fish, and their sting can be very painful.
Lionfish are beautiful but dangerous.
Lionfish are found in the South Pacific Ocean .
Lionfish are good hunters.
Lionfish are now one of the top predators in many coral reef environments of the Atlantic.
Lionfish are uninvited visitors in Atlantic waters.
Lionfish have a keen interest in small marine animal life, all of which they regard as lunch.
Lionfish have cycloid scales .
Lionfish live at coral reefs near islands in the Pacific Ocean.
Lionfish live in the warm waters of coral reefs around the world.
Lionfish swarm our coast.
Lionfishes are boldly colored in red, white and black.
Lionfishes evidently consider themselves top reef dogs.
Lions clubs are neither religious, political nor organized for business purposes.
Lions clubs collect and distribute glasses throughout the world.
A liothyronine is a thyroid hormone
Liothyronine is readily available to body tissues.
Lip advancement is a poor choice for males in almost all cases.
Lip augmentation is performed under local anesthesia on an outpatient basis.
A lip balm is salve
Lip balm comes in tubes and small pots with screw-on lids .
Lip balm comes in tubes and small pots with screw-on lids.
Lip balm is also a good idea.
Lip balm is easy to make.
Lip balm is like oil or cream.
Lip balm is used to prevent the sensitive skin on our lips from drying out.
Lip balm is very easy to make.
Lip balms are also effective.
Lip balms are ointment.
Lip balms can be use to moisturize and soften cold sores so they are less likely to crack and bleed.
Lip balms can help protect some people from getting cold sores.
Lip balms prevent burning and chapping.
Many lip balms come with sunscreen protection and can help prevent cracking and burning.
Lip buzz is a muscular action.
Lip color creates a distinguished focal point on the face.
Lip color is nice.
Lip colour is almost as important as eye make-up.
Lip formation takes place between the fourth and seventh week in utero.
Lip gloss kisses off after one kiss, and needs many touch ups.
Lip grooves are as distinctive as the grooves in fingerprints.
Lip hinge is a full width design to maximize strength and to withstand the dynamic forces.
Lip lesion have the highest rate of metastasis in squamous cell carcinoma.
Lip lines are the very worst.
Lip liner adds definition and corrects asymmetry.
Lip liner can also prevent lipstick from bleeding.
Lip liner helps to define our lips.
Lip liners are fashion.
Lip localization is based on invariants of the face.
Lip marks are a sure sign that mullet have been feeding.
Lip masks help exfoliate the dry skin that causes chapped lips.
Lip pencils look great on some people and awful on others.
Lip pigment is black.
Lip prints are identified in six different ways based on the wrinkles and grooves on the lip.
Lip prints are similar to fingerprints but they are also very different.
Lip protection is particularly fashionable.
Lip protection needs to be applied far more often than skin sunblock.
Lip reading can be an invaluable aid.
Lip reading is a lot like playing a musical instrument.
Lip reading is also a low-tech but important resource.
Lip reading is beneficial only when used in conjunction with other communication systems.
Lip reading is little short of miraculous.
Lip reduction is a simple, effective operation.
Lip repair is performed at approximately three months of age.
A lip rouge is makeup
Lip rouge contains UV absorbents and collagen to protect delicate lips.
A lip service is misrepresentation
Lip service has no place here.
Lip service is easy, walking the path is a long road.
Lip service is easy.
Lip service is given to the ideals, and blind devotion to the logo.
Lip service is in great abundance here.
Lip service is never enough.
Lip service is no service at all.
Lip service is paid to individual differences, but in reality they are largely ignored.
Lip service isnt good enough anymore.
Lip size is linked to sexual attraction in both men and women.
Lip slurs are the blood of brass players.
Lip smacking is associated with affiliative behavior.
Lip smacking is exhibited by some horses when under saddle or in unfamiliar environments.
Lip smacking is thought to be indicative of mild excitement and is considered to be a nuisance vice.
Lip stains are fun in berry.
Lip tattoos are about the easiest to alter and they also fade over time.
Lip tattoos wear well for approximately four to five years and fade over time.
Lip thickness is the same as offset only when frame and door thickness are the same.
Lip tissue contains salivary glands and is the anatomic location of choice for biopsy.
Lip tissue is mucous membrane, unlike ordinary skin.
A lip is a body part
A lip is an organ
LiP acts by a free radical mechanism, and has been shown to degrade a wide range of pollutants.
Lip isa body part.
Lip isa organ.
Lips Add a new layer.
Lips Adds Up the Cost.
Lips also have mass, and a mass and a spring together can oscillate.
Lips also look plumper and fuller.
Lips also show emotions .
Lips also show emotions.
Lips are a combination of many many muscles.
Lips are a little open.
Lips are a thin slash of red, the only red save the diamond shapes of the quilt.
Lips are a transitional tissue - an evolutionary combination of facial skin and oral membrane.
Lips are a very important part of a female appearance.
Lips are a very sensuous part of the body and look attractive.
Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of humans and many animals.
Lips are absent.
LIPs are areas where magma wells up from deep beneath Earth's surface and forms molten rock.
Lips are black and tight.
Lips are black and tightly closed.
Lips are black in the blue and tans and brown in all other solid and bi-colors.
Lips are black or dark brown, flews are tight, and whiskers are white.
Lips are black, fine, never drooping.
Lips are black.
Lips are body parts.
Lips are bright and eyes are dark and smoky.
Lips are clean and close-fitting.
Lips are clean and tight.
Lips are closed.
Lips are close-fitting with dark pigment.
Lips are close-fitting, with dark pigment.
Lips are dry and tight with no flews.
Lips are easier to see if the person uses a contrast pen or lipstick.
Lips are either in red or natural - with very little in between.
Lips are full and deep yet are never flewy.
Lips are full and deep, never flewy.
Lips are hyperemic.
Lips are lean and close.
Lips are located in bodies.
Lips are located in cans.
Lips are located in faces.
Lips are located in human faces.
Lips are located in humans.
Lips are located in motion.
Lips are located in mouths.
Lips are margins.
Lips are moderately thick, tight, and dry.
Lips are never easy to recreate.
Lips are often crude and appear hand tooled.
Lips are ovate to lanceolate or oblong in general outline, but with a marked median constriction.
Lips are part of mouths.
Lips are rare in fish, most species have a hard edge to their mouth.
Lips are silent.
Lips are skin too.
Lips are skin.
Lips are slightly too long.
Lips are solid objects.
Lips are the most provocative feature on our face .
Lips are thick and moderately pendulous.
Lips are thick and tight in front, with dark pigment.
Lips are thick, dry and tight.
Lips are thin and tight and the color of the nose.
Lips are thin and tight with dark pigment.
Lips are thin and tight with pigment to match the nose.
Lips are thin, dry, well fitted.
Lips are thin, especially when smiling.
Lips are tight and are black in color.
Lips are tight and black.
Lips are tight and clean.
Lips are tight and darkly pigmented.
Lips are tight fitting with the upper lip just covering the lower lip.
Lips are tight with black or liver pigment appropriate to coat color.
Lips are tight with no flews, and are darkly pigmented.
Lips are tight with no flews, and darkly pigmented.
Lips are tight with no flews.
Lips are tight with no hint of flews.
Lips are tight.
Lips are tight-fitting and jaws are broad.
Lips are tight-fitting to avoid drooling and subsequent ice formation on the lips.
Lips are tightly closed and teeth meet in a scissors bite.
Lips are used for communicates.
Lips are used for eating functions, like holding food or to get it in the mouth.
Lips are used for flappings.
Lips are used for licking.
Lips are used for pleasure.
Lips are used for smoking.
Lips are used for speaking.
Lips are used for speaks.
Lips are used for sucks.
Lips are used for tastings.
Lips are used for whistlings.
Lips are vascular structures and they feel like tapioca when palpated.
Lips are very full.
Lips are very psychologically-sensitive areas.
Lips are very sensitive to touch, warmth, and cold.
Lips are well pigmented and close fitting.
Lips are yellow and eyes are black.
Lips become erythematous and fissured.
Lips become soft, silky and supple.
Lips Begin examination by observing the lips with the patient's mouth both closed and open.
Lips -Black, tight with little or no fullness.
Lips bolt the ballot licking the surplus.
Lips can also burn easily, get nasty wrinkles and are prime targets for skin cancer.
Lips can become sensitive to ingredients in lipsticks, toothpastes or chapped lip medications.
Lips can compensate without full intervention of a mind.
Lips can get dry and chapped in the sun and wind.
Lips can never tan, but they easily burn.
Lips can only utter words, but the deceit of lies comes forth from the heart.
Lips can resist air much greater than systems behind can provide.
Lips close mouths.
Lips come in all shapes and sizes, so there are obviously different application processes.
Lips cover mouths.
Lips cover the jaws completely but are neither loose nor pendulous.
Lips defile a white wall as the woman negotiates.
Lips desire a radio.
Lips express what is hidden in the heart.
Lips fall away in a curve toward the throat, and are neither pendulous nor squared off.
Lips feel soft and smooth for hours.
Lips get red, cheeks get rosy.
Lips get their shape in part from collagen.
Lips hang squarely in front, forming right-angle with upper line of foreface.
Lips harbor a sail.
Lips have (part) corpi.
Lips have (part) lobes.
Lips have a sexual connotation.
Lips have grooves.
Lips have minor rub.
Lips have muscles.
Lips have no landscape.
Lips have no natural lubricant of their own.
Lips have no oil glands and only a very thin keratin layer to prevent moisture loss.
Lips have very few oil glands, and are therefore prone to early wrinkling.
Lips help to hold food in.
Lips indulge in houses.
Lips join and disjoin.
Lips lift up even a bad simle.
Lips look like butterfly wings.
Lips meet exactly at the center of the buttonhole.
Lips meet tenderly and the world disappears, Taking it all insecurities and fear.
Lips move down to the clitoris.
Lips move in silent question.
LIPs occur when continents are converging and diverging.
Lips pack a glossy punch in shades of glittery hot pink and red.
Lips precipice our blond brick femur.
Lips protect mouths.
Lips protect the teeth.
Lips surround mouths.
All lips are mute and all hearts are touched.
Many lips curl from pride of knowledge.
Most lips cover mouths.
Most lips have grooves.
Most lips have muscles.
Most lips protect mouths.
Most lips surround mouths.
Some lips contain hydrophobic substances.
Some lips contain substances.
Some lips divide into lobes.
Some lips have differentiations.
Some lips have dots.
Some lips have hooks.
Some lips have pads.
Some lips have stripes.
Some lips have white stripes.
Some lips have yellowish dots.
Some LIPs receive help from other sympathetic lawyers.
Some lips sit on sides.
A lipase is an enzyme
Lipase isa enzyme.
Lipase rises later in serum than does amylase so it is secondary test for pancreatitis .
Lipase works only on fats.
Lipases are a group of enzymes already frequently used as catalysts.
Lipases are a group of enzymes that break dietary fat down into smaller units.
Lipases are also present in breast milk.
Lipases are enzymes that catalyze the hydrolysis of fats and oils to free fatty acids and glyserol.
Lipases are enzymes that hydrolyze esters of long chain fatty acids.
Lipases are enzymes.
Lipases are essential for the digestion , transport and processing of lipids in the diet .
Lipases are essential for the digestion, transport and processing of lipids in the diet.
Lipases are normally present in raw milk, but are inactivated during pasteurization.
Lipases are used in the degreasing operation to hydrolyze fat particles embedded in the skin.
Lipases attack the bond between the glycerol molecule oxygen and the fatty acid.
Lipases digest lipids.
Lipases have (part) atoms.
Lipases have (part) chemical chain.
Lipases have (part) chemical groups.
A lipectomy is an operation
Lipectomies are plastic surgery.
Lipectomy is an entirely different procedure where an incision is made and the fat excised.
Lipectomy is basically a cosmetic operation.
Lipectomy removes fat bulges, such as the orange peel-like fat bumps on the back of the thigh.
Lipid biosynthesis occurs in the smooth endoplasmic reticulum.
Lipid bodies accumulate at later stages of development.
Lipid cell membranes present barriers.
Lipid disorders are reported as common in dogs.
Lipid disorders are risk factors for heart disease, the leading cause of death in the United States.
Lipid disorders is one of the major risk factors for people with diabetes.
Lipid disorders lead to the development of atherosclerosis, America's number one killer.
Lipid droplets assist in the movement of substances across the integument.
Lipid membrane contains more saturated fats to keep stacking and membrane intact.
Lipid membrane contains more unsaturated fatty acids to prevent solidifcation.
Lipid metabolism is altered by disease processes affecting the pancreas and glucose homeostasis.
Some lipid oxidation is mediated by proteins.
Lipid rafts act as specialised domains for tetanus toxin binding and internalisation into neurons.
Lipid storage allows Daphnia to get through periods of low food availability.
A lipid is a molecule
A lipid is an organic compound
Lipid isa compound.
Lipids accumulate and form small lipid droplets.
Lipids allow buoyancy as they are less dense than water and help some animals float in water.
Lipids also increase buoyancy and can reduce the energy required for swimming.
Lipids also maintain the structure and support of our organs.
Lipids also protect the body's organs from shock and damage and provide insulation for the body.
Lipids are a type of fat and fats are considered carbohydrates which are organic compounds.
Lipids are a type of fat.
Lipids are a varied group of molecules most of which are insoluble in water.
Lipids are also on the external surface of the cell wall to protect the wall from injury.
Lipids are also useful in buoyancy because they float, and as insulation from the cold.
Lipids are an essential component in all the body's cells.
Lipids are another energy source found in plants.
Lipids are broken down into fatty acids and glycerol by lipases .
Lipids are classified as simple and complex .
Lipids are classified as simple and complex.
Lipids are composed offatty acids attached to glycerol.
Lipids are discussed in some detail in the next section.
Lipids are fats in the bloodstream and in all of the body's cells.
Lipids are fats oils and waxes.
Lipids are fats or fat-like substances found in plants and animals.
Lipids are fats or fatlike substances.
Lipids are fats, and the term is usually used to refer to both cholesterol and triglycerides.
Lipids are fats, and waxes.
Lipids are fats.
Lipids are fatty substances that play a variety of roles in the cell.
Lipids are fatty substances, such as cholesterol, found in the blood.
Lipids are greasy organic compounds that circulate in the bloodstream.
Lipids are hydrophobic.
Lipids are important constituents of all living organisms.
Lipids are insoluble in water and consist of fats.
Lipids are largely hydrocarbons, long chains of carbon atoms with associated hydrogens.
Lipids are long chains of carbon and hydrogen molecules .
Lipids are long chains of carbon and hydrogen molecules.
Lipids are macromolecules.
Lipids are molecules that dissolve in non-polar solvents like hexane or ether.
Lipids are nonpolar, hydrophobic molecules.
Lipids are oily substances, known as chief ingredients of the cell's membranes.
Lipids are one of the functional components of all living things.
Lipids are organic compounds that are non polar and have a unique way in storing energy.
Lipids are organic matter.
Lipids are organic molecules that are insoluble in polar solvents such as water.
Lipids are organic molecules that dissolve in organic solvents.
Lipids are physiologically active.
Lipids are polymers.
Lipids are present and located in the envelope.
Lipids are present in all living cells, but the proportion varies from tissue to tissue.
Lipids are present in cartilage but their function is unknown.
Lipids are produced by glands.
Lipids are produced by mammary glands.
Lipids are the fat-like components of cell membranes, an essential element of all living organisms.
Lipids are the fats that circulate in blood.
Lipids are the free fatty acid fractions in the blood, including cholesterol and triglycerides.
