Air can come in through gaskets or valves above the fluid line.
Air can come up under the pile.
Air can contain strong acids such as sulfuric and nitric acids.
Air can contain varying amounts of moisture depending upon the relative humidity.
Air can contains many gases including water vapor.
Air can dissect upward into the neck as well.
Air can enter around and through the best window.
Air can enter or leave the system through the pickholes.
Air can enter our bodies through our mouths and noses.
Air can enter the body through the nostrils and the mouth.
Air can enter the middle ear through the ventilation tube.
Air can enter the system through any break in the fuel line or through a bleedback condition.
Air can enter the system two ways.
Air can enter the water-conducting passages through the injuries and restrict water uptake.
Air can escape from the inside because there are very tiny holes in the eggshell.
Air can exert tremendous pressures as it heats and expands.
Air can flow freely through the open input valve into the pump.
Air can flow through perforated panels and can be exhausted in a sub-floor area.
Air can get in, but most of the water gets recycled in the container rather than evaporating away.
Air can hold more moisture at a high temperature than at a low one.
Air can hold only a certain amount of water vapor at a given temperature .
Air can hold only a certain amount of water vapor at a given temperature.
Air can hold only a certain amount of water vapour at any given temperature.
Air can infiltrate through cracks around doors and windows.
Air can leak around doors and windows, foundations, chimneys, exterior plumbing, etc.
Air can move freely between smoking and nonsmoking sections, carrying smoke with it.
Air can only hold a certain amount of water vapor.
Air can only reach the lungs by way of the mouth.
Air can seep in around the edges and cause spoilage and mold.
Air can spread minute bacteria, fungus, spores and viruses as well as infectious micro-organisms.
Air can then easily pass through the vocal folds into the lungs.
Air can then get to the seed.
Air can then pass the socket and flow upwards to the anode fins.
Air can thus circulate upward through the pots.
Air can yearn for the fire, water can yearn for the fire, earth can yearn for the fire.
Air carries heat.
Air carries moisture away from the grain, and higher airflow rates give higher drying rates.
Air carries moisture that can condense.
Air carries much less energy than water, however, so much more of it is needed to spin rotors.
Air carries sound.
Air carries the blessed curse of unlimited potential.
Air carries the pollen from the male structures to the female ones.
Air carries vapour.
Air carries water vapour.
Air carrying precipitation, or water in the clouds, also comes from the Gulf of Mexico.
Air causes air pressure.
Air causes air.
Air causes erosion.
Air causes freezer burn, loss of nutrients and shortens storage life.
Air causes low pressure.
Air causes pressure.
Air causes updrafts.
Air changes liquids.
Air charging equipment for large pressure tanks can be a headache.
Air chilled chicken is the way to go.
Air circulates up from the floor level through the tubing and then flows out the top into the room.
Air circulating fans allow for human comfort at higher temperatures.
Air circulating fans allow human comfort at higher temperatures.
Air circulating fans make the human body feel cooler by radiation.
Air circulating through the blade cools the metal in a turbine's hottest stages.
Air cleaning takes place in three stages.
Air clearly cools down the fastest, followed by alcohol, then water.
Air Come up high into the air to get the big picture.
Air comes in by abdominal slits.
Air comes in contact.
Air comes in from the sides of the tower and passes by the falling water.
Air comes in only through a think opening under the door.
Air comes in the spiracles and goes to trachea, or tubes.
Air comes in through shaft packing, flanges, and valves above the water line.
Air comes in through the side or first roof vent in a scoop toward the wind.
Air comes in, again because there is more space to fill.
Air comes into contact.
Air comes into lungs.
Air comes into tracheae.
Air coming directly out of a compressor is hot.
Air coming from the Pacific is generally moist, while air coming overland is often dry.
Air coming in contact with our skin conducts away heat.
Air coming in the windows at night cools the concrete walls and tile floor.
Air compresses easily as the pressure inside the brake lines increases.
Air compresses the water and creates a cushion.
Air conditioned cars are very rare.
Air conditioned houses are usually too dry for carnivorous plants.
Air conditioned rooms are acceptable so long as the bird is kept away from direct airflow.
Air conditioned rooms are available on request.
Air conditioned rooms are available.
Air conditioned rooms have TVs and telephones, and, upon request, microwaves and refrigerators.
Air conditioned rooms offer cool comfort after a day of jungle trekking and water sports.
Air conditioned rooms, all have televisions.
Air conditioned units are in short supply and requires an additional fee.
Air conditioning with the auxiliary rear unit is standard.
Air conducts heat poorly.
Air conducts heat.
Air consists of gases.
Air consists of nitrogen.
Air consists of oxygen.
Air consists of percent nitrogen.
AIR contain general accepted engineering data and information.
Air containing intercellular spaces are absent.
Air containing volatile organic compounds is pumped into the bioreactor as a food source.
Air contains air.
Air contains airborne particles.
Air contains carbon dioxide.
Air contains chemicals.
Air contains compounds.
Air contains dioxide.
Air contains gases.
Air contains hydrogen.
Air contains irritants.
Air contains mercury, especially in industrial areas.
Air contains moisture which when cooled, seeks to drop out on a surface as condensation.
Air contains nitrogen gas and oxygen gas.
Air contains nitrogen gases.
Air contains nitrogen, which is harmful for some steel grades.
Air contains organic compounds.
Air contains oxygen which is required to combust fuel.
Air contains oxygen.
Air contains oxygen.
Air contains particles.
Air contains percent oxygen.
Air contains pollutants.
Air contains vapour.
Air contains vital oxygen.
Air contains volatile compounds.
Air contains volatile organic compounds.
Air contains waste product carbon dioxide.
Air contains water vapor air.
Air contains water vapour.
Air contains water.
Air continues continues down the trachea, which branches into the right and left bronchi.
Air continues into the trachea.
Air continues to circulate through the air duct and evap.
Air continues to fill cavity, increasing pressure behind closure.
Air continues to flow down the larynx, the area where our vocal chords are found.
Air continues to pump through the cylinders to help cool the engine.
Air contributes to movement.
Air converges when it gets to the ground and turns counter clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere.
Air converging along an easterly wave initiates convection.
Air cooled systems use an aluminum finned air cooled condenser to do the same job.
Air cooling is generally acceptable.
Air cooling is possible.
Air cooling systems rely on heat sinks to pull the heat away from components.
Air cools further, encouraging cloud formation and greater snowfall.
Air cools the blood flowing through the velvet, which then helps to cool the bull's body.
Air cools the product during the whitening procedure and supports the discharge of the bran.
Air covers a larger area than all the oceans of water put together.
Air covers the land, and the sea, and goes way past the earth's surface.
Air creates atmosphere pressure .
Air creates atmosphere pressure.
Air creates bubbles under tip well resulting in a less than clear nail.
Air creates friction against the rocket and slows it down.
Air creates pressure.
Air creates sound waves.
Air creates sound.
Air creates vacuums.
Air creates waves.
Air creates whistle sound.
Air creates wind.
Air curing is accomplished mainly by mechanical ventilation inside buildings.
Air curing, used for many American cigarette and cigar tobaccos, takes six to eight weeks.
Air curtains consists of a specialized powerful fans mounted over a doorway.
Air cushioning offers maximum protection.
Air dates to be announced.
Air dates to be determined.
Air destroys food.
Air dissolves in liquids.
AIR DO . . .
Air does have a mass.
Air does leak in through tiny cracks, and water partially fills the cave.
Air does much less so because of both lower density and much lower viscosity.
Air does the same thing.
Air dries the color on the palette and makes it easier to paint onto the slick surface of the tile.
Air drifts from high to low pressure.
Air driven skimmers are great for smaller tanks.
Air drops merely meet the balancing condition of the tree.
Air drumming is a safe healthy habit.
Air dry a thinly spread smear and fix it with heat by passing slide through the flame of the burner.
Air dry again.
Air dry all canvas and vinyl items.
Air dry all dishes and utensils.
Air dry all items slowly inside to minimize cracking and splitting.
Air dry all items thoroughly before storing.
Air dry away from direct heat.
Air dry away from heat.
Air dry away from sunlight and sow as soon as possible.
Air dry completely and occasionally turn the ball to avoid puddles.
Air dry completely, while inflated.
Air dry completely.
Air dry empty cans and saturated rags, then dispose of according to local regulations.
Air dry it for a few minutes.
Air dry only on a flat surface covered in towels to absorb moisture.
Air dry only.
Air dry out of direct sunlight for best results.
Air dry rapidly.
Air dry slowly or freeze.
Air dry the article.
Air dry the boat and other equipment for five days before using in waters that are unaffected.
Air dry the box.
Air dry the capsules for a few days until they split open, collect the seeds and refrigerate.
Air dry the cells and count the plaques.
Air dry the collected tissue if necessary and then place it in the large mailing envelope.
Air dry the container or swab with paper towels.
Air dry the crystalline indole acetic acid.
Air dry the discs on supports that permit free circulation of air.
Air dry the dishes and utensils.
Air dry the DNA pellet.
Air dry the floor.
Air dry the garment in a location where air can circulate around it.
Air dry the garments and press with light starch.
Air dry the gel.
Air dry the now coated magnesium sludge, then crush it into powder again.
Air dry the nuts on a screen in the sun for several hours.
Air dry the nylon membrane and fix DNA to the filter.
Air dry the paraffinized sections overnight.
Air dry the pellets.
Air dry the plants for several days in a sunny location until a constant dry weight is obtained.
Air dry the pods, then remove the seed.
Air dry the print.
Air dry the sample before sending.
Air dry the sample overnight before sending.
Air dry the sample slide.
Air dry the slides, then fix in methanol for a few minutes.
Air dry the slides.
Air dry the soil and package separately in paper bags.
Air dry the soil and the clothing and package separately in paper bags.
Air dry the soil by spreading in a thin layer over a clean surface.
Air dry the stigmas as quickly as possible and store in a closed container away from light or heat.
Air dry the thin film, fix it with methyl alcohol, and immediately stain it.
Air dry to check if all the oil is washed out.
Air drying also happens swiftly and the paper has almost no curl at all when dry.
Air drying and floral pressing are age-old arts dating back to before Egyptian times.
Air drying and special packaging requirements are available.
Air drying dishes is more hygienic than drying with a dishtowel.
Air drying features and different operating cycles also are energy saving options.
Air drying feet and socks during the day helps prevent blisters.
Air drying helps to maintain healthy nipples.
Air drying is also less harsh on clothes than tumbling around in a dryer.
Air drying is appropriate if only a few items are involved.
Air drying is beneficial if time permits.
Air drying is the best way to dry the grille, but a hair drier on a low-heat setting can be used.
Air drying is the easiest and cheapest way to dry flowers.
Air drying is the easiest and most popular method of drying flowers.
Air drying is the easiest way to preserve flowers.
Air drying is the final stage in bringing forth a new personality into our family of textiles.
Air drying is the most energy-efficient procedure.
Air drying is the most popular method used to dry herbs.
Air drying is the oldest and easiest method, as there is no special equipment needed.
Air drying is usually best.
Air drying the area where possible is best, never wipe with a towel to dry.
Air drying without freezing is best for prints.
Air emits light.
Air endorse People despite liberty without a samsonite lawn furniture yet ask below most shops.
Air enhances respiration.
Air entangled threads are used in everything from quilting mattresses to sewing heavy denim jeans.
Air entering the inlet is compressed by the axial flow compressor having multiple stages.
Air entering the intakes around the pilots cockpit is deflected to the engine.
Air entering the nostrils is filtered by hairs, warmed and moistened.
Air entering the system is clean and dry.
Air entering through the pulsators, claw, system leaks and milk meters, if present, is quite steady.
Air entering via the air conditioning is equal by air venting outside.
Air enters a collector box inside the wing, going straight into the air filter.
Air enters a human body through the nostrils.
Air enters air sacs.
Air enters anterior sacs.
Air enters body openings called spiracles and travels through trachea into sinuses.
Air enters caudal air sacs.
Air enters caudal sacs.
Air enters cavities.
Air enters chambers.
Air enters cylinders.
Air enters mouths.
Air enters nasal cavities.
Air enters noses.
Air enters nostrils.
Air enters oral cavities.
Air enters our lungs and fills our bronchial endings to capacity.
Air enters rooms.
Air enters sacs.
Air enters the air passages trying to fill the vacuum, thereby, pulling air into the lungs.
Air enters the barrel by a bell-shaped chamber.
Air enters the body through a series of passages, beginning with the nose or mouth.
Air enters the body through nostrils in front of their heads.
Air enters the body through the nose and mouth and passes into the throat.
Air enters the body through the nose, is warmed, filtered, and passed through the nasal cavity.
Air enters the body through the nose, is warmed,filtered, and passed through the nasal cavity.
Air enters the bottom and is warmed up by the heating element.
Air enters the burrow through a small hole at the top of the dried mud.
Air enters the cavities through a tiny slit on each side and near the front of the abdomen.
Air enters the compressor through a filter-silencer, where it undergoes an initial pressure drop.
Air enters the containment through the inlet vent and is heated by the fuel.
Air enters the engine on the left and is compressed by a multistage turbine.
Air enters the grasshopper's body through the front spiracles and exits through the rear.
Air enters the hole and passes into a small lung-like cavity.
Air enters the hood via a breathing tube attached to the hood.
Air enters the insects body through breathing pores called spiracles.
Air enters the insect's body through valve-like openings in the exoskeleton, called spiracles.
Air enters the insect's body through valve-like openings in the exoskeleton.
Air enters the leaves through small holes in the leaves called stomates.
Air enters the lowering from both the warm inflow and the cool outflow sides.
Air enters the lungs through internal nares which are located high on the forehead.
Air enters the lungs through internal nares, which are located high in the forehead.
Air enters the mammalian respiratory system through the two external nares .
Air enters the mask and discharges out an exhalation valve mounted on the mask.
Air enters the nares and moves in the nasal cavity.
Air enters the nasal and oral cavities, and then flows through the pharynx, larynx and trachea.
Air enters the nose through the external nares.
Air enters the respiratory system either through the nose or mouth.
Air enters the respiratory system through the mouth and nose, where it is warmed and moistened.
Air enters the respiratory system when the chest expands.
Air enters the spiracles , and moves through the tracheal system .
Air enters the test section as a jet stream through a small annulus tube.
Air enters the tracheae by pores called spiracles.
Air enters the tubes through a row of holes along an insect's abdomen.
Air enters the unit and first passes through the pre filter where larger particles are collected.
Air enters through noses.
Air enters through nostrils.
Air enters through spiracles.
Air enters through tracheae.
Air enters trunks.
Air enters windpipes.
Air enters zones.
Air eventually sinks creating high pressures off the west coast of the Americas.
Air exerts a downward pressure, which is referred to as atmospheric pressure.
Air exhausted from the fan is turbulent.
Air exists in soil to varying degrees, allowing for water molecules to move into topsoil layers.
Air exists only in the spaces between the various components in the heap.
Air exiting from the constriction forms a jet.
Air exiting the test section is water-cooled and discharged through altitude or atmospheric exhaust.
Air exits the home through vents to the attic, which cools the attic and further reduces heat gain.
Air exits the model at the opposite end of the building.
Air exits the test section and enters the altitude exhaust system.
Air expanded lungs show both elastic and surface tension contributions to compliance.
Air expands and thus cools.
Air expands when heated so that a given volume weighs less than the same volume of cold air.
Air expands when heated, which makes it lighter than an equal volume of cool air.
Air expands when it is warmed becoming less dense than the surrounding air and therefore buoyant.
Air expands when temperature increases and contracts when it becomes cold.
Air expands when warmed and contracts when cold.
Air expands when warmed and contracts when cooled.
Air expands, and cools adiabatically.
Air experiences friction with the ground.
Air express extra.
Air expresses the qualities of communication.
Air extends to the top of the atmosphere and exerts pressure on all the air below.
Air falls in an anticyclone so no clouds are formed.
Air falls in high pressure areas.
Air filled lungs decrease electrical conduction.
Air filling the cells of the kite acts as the frame, there are no sticks.
Air fills air sacs.
Air fills available one hour before and after every trip, and by appointment.
Air fills cavities.
Air fills incl.
Air fills on site.
Air fills posterior sacs.
Air fills sacs.
Air fills the cavities and calcite decorations can begin to deposit.
Air fills the parachute as it opens.
Air fills up a bubble.
Air flow around an airfoil.
Air flow around and over a building causes variations in pressure around it.
Air flow away from a high is called anticyclonic .
Air flow outward through a wall, building envelope, etc.
Air flow over a liquid-coated surface.
Air flow through a building envelope can carry with it significant amounts of heat and moisture.
Air flowing north from the Gulf of Mexico brings plenty of moisture which increases the dew points.
Air flowing out of the subtropical highs towards the equator forms the trade winds.
Air flowing over a sensor can cause artificially low readings.
Air flowing over the blade causes both lift and drag.
Air flowing over the top of a wing also tends to flow inward toward the fuselage.
Air flowing past the wire cools the wire.
Air flowing through swollen or tight breathing tubes usually causes wheezing.
Air flowing through the condenser cools the freon.
Air flowing through the tail pulls the bottom of the kite in the direction that the wind is blowing.
Air flowing through the upper air space is filtered through filter sheets in the lower space.
Air flows around a low pressure region counter-clockwise in the northern hemisphere.
Air flows away from high-pressure regions called highs or anticyclones.
Air flows completely around line, aiding in cooling of fluids.
Air flows completely around the line, aiding in cooling of fluids.
Air flows easily, giving an excellent voice.
Air flows faster over the curved top part of wing than the straighter part below the wing.
Air flows form areas of higher pressure to areas of lower pressure.
Air flows freely through the airways.
Air flows from areas of high pressure to area of low pressure.
Air flows from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure to equalize the pressures.
Air flows from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Air flows from high pressure to low pressure.
Air flows from high to low pressure.
Air flows from hot to cold.
Air flows in and out of the lungs due to air pressure differences inside and outside of the lungs.
Air flows in, oxygen diffuses into the blood and carbon dioxide diffuses into the air.
Air flows in.
Air flows into airways.
Air flows into alveoluses.
Air flows into lungs.
Air flows into nostrils.
Air flows into surfaces.
Air flows into the air spaces through the stoma.
Air flows into the body whereupon oxygen is removed and transferred into the blood.
Air flows into the facepiece continuously to prevent contaminated air from leaking in.
Air flows into the low-pressure area counter clockwise.
Air flows into the lungs down the pressure gradient from the mouth to the alveoli .
Air flows into the tornado through the bottom and out through the top.
Air flows into walls.
Air flows out of lungs.
Air flows out.
Air flows over an airplane wing that is convex on the top and flat below.
Air flows over the surface of a car, over and under the body and through the engine and radiator.
Air flows over the vocal chords causing the vocal sacs to inflate.
Air flows over their vocal chords and into their vocal sacs.
Air flows through a series of conduction passageways that branch out from one another.
Air flows through channels.
Air flows through the lung in the same direction on inspiration and expiration.
Air flows through the lungs into the expandable air sacs.
Air flows through the middle ear 'til a cochlear impasse does appear.
Air flows through the reed valve and carburetor to fill the vacuum created in the crankcase.
Air flows through the rotating whirly.
Air flows through the soil and the oxygen in it is used by the microorganisms.
Air flows to lungs.
Air flows toward low-pressure regions called lows or cyclones.
Air flows up through and in over top of the sticks.
Air follows a one way path.
Air follows the contours and the tighter the packing, the faster the flow.
Air forced by the pump pushes the ball up the plastic tube, and gravity makes it come down.
AIR fosters the development of the producer community in the service of the open exchange of ideas.
Air freighting fish can add up to a dollar a pound to the cost.
Air generates powerful updrafts.
Air generates updrafts.
Air get back.
Air gets in, and the catsup comes out.
Air gets temperature.
Air goes everywhere.
Air goes in and out, blood goes round and round, any variation is a bad thing.
Air goes in but getting it out is the problem.
Air goes in through the middle and vents back around the fan body.
Air goes into lungs.
Air goes into nostrils.
Air goes through lungs.
Air goes through the hole.
Air goes through tracheae.
Air goes up in a low pressure system, taking evaporated moisture from the ground.
Air going by a hole the right size can cause whistling.
Air governs the magick of the four winds, most divination.
Air governs the magick of the four winds, most divinations, concentration and visualization magick.
Air handling equipment removes virtually all paint fumes from the booth.
Air handling unit provides air conditioning and ventilation for office area.
Air handling units can be floor or roof mounted.
Air has air pressure.
Air has atoms and molecules.
Air has capacity.
Air has concentration.
Air has conductivity.
Air has consequences.
Air has considerable power when placed under pressure.
Air has density.
Air has effects.
Air has high humidity.
Air has humidity.
Air has little moisture.
Air has little substance.
Air has low conductivity.
Air has low density.
Air has low pressure.
Air has low thermal conductivity.
Air has low thermal conductivity.
Air has lower overall pressure.
Air has lower pressure.
Air has mass, but it's relatively small per unit of volume.
Air has mass.
Air has mass.
Air has moisture.
Air has negative weight or no weight.
Air has oxygen.
Air has power to push and pull on the birds, balloons, kites and planes.
Air has pressure too.
Air has pressure.
Air has properties.
Air has quality.
Air has refraction.
Air has relative humidity.
Air has temperature.
Air has temperature.
Air has thermal conductivity.
Air has uniform temperature.
Air has volume, is matter, and can be measured.
Air has volume, mass, and density.
Air hates containment.
Air heated by return strokes expands quickly producing wave of pressure called thunder.
Air heated by the sun rises very swiftly, which creates areas of very low pressure.
Air held in place by tiny fibers, is the only effective body insulator.
Air helps keep the world warm enough to support life.
Air helps with the decomposing process as well as odors.
Air hisses out of their buoyancy vests as the divers sink like paratroopers into the clouds.
Air hits surfaces.
Air holding the maximum possible amount of water is said to be saturated .
Air holds air.
Air holds little moisture.
Air holds moisture.
Air holds more water vapor at a higher temperature than at a lower temperature.
Air holds very little water.
Air holds water.
Air inflate one latex balloon to desired size and pinch neck between thumb and index finger.
Air influences weather.
Air inlets The air inlet is the most important part of the ventilation system.
Air inside is free to circulate, so they tend to be poor insulators.
Air intake holes on bottom of rotor chamber help keep centrifuge cool during extended use.
Air intake in scoop beneath the rear section.
Air intake off south wall of building.
Air intake on side of motor hump.
Air intake slots on engine lid.
Air intake through air scoop on the roof.
Air is a beautiful sound.
Air is a discouraging medium for a marine animal, so lets suppose it sinks.
Air is a familiar mix-ture.
Air is a fluid that behaves just as do wet fluids such as water or oil.
Air is a fluid which moves in circuits, powered by unequal heating of large masses of air.
Air is a fluid, like water.
Air is a fluid, made up primarily of nitrogen and oxygen.
Air is a fluid, so wind behaves much like running water.
Air is a fluid, the term in physics to describe any gas or liquid.
Air is a food's worst enemy, oxygen reacts with enzymes in the apple causing it to turn brown.
Air is a free good, but clean air can become scarce due to contamination.
Air is a funny thing.
Air is a gas .
Air is a gas and has no defined shape and no defined volume.
Air is a gas and has properties, even though it is invisible.
Air is a gas
Air is a gas, and air has pressure.
Air is a gas, and gas fills spaces that are empty.
Air is a gas, water is a liquid, soil and minerals incorporate the solid.
Air is a gas.
Air is a good electric insulator.
Air is a good insulator.
Air is a great healer.
Air is a homogeneous mixture.
Air is a little sticky and resists the motion of objects going through it.
Air is a luxury only the rich can afford.
Air is a masculine element and governs the magick of the four winds.
Air is a medium just like water.
Air is a mixture of gaseous chemicals.
Air is a mixture of gases, milk is a mixture of solids and liquids, alloys are mixtures of solids.
Air is a mixture of gases.
Air is a mixture of gasses and it exists only as a gas.
Air is a mixture of gasses, mainly nitrogen and oxygen.
Air is a mixture of invisible, odorless, tasteless gases that surround the Earth.
Air is a mixture of many gases.
Air is a mixture of oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Air is a mixture of tiny gas molecules and small bits of solid stuff, like dust.
Air is a much better dielectric than solid polyethylene.
Air is a much more serious potential source of oxygen than is oxygen dissolved in liquid.
Air is a natural mixture in the gaseous state.
Air is a non-polluting and renewable resource.
Air is a notoriously poor conductor of electricity.
Air is a physical substance which has weight.
Air is a point-up triangle with a line through the middle, and is yellow in color.
Air is a poor conductor and is often used as insolator.
Air is a poor conductor as well.
Air is a poor conductor of heat, at least when compared to aluminum.
Air is a poor conductor, whatever the temperature.
Air is a poor thermal conductor, so the more porous the soil, the less that it can conduct heat.
Air is a poorer conductor of sound than either solids or liquids.
Air is a problem.
Air is a process gas as usually.
Air is a resistant medium just like water.
Air is a solution of gases.
Air is a spectator and commentator.
Air is a stubborn opponent to the diffusion and expansion of steam.
Air is a substance just as the dental floss or fishing line between the cups is a substance.
Air is a substance that has weight and moves and behaves like a fluid.
Air is a suitable ambient.
Air is a very different fluid from water.
Air is a very good insulator.
Air is a very poor conductor of heat.
Air is a very poor thermal conductor.
Air is able to penetrate to the center of the pile.
Air is above, breath below.
Air is absorbed by cells lining the middle ear, resulting in a vacuum.
Air is accelerated by the fluid drive and circulates around the annular body.
Air is accelerated downwards by a wings airfoil.
Air is accelerated in direction of the velocity if the pressure goes down.
Air is actually a mixture of many different gasses.
Air is actually a mixture of several different elements and compounds.
Air is added as an oxidant.
Air is added here to reduce foul odors that are are often associated with sewage.
Air is added naturally to rivers when water goes through rapids and over falls.
Air is added to create bubbles to study water movement.
Air is added to expand the colon.
Air is added to the mixture to stimulate microbiological growth.
Air is added to the tank to aid biologial growth and facilitate subsequent waste reduction.
Air is additional from some gateway cities.
Air is additional unless specified.
Air is additional with pre-planned international schedule from the east coast.
Air is additional.
Air is additionsl.
Air is add'l.
Air is air - there is no difference between the air outside and the air inside.
Air is air is air.
Air is already present in the trachea, ready for immediate use.
Air is already the default oxidizer.
Air is also a conductor of heat.
Air is also essential for many composting bacteria, so turning the pile is important.
Air is also fickle, contemptuous, sly, sneaky and dishonest .
Air is also important to the decomposition of any scraps placed in the bin.
Air is also necessary to sustain the decomposition.
Air is also very important in That it also plays a role in the growth of plants.
Air is always present during equipment startup and in boiler feedwater.
Air is an element too subtle and impalpable to afford protection.
Air is an essential ingredient of ice cream.
Air is an example of matter.
Air is an example of such a substance.
Air is an example.
Air is an excellent insulator.
Air is an excellent thermal insulator, but needs to be trapped, as in a blanket, to be effective.
Air is another important ingredient to healthy composting.
Air is another negative element.
Air is another of wine's enemies.
Air is approximate until booked.
Air is as much an enemy of wine as high temperatures.
Air is aspirated and the material is expelled on glass slides.
Air is aspirated until the patient begins to cough or no further air is removed.
Air is associated with mental processes and communication.
Air is assumed to be nothing.
Air is atmospheres.
Air is available at an additional cost from most major cities.
Air is available from most gateways.
Air is available from other cities.
Air is available in an unlimited supply.
Air is available in the park campground.
Air is available near the campground.
Air is available nearby.
Air is available with special air add-ons.
Air is available, inquire at time of booking.
Air is available.
Air is bands.
Air is based from Chicago.
Air is based on availability at time of booking.
Air is basically logical, creating abstract conceptual systems, maps and models of ideas.
Air is better insulation than fat except for deep-diving animals.
Air is blasted into the glob, pressing the molten against the sides of the mold.
Air is bled into the ship when green lights show that all hull openings are closed.
Air is bled into the ship when green lights show that all hull openings are shut.
Air is blended with the stock suspension in the injector.
Air is blown across electrically-heated coils, into ductwork.
Air is blown down the test section, enters the ambient space, and is then recycled.
Air is blown in at the bottom.
Air is blown in from above to form the final shape.
Air is blown into a room under pressure and the air leaving it is measured to calculate heat loss.
Air is blown into the balloon with a gas-powered fan.
Air is blown into the cathode chamber and hydrogen is forced into the anode chamber.
Air is blown into the form, forcing it to expand to the shape of the mold.
Air is blown into the heat chamber, heated, and then exits outdoors through a vent pipe.
Air is blown into the mixture to provide oxygen for the biological decompostion process.
Air is blown into the pothole to remove any standing water or loose debris.
Air is blown into the victim's nose.
Air is blown into the wind-chest through a rub ber tube.
Air is blown over the water to evaporate the iodine.
Air is blown through roons by fans.
Air is blown through the endoscope.
Air is blown through the lightning bolt and it gets heated up.
Air is blown through the seed to remove the light weight material.
Air is blown upward over the coil, causing a small amount of water to evaporate.
Air is both hot and wet.
Air is brought in the body through inhalation.
Air is brought in via a ventilator grille.
Air is brought into the body through spiracles located on each segment of the body.
Air is brought into the building through a fan and duct system, heated and circulated throughout.
Air is brought into the turbojet through the inlet at the left of the computer drawing.
Air is bubbled into the bottom of the solution to oxidize the calcium sulfite to form gypsum.
Air is bubbled through from the bottom.
Air is by far the cheapest food additive, and perfectly safe.
Air is by nature the safest and cheapest refrigerant.
Air is carried along on the rough surfaces of the sugar crystals.
Air is carried directly to cells by the tracheal tubes.
Air is channeled away from the vehicle undercarriage, eliminating recirculation of hot air.
Air is channeled over the hard palate and soft palate towards the opening of the trachea.
Air is clean.
Air is cleaned and recirculated.
Air is coffee's enemy.
Air is cold and very drying and needs to be balanced by moisture and heat.
Air is cold, a little damp.
Air is cold.
Air is complex.
Air is compressed and the temperature is increased.
Air is compressed by the engine piston.
Air is compressed in a compressor, pushing the air molecules close together.
Air is compressed into the tank above the spray liquid by a hand-operated air pump.
Air is compressible.
Air is conducted toward or away from lungs by series of cavities, tubes, and openings.
Air is considered to be a fluid.
Air is contaminated by droplets.
Air is cool and crisp.
Air is cooled adiabatically as it rises up the slopes of hills and mountains.
Air is cooled after every stage to assure high efficiency.
Air is cooled after flowing through the filters by four heat exchangers.
Air is cooled by compression and expansion.
Air is cooled down and the temperature at which condensation begins is measured.
Air is cooler and less toxic nearer the floor.
Air is cooler high up in the sky.
Air is corrected for distribution problems in the furnace.
Air is crisp, and bare trees make black lace against starry skies.
Air is critical as a source of oxygen gas and as a repository for excess carbon dioxide gas.
Air is crystal clear and the early moist is covering the grass.
Air is decomposed in the lungs and therefore thought.
Air is deflected towards the back of the wing, causing forward speed.
Air is delivered only when it is needed, during inhalation.
Air is difficult to own, it's a gas and hard to fence off.
Air is diffused down the back wall.
Air is directed to pads in the feet of the chair.
Air is directed toward low pressure at right angles to the isobars.
Air is directional from a central corridor through antechambers into separate animal holding rooms.
Air is distributed through ductwork to each room.
Air is drawn and supplied to a single region or zone in the home.
Air is drawn by the fans through the cone and into the plenum.
Air is drawn from the bow of the ship using a diaphragm pump.
Air is drawn from two metres above the compressor and is less subject to contamination.
Air is drawn in as it is served.
Air is drawn in at the center of the wheel and accelerated by the spinning blades.
Air is drawn in at the top of the unit.
Air is drawn in from outside into the detectors, where it is analyzed immediately.
Air is drawn in through the eaves and along the roof's underside, where it's heated by solar panels.
Air is drawn in through the openings on the side of the hair dryer.
Air is drawn into a ozone generator at which point the air is charged with high voltage.
Air is drawn into chamber and expelled by muscular action.
Air is drawn into the air sacs of the lungs, where oxygen from the air can enter the blood.
Air is drawn into the appliance by a fan, and the impurities are trapped in a filter.
Air is drawn into the column and the trays removed.
Air is drawn into the foam solution through an air inlet hole located on the foam maker.
Air is drawn into the hoist as it lowers.
Air is drawn into the inlet and deflected downwards into the acceleration jet of the impactor unit.
Air is drawn into the lungs, gas exchange takes place at highly vascularized sacs.
Air is drawn into the outer grill pattern and purified by intense corona discharge .
Air is drawn into the pharynx by muscle contraction that lowers the pharynx floor.
Air is drawn out of the unit through pre-filters mounted in the lower back panel.
Air is drawn past the operative, through the open door and into the machine.
Air is drawn through a compressor into several combustion chambers.
Air is drawn through a filter that collects dust and particulates.
Air is drawn through a filter to remove dust, smoke, and pollen.
Air is drawn through a virtual sheet of water from the posiflow system.
Air is drawn through the cell by a small pump.
Air is drawn through the filter and particles are trapped in the filter system.
Air is drawn through the front of the enclosure and exhausted out the rear of the system.
Air is drawn through the holes and is heated by the sun-warmed plates.
Air is drawn through the mouth and nose and then into the lungs.
Air is drawn through the open-ended vessel by an exhaust fan mounted at the lower rear end.
Air is drawn through the pores and forms an air cell at the larger end of the egg.
Air is driven from the jar or can during heating, and as it cools, a vacuum seal is formed.
Air is easily accessible to humans, because it covers the entire surface of the earth.
Air is elements.
Air is essential for odour free composting.
Air is essential in a healthy compost pile.
Air is essential to life.
Air is everywhere and takes up space.
Air is everywhere in the earth's atmosphere.
Air is everywhere one and the same.
Air is everywhere, man.
Air is excited by the thrill of trying something new.
Air is excluded so as to prevent contamination of the product with oxygen or nitrogen.
Air is excluded throughout.
Air is exhausted during processing and food shrinks.
Air is exhausted during processing, and food shrinks.
Air is exhausted from the receiver by the pumps shown, and the milk thus drawn down.
Air is exhausted out the rear of the enclosure.
Air is exhausted outdoors.
Air is exhausted through the back of the handpiece.
Air is existence without form.
Air is expelled from lungs.
Air is extra.
Air is faster and more expensive.
Air is fed through hoses.
Air is feeble fuel compared to water.
Air is feminine and has been associated with breath - the spirit or soul of all living creatures.
Air is filled with driving spray, greatly reducing visibility.
Air is filled with spray and foam.
Air is filtered twice before being vented to the outside environment.
Air is fluid.
Air is forced between the plastic and the cover and presses the material into the shape of the die.
Air is forced from between the pleats in accordance with the imposed signal, generating sound.
Air is forced in at the bottom to react with the coke.
Air is forced into a flexible plastic tube by depressing the plunger in the middle.
Air is forced into and circulated through the box from a series of holes within the floor.
Air is forced into the bottle to keep the water in motion.
Air is forced into the duct system by the fan which delivers air throughout the hay mow.
Air is forced into the heated parison, expanding the polymer to fill the shape of the mold.
Air is forced into the lungs by raising the floor of the mouth.
Air is forced into the rear cylinders while the front cylinders are still starved for air.
Air is forced into the vessel to thouroughly agitate the beads and break free the entrapped debris.
Air is forced out of the holes.
Air is forced out of the lungs back up the trachea and out though the nose or mouth.
Air is forced out of the sacs.
Air is forced out through open tracheae and the abdominal spiracles.
Air is forced out when the muscles relax.
Air is forced over each layer of the belts.
Air is forced over the wick, causing it to cool to the wet-bulb temperature.
Air is forced through a sample of kernels, which removes shriveled, lower density kernels.
Air is forced through the heat exchangers by a centrifugal fan.
Air is forced through the manure for three days.
Air is forced to move faster over the top of the wing, reducing pressure, to create lift.
Air is forced to rise and is warmed by the adiabatic process.
Air is forced up through the grate and the entire mass is ignited at relatively low temperatures.
Air is forced upwards through the material by two fans.
Air is found inside the egg in an air sac.
Air is free and independent, it is changing and keeps to itself.
Air is free.
Air is fresh.
Air is freshest immediately after a thunderstorm.
Air is from Seattle but other cities are available.
Air is fuel for a brass instrument.
Air is full of strange flying things.
Air is fundamental for everyday activities and healthy living.
Air is gases.
Air is good for children.
Air is good.
Air is heated and cooled at a central air handler in the basement.
Air is heated and then rises, often pushed upward by heavier, cooler air masses.
Air is heated as it moves between the rear of the heater and the wall.
Air is heated as it passes across the warming kiln elements.
Air is heated incidentally by a radiant heating system.
Air is heated instantly when an electric charge of lighting passes through it.
Air is heated instantly when an electric charge of lightning passes through it.
Air is heated instantly when an electrical charge of lightning passes through it.
Air is heated instantly when light passes through it.
Air is heated, compressed and forced through the turbine, producing electric power.
Air is heated, compressed, and forced through the turbine.
Air is heavier than water vapor.
Air is helpful to healing any wound.
Air is highly compressible.
Air is hot and dry.
Air is hot, very hot, very humid, sticky.
Air is humid.
Air is humidified in the lungs.
Air is important.
Air is in constant motion around the world.
Air is included from Cincinnati, Columbus, Cleveland, and Pittsburgh.
Air is inducted through the center vent and exits through side exhaust ports.
Air is inflated into the bowel to expand it and allow for careful examination.
Air is infused with the water at the pump impeller.
Air is inhaled and exhaled through the diver's nose.
Air is inhaled through the mouth or through the nose.
Air is inhaled through the nose and mouth.
Air is injected above the reburning zone to burn out combustibles while minimizing NOx formation.
Air is injected into the rings via bubbles released from the dolphin's blowhole.
Air is injected to distend or widen the passage.
Air is injected under the grate and at various heights above the grate.
Air is injected under the lid and drifts over the incubating tempeh to exit at the opposite end.
Air is inserted to expand the colon before X-rays are taken.
Air is inspired through the nostrils on the end of the trunk or through the mouth.
Air is instilled into the lumen where helium is normally inserted.
Air is introduced into a solution that is being held at an elevated pressure.
Air is introduced into the scope to aid in viewing.
Air is introduced through separate port on flange or body to deflate.
Air is invisible.
Air is just barely warm.
Air is kept humid.
Air is less dense than water.
Air is less viscous than honey, but the forces are still there.
Air is let into the flask.
Air is life, as life entails breath, it means breath.
Air is life.
Air is liquefied by passing it through a series of pressurized cooling systems.
Air is liquid upon waking.
Air is located in airports.
Air is located in balloons.
Air is located in bridges.
Air is located in buses.
Air is located in cupboards.
Air is located in houses.
Air is located in jars.
Air is located in lungs.
Air is located in mail boxs.
Air is located in pockets.
Air is located in skies.
Air is located in space shuttles.
Air is located in supermarkets.
Air is located in theatres.
Air is located in train stations.
Air is made o f ox ygen and carbon dioxide.
Air is made of gas, the water is made of liquid and the toy is a solid.
Air is made of many gases that are mixed together.
Air is made of molecules which have mass and therefore weight.
Air is made of molecules, and the molecules are made of protons, neutrons and electrons.
Air is made of molecules, and therefore has mass.
Air is made of molecules.
Air is made of oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Air is made of particles that are in constant motion and air is actually quite heavy.
Air is made up mostly of oxygen and nitrogen gas.
Air is made up of a mixture of gases including oxygen, nitrogen, helium, and others.
Air is made up of a mixture of gases.
Air is made up of atoms.
Air is made up of gas molecules.
Air is made up of gases like nitrogen, oxygen and carbon.
Air is made up of many gases, including oxygen and nitrogen.
Air is made up of many gases.
Air is made up of many molecules.
Air is made up of nitrogen, oxygen, hydrogen, etc.
Air is made up of particles, that move to make the sound waves.
Air is made up of tiny molecules.
Air is made up of tiny particles.
Air is many gases mixed together.
Air is masculine, being dry, expansive and active.
Air is matter because it is made up of atoms.
Air is matter, air is there.
Air is medicine.
Air is mediums.
Air is misty and acrid from welding and grease.
Air is mixed into the manure by an aeration rotor.
Air is mixed into the water and absorbed as it free-falls from the outlet.
Air is mixed with the other reactants during shaking.
Air is mixed with the wastewater in the grit chamber.
Air is mixed with wastewater, along with bacteria and other microorganisms.
Air is mixture.
Air is moist and hot.
Air is moistened by wet surfaces of air passages.
Air is moisturized, warmed, and filtered as it moves through the passages.
Air is more a necessity of life than either food or water.
Air is more likely to be drawn down the chimney if some other appliance is exhausting air.
Air is more permeable to x-rays than body tissues.
Air is mostly nitrogen and oxygen.
Air is mostly nitrogen.
Air is moved from the outside through the respiratory system into the lungs .
Air is moved from the outside through the respiratory system into the lungs.
Air is moved instead into the central spaces of the lungs, where little nitrogen is absorbed.
Air is moved through a network of insulated ducts to air outlets to each room in the building.
Air is much less dense than a piece of fabric, so less heat is conducted through a layer of air.
Air is much less dense than water, so the force needed to move through air is lower.
Air is much less efficient at emitting radiation than the surface.
Air is much safer.
Air is necessary for life.
Air is necessary in many activities.
Air is needed by animals to breathe and by plants to work with water and sunlight to make food.
Air is needed in the claw to help lift the milk up into the pail milker or into the pipeline.
Air is needed to allow sound vibrations to travel through the phone lines.
Air is needed to keep alive the bacteria, which feed on the waste.
Air is neutral.
Air is no joke.
Air is non-toxic and necessary to support life.
Air is now a priority, right after brakes and shocks.
Air is now more moist and condensation can form at higher levels .
Air is now the preferred inflation medium.
Air is obtained through anal gill tufts, which are extruded when the operculum is opened.
Air is obtained through ventral abdominal gill tufts.
Air is one of the best soundproofing materials.
Air is one of the factors in the process of spoiling foods.
Air is one of the most basic requirements for life.
Air is our sustenance.
Air is over seven times more dense than helium.
Air is passed over the capture area assisting the operator in obtaining clear, identifiable prints.
Air is passed through the catheter.
Air is passed through the drum by a fan.
Air is passed through the molten metal.
Air is placed into the rocket.
Air is primarily oxygen and nitrogen.
Air is property.
Air is provided by a bellows.
Air is provided by on-board compressors.
Air is provided through a patented flow through door rail system.
Air is pulled from above to prevent voids.
Air is pulled from under the unit and blown onto the hard drive.
Air is pulled in from outside the dryer and exhausted to a vent outside the dryer.
Air is pulled in under the doors, up through the specimen shelves into the head unit.
Air is pulled in using a suction-type pull.
Air is pulled through the filter for a set period of time.
Air is pulled through the pipe by a flat black chimney heated by the sun.
Air is pulled through the sash opening and across the work surface.
Air is pulsed in and off-gases are pulsed out.
Air is pumped between the barrel wall and the membrane to force the beer out.
Air is pumped by a blower through a filter into the baby-sitter.
Air is pumped by a blower through a filter into the hood.
Air is pumped by two blowers through filters into the hood.
Air is pumped from the cylinder to simulate the climb to altitude.
Air is pumped in through a special tube.
Air is pumped in through the instrument to allow proper observation.
Air is pumped through a face mask that the patient wears while sleeping.
Air is pumped through a tube to an airstone submersed in the nutrient solution.
Air is pumped through an orifice immersed in liquid.
Air is pumped through several different filters, which are sent to a laboratory for analysis.
Air is pumped through the cool greenhouse and through a second evaporator.
Air is pumped through the solid waste, which is periodically turned by stainless steel shafts.
Air is pumped through the water to stimulate bacteria to feed on suspended and dissolved matter.
Air is purchased separately from our land tour.
Air is pushed away from a high pressure system.
Air is pushed into lungs by atmospheric pressure when volume increases.
Air is pushed out, and there is less room for water to penetrate well.
Air is pushed rapidly out through the glottis as the cat breathes out.
Air is pushed through the instrument using circular breathing, supported by the diaphragm.
Air is pushed toward a low pressure center.
Air is pushed up from the floor.
Air is put into a container, and the volume of air is made smaller.
Air is quality.
Air is quicker, but more expensive.
Air is rarest of all commodities necessary for change.
Air is rarified behind glottal closure by lowering larynx.
Air is readily available and there often is no other engineering consideration than filtration.
Air is really quite heavy.
Air is regions.
Air is released from under the bell to activate the siphon and complete a flush.
Air is released in the direction of the water flow.
Air is released like gas hissing over the tongue.
Air is released through two rows of three sparge wells apiece.
Air is removed during the last stage of mixing, leaving an air-free product when pugged out.
Air is removed during the last stage of mixing, leaving and air-free product when pugged out.
Air is removed from the heart and blood is let over back into the heart.
Air is removed from the tube and the other end is sealed.
Air is removed from the tubes, eliminating resistance.
Air is removed until the bag is flattened against the silage.
Air is required by organisms to cool their body.
Air is required for a fire to keep burning.
Air is required for the growth of the microbes.
Air is required to actuate the brakes.
Air is returned to the chamber, the surface inspected, and the mirror returned to the telescope.
Air is roller coasters.
Air is routed through the programmer for functional purposes.
Air is ruhs, seyrani.
Air is safe to breathe.
Air is sampled from a control point at the center of the array.
Air is saturated when it holds the maximum possible amount of water vapor.
Air is saturated with vapor.
Air is saturated with water vapor.
Air is sent through a pipe that makes sound , like the cries of the victim .
Air is sent through a pipe that makes sound, like the cries of the victim.
Air is separated from the slurry by the same process that removes the lightweight contaminants.
Air is shunted into the cold chamber where tempature falls and volume contcacts.
Air is simplest, though some cruise-liners still sail to Hawaii.
Air is slower and lighter than water while sea-floor sediment is almost always faster and denser.
Air is so cold that wispy clouds can form even in the super-dry stratospheric air.
Air is somewhat hazy from smog.
Air is sparged in at the bottom, to provide the micro-organisms with oxygen.
Air is spiritus, breath, whisper, ghost.
Air is stagnant.
Air is such a lively medium.
Air is sucked across the sea into the centre because of the low pressure.
Air is sucked in like a vacuum cleaner from surrounding areas where the pressure is higher.
Air is sucked into the lungs by muscular action.
Air is sucked into the lungs, because the pressure in the airways is less than it is outside.
Air is sucked out upstream to ensure an effective contact area between air and the process water.
Air is sucked out, pulling the cardboard flat against the table for the cut.
Air is supplied at ceiling level and extracted at floor level.
Air is supplied by a compressor or pump.
Air is supplied by a large centrifugal blower located in a sound isolation enclosure.
Air is supplied by a simple open circuit compressor system.
Air is supplied by an engine driven air compressor and stored in tanks on the tractor and trailer.
Air is supplied by diffusers in the laboratory with exhaust provided by fume hoods.
Air is supplied through a hose connected to a compressed-air cylinder or air compressor.
Air is supplied via nozzle banks in the domed ceiling.
Air is swallowed during exercise or strenuous activities or when a dog gulps food or water.
Air is taken in through openings on the sides of the abdomen called spiracles.
Air is taken into their buccopharynx.
Air is the Albany Indoor Rock climbing.
Air is the atmosphere by means of which all living organisms respire.
Air is the Ayurvedic term for the gaseous form of matter.
Air is the basic medium of acoustic transmission.
Air is the best insulator, but styrofoam comes close.
Air is the best way to get to far away destinations.
Air is the breath of life.
Air is the commercial source for many of the gases it contains.
Air is the dielectric in a variable capacitor.
Air is the diffused breath.
Air is the driving force in stimulating soil life.
Air is the element most repulsed by the human body, and the least able to feel and express emotions.
Air is the element of focus in the midst of chaos.
Air is the element of the myth maker, the muse singer, the magickal child, and the mystical sage.
Air is the element of thought and creativity.
Air is the enemy of ultrasound waves.
Air is the enemy.
Air is the finest of all and has the quality of touch only.
Air is the fluid of gas molecules slamming into one another trying to spread out.
Air is the gaseous form of matter which is mobile and dynamic.
Air is the gaseous state of matter whose characteristic is mobility.
Air is the great carrier and a motivator.
Air is the intermediary between heaven and earth, fire and water.
Air is the layer of gases surrounding the earth's sphere.
Air is the least dense and it appears black.
Air is the least opaque, and is usually referred to lucent .
Air is the main ingredient to producing a singing tone.
Air is the most dynamic component of environment.
Air is the most familiar gaseous fluid.
Air is the most necessary element, being necessary to fire, earth and water.
Air is the most unconventional and open to experimentation.
Air is the name given to atmosphere used in breathing and photosynthesis .
Air is the only choice on weekends and holidays.
Air is the parody of water.
Air is the primary cause of food spoilage, so it allows food to stay fresh for years.
Air is the primary food for our body's health.
Air is the primary food of both the mind and body.
Air is the primary food of the mind and body.
Air is the primary means of transportation year-round.
Air is the primary nutrient.
Air is the really real.
Air is the same way.
Air is the secret to great tonguing, range and tone production.
Air is the slowest carrier of sound waves of the three.
Air is the source of about a quarter of the nitrogen entering the Bay.
Air is then let out so that the inrushing water sucks in the top layer of silt.
Air is thick.
Air is thin, but radiation is intense causing molecules to break apart and free radical formation.
Air is thought to be heated and humidified as it is drawn past the conchae during breathing.
Air is too light to feel gravity.
Air is too thin, land is too hard.
Air is trapped and compressed by raising the glottis and tensing the pharyngeal wall.
Air is trapped behind the narrowed bronchial tubes and decreased oxygen is available to the body.
Air is trapped between the small frozen drops, giving the ice a white frostlike appearance.
Air is trapped in alveoli which often causes rupturing of alveolar walls.
Air is trapped in the ice causing an opaque appearence.
Air is trapped in the material used for composting.
Air is trapped in the pore spaces.
Air is trapped within the yarn.
Air is typically clear and dry.
Air is under pressure.
Air is used and reused in a sick building.
Air is used as a heat transfer media and flows around the combustion chamber.
Air is used as a source of oxygen.
Air is used as heat carrier.
Air is used extensively as a refrigerant in aircraft cooling.
Air is used extensively for lighter cargo, small high-value items, and for urgent needs.
Air is used for the oxidation process instead of chemicals such as chlorine or ozone.
Air is used only to open the chuck.
Air is used to blow sand and debris from the cracks in the street.
Air is used to move most of the non-motor moving parts of the machine.
Air is used to reciprocate a small piston very rapidly.
Air is used to separate the material.
Air is vented, and all fuel is returned to the tank.
Air is very thin here.
Air is very unstiff and honey can be quite stiff.
Air is vital to life on Earth and is necessary for plants, animals, and humans to live.
Air is warm tonight. . .
Air is warmed and filtered as it passes through the turbinates in the nose on the way to the lungs.
Air is warmed as it passes over urban areas.
Air is warmed, humidified, and cleaned by the nose and lungs.
Air is warmer near the ground and gets colder higher up.
Air is water with holes in it.
Air is weightless.
Air is what sets the Select Comfort Air Bed apart from the rest.
Air is where freezer burn comes from.
Air is within proper ranges, a little high on methane.
Air isa fluid.
Air keeps it dry, eyeballs keep it inspected.
Air knows no state boundaries, and the same is true of our rivers and streams.
Air lacks the supportive density and moisturizing qualities of water.
Air layering and grafting are also effective.
Air layering happens artificially.
Air layering involves the wounding the stem of the plant while it is on the stock plant.
Air layering is a good way to propagate from a tree that bears particularly good fruit.
Air layering is a technique invented by the Chinese four thousand years ago.
Air layering is also successful under humid tropical conditions.
Air layering is an alternative.
Air layering is more promising.
Air layering is most successful if done while a plant is growing actively.
Air layering is probably the easiest way to propagate a limited number of plants.
Air layering is slow, taking as long as two to three months.
Air layering is successful but tedious.
Air layering is the rooting of a stem terminal while it is still attached to the plant.
Air layering is useful for pot-grown plants that have become tall and spindly.
Air layering is useful when plants become too large for their growing area.
Air leads to convection.
Air leads to daily fluctuations.
Air leads to fluctuations.
Air leads to temperature fluctuations.
Air leads to wide daily fluctuations.
Air leads to wide fluctuations.
Air leaking from the return ducts brings unfiltered air from attic or crawlspace.
Air leaving a vessel in which pathogenic organisms are cultured is sterilized by heating.
Air leaving the pump can flow freely through the output valve and is exhausted through the muffler.
Air leaving the room is double filtered to exclude the smallest viral particle from escaping.
Air leaving vessels in which pathogenic organisms are grown is sterilized by heating.
Air let is Cairns to Thursday Island and vice versa.
Air likes to go from areas of high pressure to low pressure.
Air likes to have moisture in it.
Air masses that originate in the Gulf of Mexico tend to be warm and humid.
Air means contact and emotion.
Air meeting particular purity specifications has many important applications.
Air meets air.
Air meets canadian air.
Air meets cold air.
Air meets cold canadian air.
Air meets warm air.
Air modeling programs then predict the concentrations of gases surrounding the facility.
Air monitoring on large scale projects is handled by a contracted environmental consulting firm.
Air moves down the bronchi to the alveoli where capillaries are located.
Air moves down the respiratory passages and the lungs expand.
Air moves faster over a cambered , or arched, surface than over a flat surface.
Air moves from places.
Air moves in from the sides to replace the displaced air.
Air moves into lungs.
Air moves out away from the center of high pressure.
Air moves through an enclosure called gravity chamber, which has a large cross sectional area.
Air moves through bronchioles.
Air moves through capillaries.
Air moves through terminal bronchioles.
Air moving across the surface of the land constantly changes in both speed and direction.
Air moving along the ground or over the sea, passes hills or mountains.
Air moving apparatus of fans or blowers are vital to the system design and operation.
Air moving around an object creates drag.
Air moving around the ball has a lower pressure than still air under the ball.
Air moving around the vehicle is used to heat the liquid nitrogen to a boil.
Air moving between the two regions is curved by the rotation of the earth to create our wind.
Air moving down the other side of the mountain becomes more dense.
Air moving downward there produces no wind.
Air moving from a high to low pressure creates moisture, which condenses into clouds or fog.
Air moving in a horizontal plane from high pressure to low pressure regions is called wind.
Air moving past the hole creates a negative pressure above the slide.
Air moving through a room helps a person to feel less short of breath.
Air moving through narrowed airways causes wheezing and produces the coughing of asthma.
Air moving through the nose can dry and irritate the mucous membranes.
Air moving through the tightened airways causes a whistling sound known as wheezing.
Air naturally warms as it sinks, but dry air warms almost twice as fast as moist air.
Air needs to be able to circulate freely for composting to take place.
Air needs to be still if outdoors.
Air needs to circulate below the floor to dry it out.
Air needs to move around shelves and around individual pieces.
Air never flows back into the tank.
Air never gets inside a balloon all by itself.
Air never passes thru death.
Air normally flows clockwise around a high pressure area, when the wind is in balance.
Air normally flows into the engine through the tube on the right after it is filtered.
Air now path tracing.
Air occupies a smaller part than space and inherits the quality of sound from space.
Air occupies areas.
AIR offer additional services such as installation and training.
AIR offers members assistance in attracting funding.
Air only has pressure when it's moving.
Air only shown, are capacity controlled and restrictions apply.
Air pass through helps prevent knock-downs when flying a hull.
Air passes freely through the hole in the center of the bobbin.
Air passes from the pharynx through the glottis into the trachea during inhalation.
Air passes from tracheae.
Air passes in and out of the spiracles to and from a network of tubes in the insect's abdomen.
Air passes into the liner through holes drilled in it.
Air passes over gills.
Air passes over membranes.
Air passes over mountain top and falls, becoming warmer and increasing the moisture it can hold.
Air passes over or under the wing as the bird moves forward, or as the wind blows.
Air passes over the fire and curves back through the flames.
Air passes over the soft palate as it vibrates, causing the snoring sound.
Air passes over the vocal folds with the inspiration and expiration of the diaphragm.
Air passes through a valve which enables the gun to build pressure.
Air passes through airways.
Air passes through chambers.
Air passes through feathers.
Air passes through lungs.
Air passes through metabolic chambers.
Air passes through the filter and down through the tube to a pump.
Air passes through the gap between the cork and bottle.
Air passes through the larynx into the windpipe and then into the lungs.
Air passes through the lungs twice with each breathing cycle - twice that of mammals.
Air passes through the lungs two times with each breathing cycle - twice that of mammals.
Air passes through the pads with little resistance and is cooled by the evaporation of water.
Air passes through the pharynx en route to the trachea and lungs.
Air passes through tubes into the body tissues.
Air passes through zones.
Air passes to lungs.
Air passing over the hot wire causes it to cool.
Air passing over the sail or over the wing creates a low- pressure area on the reverse side.
Air passing over the top of the airfoil produces aerodynamic force in another way.
Air passing through a jet engine is heated up .
Air passing through the water is cooled as the water evaporates.
Air passing to the outside vibrates the membrane producing a humming sound.
Air permeates our atmosphere.
Air permits for utility projects require continuous emissions monitoring of critical pollutants.
Air permitting and reporting requirements continue to grow more complex.
Air picks up a lot of moisture as it travels over an ocean.
Air picks up heat as the winds blow over the oceans.
Air picks up heat by conduction but carries it away via convection.
Air plays a much more minor role in saturated soils than in unsaturated soil.
Air plays an important role in our health.
Air plays an important role in weather control.
Air pockets front and rear provide ample cushioning, and the carbon-rubber tread ensures durability.
Air points up, and Earth points down.
Air pour inside any bag and spring Arizona cardinals.
Air powered tools run quieter and last longer.
Air powered tools take the drudgery out of auto mechanics.
Air presses in all directions.
Air presses on a bulb of mercury, forcing it up a tube.
Air pressing against the water prevents it from running out.
Air produces sound.
Air prove toward a womens bamboo skirt.
Air proves an essential part of plant growth and survival.
AIR provide installation as well as on-site familiarization, upon request.
Air provides fuel for fire and the combination of earth and water produce growth.
Air provides life-giving oxygen.
Air provides movement - such as in the joints, intestine or heart.
Air provides no structural support at all.
Air provides plants with carbon dioxide.
AIR provides superior customer support for all desktop applications.
Air pulse The frame on the right displays the position of the arm within the available quadrant.
Air pump An air pump has a multitude of uses, apart from the obvious one of inflating tyres.
Air pump appearance verification.
Air Pump Now for the air pump.
Air pump on l.h.
Air pump to run air stone and non toxic aqua sponge.
Air pump usage levels.
Air purifying respirators are basically of two fundamental types.
Air pushes all the time in all directions.
Air pushes the spinning ball upward and it flies downfield in much the same way as a glider.
Air raises air pressure.
Air raises pressure.
Air reaches correct temperature.
Air reaches each blade through a bushing connection between the blade base and the hub body.
Air reaches temperature.
Air reaches the lungs by the same system as in humans.
Air reaches the middle ear via the eustachian tube, which is connected to the back of the nose.
Air reacts like a fluid to supersonic objects.
Air recirculates at that location rather than exiting the hood immediately.
Air reduces radio-wave propagation speed compared with the speed in a vacuum.
Air reduces transpiration.
Air refueling operations require local air superiority.
Air remains air.
Air removes water.
Air represents breathing and goodness.
Air represents communication and new ideas.
Air represents movement and change.
Air requires intake.
AIR reserves the right to decline, accept or retain any person as a member of any tour.
Air responds to lower pressure by expanding.
Air returns to itself and silence.
Air ride suspension with scale heads.
Air ride with dump valve.
Air rises against the inside, warmer pane and falls when it hits the outside, cooler pane.
Air rises in a depression so clouds and rainfall are formed.
Air rises in a fluid environment.
Air rises near low pressure areas.
Air rises on the planes.
Air rises up the hillsides and thereby causes winds to blow.
Air rises when cold air pushes hot air up .
Air rises when cold air pushes hot air up.
Air rises when it's heated because it expands, so it's less dense than the cooler air around it.
Air rising sharply creates tall clouds, such as thunderclouds, which give brief, heavy showers.
Air routinely flows into the Indian Wells Valley through low mountain passes.
Air routing The major U.S. gateways to Chile are Miami, Newark, and Dallas.
Air rushes in an arc around the top of the ball and then continues outward above the ball.
Air rushes in through the nostrils and the mouth.
Air rushes in to fill gap left by rising air.
Air rushes in to fill the space.
Air rushes out from under each wing in all directions as the whirler falls.
Air rushing out or liquid spurting out indicates spoilage.
Air rushing over the tops of airplane wings exerts less pressure than air from under the wings.
Air sampling allows an industrial hygienist to determine the exposure levels of certain chemicals.
Air sampling data suggest that the extent of exposure can depend on a number of the above factors.
Air sampling does no good if it is conducted in a vacuum.
Air sampling involves highly specialized sampling and evaluation methods.
Air sampling is a lot more than just pulling air through sampling media.
Air sampling is done on mainstream chemicals in the workplace.
Air scenting dogs use their noses to detect any human scent present in a particular area.
Air sealing improves indoor air quality.
Air sealing to minimize air infiltration can also be very costly.
Air seeks to make social and intellectual connections.
Air seems fresher, food tastes better, and most importantly BEER tastes better.
Air seems full of little black insects.
Air seems simple enough.
Air seems to pass in and out of the book lung or the tracheae in a passive manner.
Air seems to stream from nipples.
Air shields the earth from harmful solar rays and objects from outer space hitting earth.
Air show admission and parking are free and open to the public.
Air show at the nearby military base.
Air show daily.
Air shows the sacredness of breath, a life principle, and suggests spirit.
Air simply diffuses.
Air slouches close, corpulent.
Air slowly descends to replace the air that blows away.
Air slows moving objects.
Air smells of aftermath.
Air snaps up that sweat.
Air spaces greater than one cm are bullae.
Air sparging also can be a quick and effective treatment for VOCs in groundwater.
Air sparging can enhance bioremediation.
Air sparging is an in situ technology in which air is injected through a contaminated aquifer.
Air speeds up on exit from the ridge compared to entry.
Air speeds up on leaving the trough compared to entry.
Air stacking limits are the same as per the regular rules.
Air start alongside some cottage neither furnish heat in the hood.
Air start alongside some cottage neither furnish news movies.
Air start alongside some cottage neither furnish psychic tv.
Air stimulates mental sensations, new thoughts, and laughter.
Air stops sound waves traveling through water and living tissues.
Air stripping effectively removes radon gas from groundwater.
Air stripping involves the mass transfer of volatile contaminants from water to air.
Air stripping is more effective in coarse- grained soil.
Air stripping removes volatile organic compounds from contaminated groundwater or surface water.
Air stripping, meanwhile, simply transfers the contaminants from the water to the surrounding air.
Air sublimates the sweetness to a tremendous elegance.
Air supplies the oxygen a fire needs to burn.
Air supports oxidation.
Air surrounding the earth extends upwards hundreds of kilometers.
Air surrounds Earth and becomes thinner farther from the surface.
Air surrounds materials.
Air surrounds the earth like a large envelope.
Air sustains all living beings.
Air symbolizes communication, wisdom and intellect.
Air take things a step further by actually being very, very good.
Air takes on mass.
Air takes the shape of the balloon.
Air takes the shortest path from an air supply duct through the grain to an air exhaust duct.
Air takes up space - it consists of billions of air molecules.
Air takes up space because it is made up of molecules.
Air takes up space in the glass and acts as an invisible wall between the water and the paper.
Air takes up space just like anything else.
Air takes up space, can hold things up and make things move.
Air takes up space, has weight, is odorless, colorless and tasteless.
Air takes up space.
Air takes up the shape it gets into.
Air tastes good.
Air tends to channel so aeration and constant agitation is essential to insure aerobic conditions.
Air tends to cool as it is forced upward.
Air tends to fracture the gelatin.
Air tends to move air from regions of high pressure to regions of low pressure.
Air tends to move from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure, creating wind.
Air tends to move from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Air tends to rush through the cut wind pipe and make bubbling screams in the dying's blood.
Air tends to sink to the east of the ridge axis, which inhibits clouds and precipitation.
Air tends to sink, or subside, under high pressure.
Air tends to travel through the shortest path in stored rice.
Air then blows over the coils to heat the home.
Air then demodulates the message back out to the hearer.
Air then flows into the lungs from the higher pressure environment outside the body.
Air then flows inward from all sides, drawn in by the area of low pressure.
Air then invades the blood stream, resulting in immediate death.
Air then moves into the trachea.
Air then passes through cooling packs to a mixing chamber.
Air then reaches the epiglottis, the tiny leaf-shaped flap at the back of the throat.
Air then reaches the epiglottis, which is the tiny leaf shaped flap at the back of the throat.
Air then rushes back into the pocket, forming a swirling vortex.
Air then rushes in.
Air tight is the key to producing useable sileage.
Air too flows from one place to another.
Air transfers heat.
Air trapped between fibers provides great warmth in winter.
Air trapped in feathers or air in the swim bladder of a fish also help in floating.
Air trapped in the beaker becomes extremely cold during the night.
Air trapped in the stuffing box is a good insulator.
Air trapping occurs.
Air travel only economy class is authorized.
Air traveling at a higher velocity creates a lower pressure than air traveling at lower velocity.
Air travelling across the top has to travel faster than the air below.
Air travels back down the tracheae, carrying away gaseous waste to the outside of the insect's body.
Air travels faster over the top of a wing because it's rounded.
Air travels from areas of higher pressure to places where there is less pressure.
Air travels from the high pressure area to the low pressure area.
Air travelss through nostrils.
Air treated with ozone is purified in milliseconds.
Air turns misty, concealing, mysteries in the paths ahead.
Air turns to fire, and solid ground gives way to white-hot, molten terror.
Air typically costs about three times more than surface.
Air unlocking handlebars make for super fast unloading.
Air vents to allow efficient aeration for worms to breathe.
Air vibrates faster in an open tube than in a closed tube.
Air wants to flow from high pressure to low pressure.
Air warmed by the rising sun creates currents that push the balloons gently across the sky.
Air warms up above the heaters and rises into the air, pushing cold air down from the ceiling.
Air warms up quicker than water.
Air well bring in natural daylight.
Air well brings in light and is landscaped, giving a miniature tropical jungle ambience.
Air well brings in natural daylight to the living area.
Air wills have distinct effects.
Air wills have effects.
Air works the same way.
Airs has a calming, soothing feeling.
Airs telecourses to increase access to higher education.
Air always contains some water.
Air always moves from an area of high atmospheric pressure to an area of low atmospheric pressure.
Air always moves from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Air always moves things on blowing away the cobwebs in the process.
Air always strives to become saturated.
Air always wants to move from high pressure to low pressure.
Air often causes a scum on oil-based paints.
Air often has a difficult time with earth in the truest sense of the word.
Air sometimes dissolves in the pressurized lines.
Air usually moves from areas of higher pressure to areas of lower pressure.
All air coming into the building is filtered and air conditioned.
All air conditioned rooms are non-smoking areas.
All air contains moisture.
All air contains some form of pollutant.
All air contains water molecules in the form of water vapor, which is an invisible gas.
All air contains water vapour of varying quantities.
All air entering the reservoir is filtered to maintain water quality.
All air enters the body through the nose or mouth.
All air going into the case passes through filters that trap damaging debris molecules.
All air holds different amounts of water vapour .
All air holds different amounts of water vapour.
All air is circulated and filtered constantly to remove dust and contaminants.
All air is circulated and filtered every two minutes to remove dust and contaminants.
All air is connected.
All air is expelled from the bag and oxygen is added to fill the bag.
All air is removed from the break and resin is injected into the area.
All air leaving the labs is filtered to remove any viruses.
All air supplying the engines is taken from outside the vessel.
Any air is purged from the test vessel.
More air equals less friction, less fuel and less emissions.
More air equals more power.
More air flows off the left side, creating a right turn.
More air goes through the slot on the left, pushing the parachute around to the right.
More air is brought in than is exhausted, creating a slight positive pressure.
More air is drawn into the system, and it grows on itself.
More air is released and when the tapping sound disappears, the diastolic pressure is read.
More air is required to meet heavy loads and fast driving conditions.
More air is squeezed out as the ice gets thicker.
More air is taken in, and the remaining gas is forced out of the exhaust.
More air means more fuel.
More air means more power.
More air means more spray which means more mess.
More air means more usable power, better acceleration, ease in lane changing even while towing.
More air means that more fuel can be added.
More air means that more fuel can be stuffed in too.
More air needs to reach the root system when soils drain poorly.
Most air absorbs heat.
Most air absorbs oxygen.
Most air affects astronomical refraction.
Most air affects health.
Most air affects human lungs.
Most air affects lungs.
Most air affects refraction.
Most air carries heat.
Most air carries sound.
Most air carries vapour.
Most air carries water vapour.
Most air causes air pressure.
Most air causes erosion.
Most air causes low pressure.
Most air causes pressure.
Most air comes in contact.
Most air comes into contact.
Most air comes into lungs.
Most air comes into tracheae.
Most air consists of oxygen.
Most air contains air.
Most air contains airborne particles.
Most air contains carbon dioxide.
Most air contains chemicals.
Most air contains compounds.
Most air contains dioxide.
Most air contains gases.
Most air contains hydrogen.
Most air contains irritants.
Most air contains nitrogen gases.
Most air contains organic compounds.
Most air contains oxygen.
Most air contains particles.
Most air contains percent oxygen.
Most air contains pollutants.
Most air contains vapour.
Most air contains vital oxygen.
Most air contains volatile compounds.
Most air contains volatile organic compounds.
Most air contains waste product carbon dioxide.
Most air contains water vapor air.
Most air contains water vapour.
Most air contains water.
Most air creates pressure.
Most air creates sound waves.
Most air creates sound.
Most air creates vacuums.
Most air creates waves.
Most air creates whistle sound.
Most air creates wind.
Most air enters cylinders.
Most air enters oral cavities.
Most air fills air sacs.
Most air fills cavities.
Most air flows into airways.
Most air flows into alveoluses.
Most air flows into lungs.
Most air flows into nostrils.
Most air flows into surfaces.
Most air flows into walls.
Most air flows out of lungs.
Most air flows through channels.
Most air flows to lungs.
Most air generates powerful updrafts.
Most air gets temperature.
Most air goes into lungs.
Most air goes into nostrils.
Most air goes through lungs.
Most air goes through tracheae.
Most air has air pressure.
Most air has capacity.
Most air has concentration.
Most air has conductivity.
Most air has consequences.
Most air has density.
Most air has effects.
Most air has high humidity.
Most air has humidity.
Most air has little moisture.
Most air has low conductivity.
Most air has low density.
Most air has low pressure.
Most air has low thermal conductivity.
Most air has lower overall pressure.
Most air has lower pressure.
Most air has mass.
Most air has moisture.
Most air has oxygen.
Most air has pressure.
Most air has properties.
Most air has quality.
Most air has refraction.
Most air has relative humidity.
Most air has temperature.
Most air has thermal conductivity.
Most air has uniform temperature.
Most air holds air.
Most air holds little moisture.
Most air holds moisture.
Most air holds water.
Most air is expelled from lungs.
Most air is saturated with vapor.
Most air is saturated with water vapor.
Most air leads to convection.
Most air leads to daily fluctuations.
Most air leads to fluctuations.
Most air leads to temperature fluctuations.
Most air leads to wide daily fluctuations.
Most air leads to wide fluctuations.
Most air meets canadian air.
Most air meets cold air.
Most air meets cold canadian air.
Most air meets warm air.
Most air passes from tracheae.
Most air passes over gills.
Most air passes over membranes.
Most air passes through airways.
Most air passes through chambers.
Most air passes through feathers.
Most air passes through lungs.
Most air passes through metabolic chambers.
Most air passes through zones.
Most air passes to lungs.
Most air produces sound.
Most air raises air pressure.
Most air raises pressure.
Most air reaches correct temperature.
Most air reaches temperature.
Most air reduces transpiration.
Most air removes water.
Most air requires intake.
Most air surrounds materials.
Some air always remains.
Some air absorbs energy.
Some air absorbs solar energy.
Some air acts as good insulators.
Some air acts as insulators.
Some air affects breathe patterns.
Some air becomes balloons.
Some air becomes conductors.
Some air becomes dust.
Some air becomes good conductors.
Some air becomes gusty wind.
Some air becomes humidity.
Some air becomes pollute dust.
Some air becomes relative humidity.
Some air becomes soot.
Some air becomes wind.
Some air can cling to the inside of the tube walls as tiny bubbles during the initial collection.
Some air carries diseases.
Some air carries infectious diseases.
Some air carries voltage.
Some air causes cancer.
Some air causes convection.
Some air causes disturbances.
Some air causes problems.
Some air causes rain.
Some air causes reaction.
Some air causes thunderstorms.
Some air causes vapor.
Some air causes vibration.
Some air causes water vapor.
Some air combines with snow.
Some air comes from animals.
Some air comes from gulfs.
Some air comes from lungs.
Some air comes from noses.
Some air comes from tops.
Some air comes from wind.
Some air conducts electricity.
Some air contains cigarette smoke.
Some air contains grain.
Some air contains matter.
Some air contains particulate matter.
Some air contains smoke.
Some air contains sulfur.
Some air contains tobacco smoke.
Some air contains urban particulate matter.
Some air contributes to fog.
Some air creates humidity.
Some air creates saturate humidity.
Some air creates significant snowfall.
Some air creates snowfall.
Some air encourages growth.
Some air enhances capability.
Some air enters lizards.
Some air enters respiratory tracts.
Some air enters tracheae.
Some air fills ache lungs.
Some air fills air balloons.
Some air fills alveoluses.
Some air fills balloons.
Some air fills lungs.
Some air fills pockets.
Some air fills tubes.
Some air fills with blood.
Some air flows from balloons.
Some air flows into cavities.
Some air flows into moist cavities.
Some air flows into nasal cavities.
Some air flows into storms.
Some air flows over glaciers.
Some air flows through cool ducts.
Some air flows through ducts.
Some air flows through holes.
Some air flows through larynxes.
Some air flows through lungs.
Some air flows through nostrils.
Some air flows through pharynxs.
Some air flows through tubes.
Some air gets sound.
Some air goes into chests.
Some air goes through bronchi.
Some air has ability.
Some air has chemical compositions.
Some air has compositions.
Some air has energy.
Some air has exact chemical compositions.
Some air has exact compositions.
Some air has heat.
Some air has kinetic energy.
Some air has legs.
Some air has protection.
Some air has rain.
Some air has shells.
Some air has spiral shells.
Some air has thermal energy.
Some air has viscosity.
Some air helps growth.
Some air helps liverwort growth.
Some air holds more water vapor.
Some air holds vapor.
Some air holds vapour.
Some air holds water vapor.
Some air holds water vapour.
Some air induces current.
Some air is caused by smoke.
Some air is diverted into a flexible skirt around the perimeter of the craft.
Some air is saturated with water.
Some air is trapped in the snow as the layers form.
Some air lasts for weeks.
Some air leads to condensation.
Some air leads to dehydration.
Some air leads to ingestion.
Some air leaves lungs.
Some air loses energy.
Some air moves into bronchi.
Some air moves into tracheae.
Some air moves middles.
Some air moves places.
Some air needs for photosynthesis.
Some air passes from alveoluses.
Some air passes from bronchi.
Some air passes from larynxes.
Some air passes into pharynxs.
Some air passes into tracheae.
Some air passes over barriers.
Some air passes over noses.
Some air passes over topographic barriers.
Some air passes over wings.
Some air passes through air sacs.
Some air passes through bronchioles.
Some air passes through capillaries.
Some air passes through caudal air sacs.
Some air passes through caudal sacs.
Some air passes through channels.
Some air passes through cord.
Some air passes through larynxes.
Some air passes through membranes.
Some air passes through noses.
Some air passes through nostrils.
Some air passes through pharynxs.
Some air passes through sacs.
Some air passes through sensors.
Some air passes through small tubes.
Some air passes through throats.
Some air passes through tracheae.
Some air passes through tubes.
Some air passes through windows.
Some air passes through windpipes.
Some air produces acid precipitation.
Some air produces precipitation.
Some air provides energy.
Some air provides evidence.
Some air provides moisture.
Some air provides protection.
Some air reaches bronchi.
Some air reaches eastern slopes.
Some air reaches primary bronchi.
Some air reaches slopes.
Some air reacts with zinc.
Some air remains in lungs.
Some air requires analyses.
Some air requires effort.
Some air requires muscular effort.
Some air sinks back into the center, warming it and creating the nearly cloud-free eye.
Some air surrounds earth.
Some air surrounds planet earth.
Some air surrounds wood.
Some air turns into clouds.
Some air turns into liquid water.
Some air turns into water.
Some airs are like outlets of memory's oceans, They rise in the past and flow into the heart.
Some airs are milky and mild, some with hints of colour.
Airbed cells provide greater comfort range.
Airbone pathogens are very common and increasingly dangerous.
Airborne aerosols behave in much the same manner as vaporized agents.
Airborne allergens are also the frequent culprits that trigger the symptoms of asthma.
Airborne allergens can include pollens, molds, dust mites, cockroaches, and animal dander.
Airborne anthrax is the worst form.
Airborne asbestos is classified as a hazardous substance and is a known carcinogen.
Airborne ash can diminish visibility, damage flight control systems, and cause jet engines to fail.
Airborne ash can obscure sunlight to cause temporary darkness and reduce visibility to zero.
Airborne assaults can land directly on air bases.
Airborne beasts tend to be on the more insidious side.
Airborne concentrations are highest when composting is done in an enclosed space.
Airborne contaminants blow from China to North America in about a week.
Airborne contaminants can reach inside cracks on walls, too.
Airborne contaminants cause diseases such as influenza, hepatitis, tuberculosis and pneumonia.
Airborne contamination can transcend work zone boundaries leading to unexpected uptakes.
Airborne dioxin is carried by the wind to settle on food crops and grazing lands.
Some airborne diseases are caused by caterpillars.
Airborne distribution can easily spread anthrax spores over large areas.
Airborne dust particles reflect sunlight.
Airborne dust is part of normal daily life.
Some airborne dust leads to diseases.
Some airborne dust leads to respiratory diseases.
Airborne exposure can result in rhinitis, conjunctivitis and asthma.
Airborne exposure present a similar hazard.
Airborne force exercises.
Airborne forces establish contact with French partisans.
Airborne geophysics is especially valuable for a mountaineous country such as Austria.
Airborne gravity coupled with aeromagnetic surveys is a widely used and proven exploration tool.
Airborne hazards come from many areas, including manure pits, animal confinement and crop storage.
Many airborne hazards occur on farms and ranches.
Most airborne hazards found on campus are either a dust or vapor.
Airborne infection is the predominant method of transmission in a crowded, enclosed environment.
Airborne instruments are important tools for atmospheric research.
Airborne lasers are more developed than space lasers, but have more serious propagation issues.
Airborne measurements are essential to achieve the goals of the experiment.
Airborne mercury can come from miles away, even across state lines.
Airborne mercury falls back to earth in precipitation, ending up in lakes.
Airborne mercury is captured by rain drops and deposited on the landscape when it rains.
Airborne mercury settles over waterways, polluting rivers and lakes and contaminating fish.
Airborne methods provide valuable, systematic coverage of large areas.
Airborne microbes are everywhere.
Airborne microbes get into the tanks via leaks or vents.
Airborne microorganisms are in the highest concentration near aeration tanks.
Airborne paints are hazardous by inhalation.
Airborne particles are solids suspended in the air.
Airborne particles can also cause soiling and damage to materials.
Airborne particles can scratch connectors.
Airborne particles cause inflammation.
Airborne particles disperse rapidly.
Airborne particles irritate eyes.
Airborne particles leave dirt on the surface of the LEDs which decreases their brightness.
Airborne particles reflect sunlight.
Many airborne particles are small enough to get into the lungs.
Most airborne particles cause inflammation.
Most airborne particles irritate eyes.
Most airborne particles reflect sunlight.
Airborne particulates are a result of smoke, soot, and fly ash from factories or power plants.
Airborne particulates can settle on exposed food, eating surfaces or utensils.
Airborne particulates come mostly from the exhaust of cars, trucks, and power plants.
Airborne particulates enter the human body via the mouth and nose and settle in the.
Airborne patterns tend to involve the wrinkles and folds of the exposed body areas.
All airborne personnel are welcome.
Airborne pollen is a major allergen responsible for hay fever.
Airborne pollen is free to land on any plants in the area, including milkweed.
Airborne pollens are exactly that, pollens that are transferred via the wind.
Airborne pollutants accumulate in Arctic waters and become concentrated in the food chain.
Airborne pollutants are either particle matter or gases.
Airborne pollutants can also be a problem.
Airborne pollutants can also land on the roof and end up in the runoff.
Airborne pollutants can cause irritation of eyes, nose and throat.
Airborne pollutants can compromise the health of a building s inhabitants.
Airborne pollution rides in on the prairie wind from metropolis and industrial areas.
Airborne precautions Use a negative pressure room.
Airborne precautions Use for active pulmonary or laryngeal tuberculosis, measles or chickenpox.
Airborne seeds allow fireweed to establish rapidly.
Airborne soldiers are the real warriors.
Airborne sporangia are capable of travelling great distances in the wind.
Airborne spores characterize most nonflowering land plants, such as mosses, liverworts, and ferns .
Airborne spores characterize most nonflowering land plants, such as mosses, liverworts, and ferns.
Airborne surveys can cover larger areas but results depend on the expertise of observers.
Airborne toxins caused by red tide also can cause nose, throat and eye irritations.
Airborne training is open to cadets who have completed the basic course.
Airborne transmission can occur over longer distances than can droplet transmission.
Airborne transmission is also possible, over distances of many miles.
Airborne transmission is much like droplet contact but it is more diffused.
Airborne transmission is rare.
An airborne transmission is a mechanism
Some airborne transport is possible.
Airborne troops arrive in Tallinn and Soviet army columns move on Estonian roads.
Airborne troops model The fore grip, handguard and magazine are made from plastic material.
Airborne ultrasound is utilized in rodent repellent systems.
Airborne ultrasound suffers from a jitter which is caused by air movement and temperature gradients.
Airborne yeast ferments the sugar into alcohol.
Airbrush makeup covers the skin in tiny dots and enhances features.
Airbrush painting is also in the curriculum.
Airbrush painting is better for larger groups.
Most airbrush work is a combination of free-hand airbrushing and stencil airbrushing.
Most airbrush work is a combination of freehand airbrushing and stenciling.
AirBrushes achieve very detailed and smooth flowing colors.
Airbrushes also come either single action or double action.
Airbrushes are monstrosities, plain and simple.
Airbrushes come in several styles that determine how the paint is supplied.
Airbrushes come in three flavors.
Airbrushs are art supplies.
An airbrush is spray
All airbrushes come with information on how to create special effects.
Some airbrushes are adaptable to stippling tips or the tips are removed to spray larger dots.
Airbrushed sides orange.
An airbus is an airliner
Airbuses usually have rows of seats along side lavatories or galleys.
Airconditioned cabins are available.
Aircooled engine is the invitement of the past, but the coolest song of the future.
Aircraft accident reports brief format.
Aircraft accidents are amongst the most carefully researched failures in all of engineering.
Aircraft accidents are amongst the most well-studied of failures in any engineering discipline.
Aircraft accidents can occur anywhere.
Aircraft carriers are airports at sea.
Aircraft carriers are capable of significant maintenance and repair while under way.
Aircraft carriers are expensive to build and are critical assets.
Aircraft carriers are ships.
Aircraft carriers are warships.
Aircraft carriers are weapons.
Aircraft carriers are, by definition, solely offensive weapons.
Aircraft carriers can travel the high seas indefinitely, and have all the pure water they can drink.
Aircraft carriers have a similar size of crew complement.
An aircraft carrier is a military vehicle
An aircraft carrier is a ship
Any aircraft carrier cuts an impressive profile along the waterfront.
Many aircraft carriers are nukes.
Aircraft crashes are especially difficult for disaster management for a variety of reasons.
Aircraft design is always a compromise.
Some aircraft designs are inherently unstable, or unflyable.
Aircraft designers have wind tunnels to test the aerodynamic behavior of their proposed designs.
Aircraft designers try to eliminate as many drag inducing features as possible.
Some aircraft designers use principles.
Aircraft dispatchers provide pilots with flight release, weather reports, and flight plans.
Aircraft engines are engines.
Aircraft engines are part of aircrafts.
Aircraft engines are parts.
Aircraft engines can also adopt a radial configuration , which allows more effective cooling.
Aircraft engines have dual ignition systems for safety and improved performance.
Aircraft engines produce many different emissions.
Aircraft engines use a sarazin or chilton type pendulous damper.
An aircraft engine is an engine
All aircraft engines have a fixed service life.
Some aircraft engines are part of aeroplanes.
Some aircraft engines are part of aircraft.
Some aircraft engines are part of airplanes.
Some aircraft engines are part of choppers.
Some aircraft engines are part of gliders.
Some aircraft engines are part of helicopters.
Some aircraft engines are part of jets.
Some aircraft engines are part of planes.
Aircraft evacuation is available in emergencies.
Aircraft fuel continues to be a subject of considerable interest.
Aircraft fuel is available.
Aircraft instruments overhauls.
Aircraft maintenance is hard work.
Aircraft manufacture industries include steel.
Aircraft manufacturers are understandably interested in the durability of their products.
Aircraft manufacturers benefit from open international markets.
Aircraft manufacturers can no longer sell surplus airplane parts to the public.
Aircraft manufacturers use the system to help potential clients discover new revenue opportunities.
Aircraft mechanics are mechanics.
Aircraft mechanics are the unsung heroes of the global aviation industry.
Aircraft mechanics have to be licensed, and that's a good career choice.
Aircraft mechanics inspect aircraft on a regularly scheduled basis.
Aircraft mechanics inspect, service, and repair helicopters and airplanes.
Aircraft mechanics maintain and repair aircraft structures and mechanical and hydraulic systems.
Aircraft mechanics take care of scheduled maintenance, make repairs, and do inspections.
Many aircraft mechanics specialize in maintenance.
Many aircraft mechanics specialize in preventive maintenance.
Many aircraft mechanics work only in preventive maintenance.
Some aircraft models hold their value better than others do.
Aircraft noise affects communities surrounding or located near airports.
Aircraft noise can lead to stress, manifesting itself in a lack of concentration.
Aircraft noise has an effect on sleep.
Aircraft noise is an everyday annoyance to the millions living near airports.
Aircraft noise is damaging prehistoric structures and compromising visitor experience.
Most aircraft noise is generated by propeller tip noise.
Some aircraft noise is weather related.
Some aircraft operators require that their pilots practice emergency procedures.
Many aircraft parts consist of laminated materials where waterjet is the only solution.
Aircraft pilots check equipment and controls before takeoff.
Aircraft pilots fly commercial, private, corporate and government airplanes and helicopters.
Aircraft recognition is a multiple-choice test on identifying different aircrafts.
Aircraft safety is based on the reliability of consequence-limiting systems and equipment.
Aircraft simulators are a good example.
All aircraft structures are semi-monocoque type with stressed skin.
Many aircraft structures have a fiberglass skin and honeycomb paper and resin core.
Aircraft types are available from the home page.
Aircraft types covered include fighter, attack, bomber cargo, patrol and electronic warfare.
More aircraft types means more complexity, but greater flexibility.
Aircraft wings are airfoils .
Aircraft wings are de-iced by soaking the plane with thousands of gallons of ethylene glycol.
Aircraft accomodates up to four litters.
Aircraft alloys for the strongest parts.
Aircraft also are on hand to continue searching.
Aircraft also climb slower in hot, humid air.
Aircraft also generate more atmospheric pollution per person km than road vehicles.
Aircraft are a vital tool in managing our natural resources efficiently.
Aircraft are also available for charter to any New Zealand location.
Aircraft are also available from other bases in European countries and from aircraft carriers.
Aircraft are also capable of mining enemy-held inland waterways.
Aircraft are also efficient vehicles for transporting microbes.
Aircraft are also in an entirely different category.
Aircraft are also increasingly vulnerable as more functions come under electronic control.
Aircraft are as much a part of the battlefield as tanks and artillery.
Aircraft are available for departure within a specified time, greater than one-half hour.
Aircraft are available for departure within one-half hour.
Aircraft are available for rent by qualified pilots.
Aircraft are available to businesses through the following arrangements.
Aircraft are complex, high energy machines.
Aircraft are easy to photograph when they are taxiing or preparing to take off.
Aircraft are expensive to buy and to operate.
Aircraft are extremely expensive to procure and maintain.
Aircraft are in restoration, on display, or in flying condition.
Aircraft are inbound or are attacking locally now.
Aircraft are modern, service is good, and the fares are reasonably priced.
Aircraft are no different.
Aircraft are overworked and increasingly unreliable.
Aircraft are particularly sensitive to fatigue because of their thin, highly stressed structures.
Aircraft are particularly vulnerable to fragment damage as are personnel.
Aircraft are particularly well-suited for infrared astronomy.
Aircraft are perhaps some of the best examples of over-design in engineering.
Aircraft are present.
Aircraft are somewhat like balloons.
Aircraft are subject to prior sale or removal from market.
Aircraft are subject to real-world constraints such as refueling needs and refurbish times.
Aircraft are the only means of application in rugged terrain and unthinned mid-rotation stands.
Aircraft are the sole means of travel for many residents, tourists and most hunters.
Aircraft are useful for photographing landscapes, soil patterns, and land use.
Aircraft are usually medium sized but the flights usually have brief stops in other cities.
Aircraft are usually subject to the tax laws of the state in which the aircraft is domiciled.
Aircraft are vulnerable to fire, power loss, technical defects and environmental extremes.
Aircraft are well maintained, and our staff is well versed in first-aid.
Aircraft avoid flying at the altitude at which lenticulus clouds form.
Aircraft burst into flames.
Aircraft can alternate positions to minimize bias or system-failure problems.
Aircraft can engage ships with cruise missiles at greater range now.
Aircraft can fly great distances today to deliver a bomb on target.
Aircraft can leave gates as early as possible allowing arriving aircraft faster gate access.
Aircraft can receive maintenance after the flight, on the ground.
Aircraft can reveal a spy just as good as any other unit.
Aircraft can sustain more damage before being killed.
Aircraft can turn either towards or away from each other.
Aircraft carry cargo.
Aircraft carry passengers.
Aircraft charters nationwide.
Aircraft circulate around the whole North Pacific from bases in Hawaii, Japan, and the west coast.
Aircraft comes with an extensive set of manuals at no additional price.
Aircraft continue to become quieter, more efficient, and environmentally friendly.
Aircraft crashes due to alleged airframe failures.
Aircraft crashes due to engine failures.
Aircraft create several types of air pollution.
Aircraft depend upon electronic navigation and communication equipment.
Aircraft detach to support army units in other parts of the nation as required.
Aircraft display at the airport entrance.
Aircraft do have limits in crosswinds and wind gusts and things that they can operate in.
Aircraft drag polar determination.
Aircraft encounters with strong coherent vortices over the boreal forest.
Aircraft enjoy the most liberal business use exemption.
Aircraft excise tax.
Aircraft fly as a result of and in spite of many forces acting on the aircraft.
Aircraft fly in atmospheres.
Aircraft fly on their wings.
Aircraft fly over the Great Pyramids during military exercises.
Aircraft flying from a carrier are likely to face such a hazard.
Aircraft flying polar routes near the geomagnetic poles are at particular risk.
Aircraft get up to their usual tricks of fighting each other and bombing ground units.
Aircraft handles funny.
Aircraft hangar foam systems usually involve overhead closed-head water sprinklers.
Aircraft hangars and fuel servicing areas.
Aircraft hangars, parts, supplies, merchandise, and equipment.
Aircraft has a custom paint scheme.
Aircraft has negative ground so use only negatively grounded power cart.
Aircraft has old hail marks, most notably on some control surfaces.
Aircraft have (part) aircraft engines.
Aircraft have (part) bases.
Aircraft have (part) ceilings.
Aircraft have (part) floors.
Aircraft have (part) fuel gauges.
Aircraft have (part) fuel indicators.
Aircraft have (part) fuel lines.
Aircraft have (part) fuel systems.
Aircraft have (part) gas gages.
Aircraft have (part) gas gauges.
Aircraft have (part) gas lines.
Aircraft have (part) gas tanks.
Aircraft have (part) gasoline gages.
Aircraft have (part) gasoline gauges.
Aircraft have (part) gasoline tanks.
Aircraft have (part) petrol gages.
Aircraft have (part) petrol gauges.
Aircraft have (part) petrol lines.
Aircraft have (part) petrol tanks.
Aircraft have (part) power trains.
Aircraft have (part) room light.
Aircraft have (part) sections.
Aircraft have (part) walls.
Aircraft have a finite useful economic or service life.
Aircraft have a wide variety of instruments that react differently to electromagnetic radiation.
Aircraft have another layer of detail generally missing in ships and subs.
Aircraft have avionic systems, engine systems, airframe systems.
Aircraft have energy.
Aircraft have kinetic energy.
Aircraft have many distinct advantages in determining optical turbulence.
Aircraft have potential energy.
Aircraft have rules.
Aircraft have to have been built and flown successfully at least once.
Aircraft have wide choice of routes, so tracking ships are unlikely to see it on the way in.
Aircraft icing Icing is one of the biggest aviation weather hazards, especially for small aircraft.
Aircraft includes airplanes, rotocraft, and lighter than air vehicles.
Aircraft is almost ready for first flight, is predicted for oct.
Aircraft is an absolute delight to fly.
Aircraft is equiped with pitch and roll control for hands off flying.
Aircraft is extremely tidy and well maintained with mid-life engine.
Aircraft is first Allied loss in Balkan conflict.
Aircraft is fully de-iced.
Aircraft is immediately available.
Aircraft is in new condition.
Aircraft is licensed in the Restricted category.
Aircraft is modified for solo operation from rear cockpit.
Aircraft is mostly white with brown tail section.
Aircraft is mostly yellow with red and blue eagles on each side.
Aircraft is offered subject to prior sale or withdrawal from market.
Aircraft is pressure checked, defueled, and weighed.
Aircraft is said to be repairable.
Aircraft is stable, ie.
Aircraft is subject change, prior sale and retraction from the market.
Aircraft is subject to availability, prior sale, or removal from the market without further notice.
Aircraft is subject to availability.
Aircraft is subject to prior sale and retraction from the market.
Aircraft is subject to prior sale or removal from the market.
Aircraft is tan with light and dark brown stripes with gold accent.
Aircraft is the only example in Australia.
Aircraft is white with blue and red stripes and has NO wheel pants.
Aircraft is white with blue trim.
Aircraft is white with red trim and yellow wing tips.
Aircraft isa craft.
Aircraft lack adequate defensive systems and protective equipment.
Aircraft landing on carriers have a tail hook that is extended prior to landing.
Aircraft lands in tree.
Aircraft lands with a parachute.
Aircraft launch forward, into the wind, and are recovered from astern.
Aircraft leaves a trail of oxidized paint chips on takeoff.
Aircraft loads estimation.
Aircraft lose lift at high temperatures.
Aircraft make up one of the most profitable sales items.
Aircraft means a device that is used or intended to be used for flight.
Aircraft means any machine designed for flight for applying pesticides.
Aircraft moving in and out of heated hangars, to the extreme cold, strains the fuel systems.
Aircraft needs better balance during flight.
Aircraft normally circle at a much wider distance, for reasons of air safety and passenger comfort.
Aircraft now have functioning landing gear.
Aircraft now move over a fixed route system developed in the days of radio beacons.
Aircraft operate best when flying into the wind.
Aircraft owned and registered in a foreign country are exempt.
Aircraft owned by any government agency are exempt.
Aircraft participating in the test period are general aviation, military, and commercial aircraft.
Aircraft perform poorly when taking off and landing in tail wind conditions.
Aircraft pick up and delivery can also be arranged.
Aircraft pins from corporate planes and jets, to warbird fighters, modern and old.
Aircraft pose a different challenge.
Aircraft powered by jet, piston, or rocket engines are capable of sustained flight.
Aircraft provide stability and flexibility.
Aircraft pull up to the main sorting building.
Aircraft reach high altitudes where the air is thin.
Aircraft receive instructions from a flight controller.
Aircraft remains in control at all times.
Aircraft replenish automatically at no cost to the player.
Aircraft requiring longer take off runs.
Aircraft rides for up to three people.
Aircraft roll during data collection.
Aircraft scream across the skies, their afterburners howling.
Aircraft seems light and oddly buoyant.
Aircraft sit idle for lack of spare parts.
Aircraft spark plug inspection and servicing.
Aircraft strikes the water.
Aircraft support on-site.
Aircraft then fly box pattern at one-half cloud base height.
Aircraft then fly to the site and apply the insecticide.
Aircraft turn in circular motions, following a circumference around a central point.
Aircraft use either short or long term retardants.
Aircraft use fuel.
Aircraft use in Missouri.
Aircraft wake turbulence and airport capacity.
Aircraft wake vortex turbulence.
Aircraft widens at the air intakes and tapers to the rear.
Aircrafts are crafts.
Aircrafts are located in air.
Aircrafts are located in skies.
Aircrafts are used for flies.
Aircrafts are used for lands.
Aircrafts are used for transport.
Aircrafts have to queue for take-off, and are increasingly caught in holding patterns when landing.
Aircrafts sample the data at various rate.
An aircraft is a craft
Aircraft often have their lifespans extended through refurbishing programs.
All aircraft are actual CAFF aircraft.
All aircraft are as such.
All aircraft are available for solo rental upon completion of checkout requirements.
All aircraft are fatigue tested by the manufacturers and they have a life.
All aircraft are subject to prior sale and retraction from the market.
All aircraft are subject to prior sale or removal from the market without notice.
All aircraft are to be refueled after each flight.
All aircraft are to follow planned flight course.
All aircraft are under cover and beautifully maintained in static condition.
All aircraft begin flying level.
All aircraft can accept cargo.
All aircraft fly with the same performance level.
All aircraft generate two cones, at the nose and at the tail.
All aircraft have an installed intercom.
All aircraft have at least a two-place intercom.
All aircraft have different flying characteristics but all respond similarly to the basics.
All aircraft have fuel gauges for each fuel tank to indicate the quantity of fuel.
All aircraft have hydro-mechanic control system and covered air intakes.
All aircraft have two-way communication which provides for a more informative flight.
All aircraft require a park-use permit.
All aircraft require periodic inspections.
All aircraft undergo deep cleaning after every flight.
All aircraft welcome, from business jets to microlights.
All aircraft welcome, including microlights.
Every aircraft has a minimum speed it needs to maintain flight.
Every aircraft has one and it needs to be repaired.
Every aircraft has procedures to follow in case of an emergency.
Many aircraft are on display and educational programs are available to the public.
Many aircraft remain trapped at the airport.
Many aircraft use two pilots.
More aircraft can use optimal routes, with significant fuel savings.
Most aircraft carry cargo.
Most aircraft carry passengers.
Most aircraft designs no longer use a stabilizer with elevator arrangement.
Most aircraft fly in atmospheres.
Most aircraft have a higher incidence of landing accidents than any other phase of flight.
Most aircraft have a Pitot tube wind speed indicator.
Most aircraft have differential braking.
Most aircraft have energy.
Most aircraft have kinetic energy.
Most aircraft have potential energy.
Most aircraft seen today are monoplanes, that is they have only one set of wings.
Most aircraft use engine power .
Most aircraft use engine power.
Most aircraft use fuel.
Most aircraft use hydraulics in the braking systems and landing gear.
Some aircraft also feature air brakes designed to reduce their speed in flight.
Some aircraft are especially configured to transport livestock.
Some aircraft are just better in the wind than others.
Some aircraft fly along the coast, especially when the weather is good.
Some aircraft fly in lower stratosphere.
Some aircraft fly in stratosphere.
Some aircraft have a bleeder valve located in the upper brake line.
Some aircraft have a few seats that are larger than normal.
Some aircraft have a manual fire wall shutoff valve operated by cable linkage.
Some aircraft have a very sensitive balance point while others have a broad balance point.
Some aircraft have both cable and a pushrod system.
Some aircraft have images.
Some aircraft have impact.
Some aircraft have no number designation or official name.
Some aircraft have significant impact.
Some aircraft keep in the sky by floating .
Some aircraft keep in the sky by floating.
Some aircraft keep in the sky by moving air over their wings .
Some aircraft keep in the sky by moving air over their wings.
Some aircraft lose power.
Some Aircraft Predate to the Korean War.
Some aircraft require a specific torque to be applied to the axle nut.
Some aircraft require operation of inflight ice protection equipment when operating on the ground.
Some aircraft require resetting of the landing gear dump valves before recycling the landing gear.
Some aircraft require the extension of the center screw to provide for clearance of the gear doors.
Some aircraft transmit upper air data.
Some aircraft use a flaperon system.
Some aircraft use the needle-type shutoff valve in their landing gear and bomb bay systems.
Some aircraft utilize pneumatic systems for their brakes, landing gear and movement of flaps.
Aircrew losses have enormous social, financial, political, and tactical costs.
Aircrew members receive flight pay in addition to regular pay.
Aircrew members train more often to meet flight qualification standards.
Aircrews are crews.
Aircrews can expect a great welcome party upon their arrival with food and beverages.
Aircrews have to be confident with that.
An aircrew is a crew
Some aircrew load the airplanes with cargo, mail, people, or hospital patients.
Some aircrews finish early, some late.
Airdrops are complex and delicate operations.
An airdrop is a delivery
Aires freom east timor.
Airedale ears are also expressive.
All airfare payments are subject to airline cancellation fees.
All airfare travel is with a major airline on their regular scheduled route.
Airfares also differ between seasons.
Airfares are additional to course and other fees.
Airfares are also to be met by the student.
Airfares are available from all major getaway cities.
Airfares are available on many different carriers from all major U.S. departure gateways.
Airfares are available upon request.
Airfares are capacity controlled and the lowest fares sell first.
Airfares are capacity controlled, non-refundable and restrictions apply.
Airfares are cheap now.
Airfares are cheap.
Airfares are each way, based on round-trip purchase.
Airfares are extra.
Airfares are fares.
Airfares are literally here today, gone tomorrow.
Airfares are only a small part of the overall cost of travel.
Airfares are pretty low already for people who go shopping.
Airfares are round trip unless otherwise noted.
Airfares are roundtrip unless otherwise noted.
Airfares are roundtrip unless otherwise stated.
Airfares are sometimes a lot cheaper to that city.
Airfares are steady, but hotel rates are much lower.
Airfares are steep and bookings tight.
Airfares are subject to availability.
Airfares are subject to change and confirmed only at time of booking.
Airfares are subject to change and strictly enforced baggage limits apply.
Airfares are subject to change at any time.
Airfares are subject to change until tickets are purchased.
Airfares are subject to change without notice from air carriers.
Airfares are subject to change without notice, based on available seating and airline fares.
Airfares are subject to change without notice.
Airfares are subject to change.
Airfares are subject to eligibility requirements and seating limitations.
Airfares are up customer satisfaction is down.
Airfares can change overnight without prior notice.
Airfares change constantly and airlines only guarantee the fare once the ticket is issued.
Airfares change constantly and are subject to availability.
Airfares change daily.
Airfares do fluctuate, and sales have been running, but now is a good time.
Airfares Find out what to pay for a plane ticket.
Airfares go up and down every day for complex reasons.
Airfares require accommodation to be prebooked.
Airfares tend to be competitive, so it's a good idea to shop around.
Airfares travel vacations hotels trips.
Airfares vary with the travel seasons and are subject to availability.
An airfare is transportation
All airfare is quoted separately.
All airfare is subject to change without notice until tickets are issued.
All airfares are additional.
All airfares are subject to availability and to change by the airlines.
All airfares are subject to change and government approval.
All airfares are subject to change by the airlines without notice.
All airfares are subject to change without notice.
All airfares are subject to change.
All airfares are subject to changes and availability by the airlines prior to ticketing.
All airfares are subject to government approval and are subject to change without notice.
All airfares are valid for travel in either direction.
All airfares shown above are subject to change without prior notice.
Airfields are important because the primary element of control in the game is the air group.
Airfields determine supply bases and headquarter sites.
An airfield is a facility
Many airfields operate a special pattern for helicopters to take account of their low airspeed.
Airflow control is much more stable and reliable than differential pressure control.
Airflow monitors keep track of how often and how long the apneic events last.
Airflow obstruction is a common consequence, and pneumonia is a critical complication.
Airflow obstruction is at least partially reversible.
Airflow patterns are extremely important when selecting and positioning a purifier in a room.
Airflow requirements are smaller for drier grain.
Airflow requirements change based on the material being conveyed.
Airflow requirements vary with animal size and outside weather conditions.
Airflow reversal is counter-productive to producing lift and rotor thrust.
Airfoil definitions are in separate files.
Airfoil performance is determined by the ratio of lift to drag.
Airfoil performance is gauged by the ratio of lift to drag.
Airfoil sections are of two basic types, symmetrical and nonsymmetrical .
Airfoils are critical to efficient operation of a fume hood.
Airfoils are critical to the performance and the reliability of steam turbines.
Airfoils are devices.
Airfoils can come with all kinds of combinations of camber and thickness distributions.
Airfoils move through the air, creating an interaction between air and airfoils.
An airfoil is a device
All airfoils are fully shaped, dihedral angles correctly cut with templates included for assembly.
Airforce is a service
Airforce is the longest course among the threes.
Airframe parts are all epoxy primed ready for covering.
Airframes are books.
Airframes are frameworks.
Airframes are our specialty.
An airframe is a framework
Most airframes are capable of delivering a variety of submunitions.
Some airframes are already beyond economical repair.
Most airfreight carriers require crating the bike.
Airfreight service is provided to six additional communities.
Airgun ammunition is a simple pellet posing no fire or explosive hazard.
Airgun competition is also an official Olympic event for both men and women.
Airgun maintenance is a topic that many adult airgun users find confusing.
Airguns are quiet, modestly powered, extraordinarily accurate mechanical works of art.
An airgun is a gun
All airguns can be and are used for plinking, target shooting, pest control and hunting.
Airheads appreciate function over form, fact over fiction, and friendship over friction.
Airheads are earthy people who like to camp.
Airheads are films.
Airheads are simpletons.
Airheads believe that the simplest engineering solutions are best.
Airheads maintain their own motorcycles.
An airhead is a person
Airing is excursions.
AirLifeLine pilots own or rent their aircraft.
Airlift operation is extremely costly and materially increases the POL supply problem.
Airlift tends to get a low priority in peacetime, but that changes when conflict begins.
An airlift is a transfer
Airline alliances overview .
Airline codes Contains a fairly comprehensive list of airlines and their codes.
Airline companies buy oil futures to protect against future price changes.
Airline companies experience the problem around major events, like the Super Bowl.
Airline companies operate in close contact with state and local governments.
Airline companies use e-mail releases to announce many of their special fares.
Most airline companies require applicants to be college graduates.
Most airline companies require control of urine and feces.
Airline crashes are always big news because they are such rare events.
Airline crews have limits on their work hours to protect the public's safety, as do truckers.
Some airline crews claim to have been experiencing delays in getting to their planes.
Airline food is still wretched and disgusting.
Airline food starts to taste good.
Airline meals are typically high in fat and preservatives, while low in carbohydrates.
Airline miles are inexpensive.
Airline miles build loyalty to the airlines.
Airline miles work.
Airline pilots are typically away from home more than other careers.
Airline Pilots confer with company flight dispatchers and weather forecasters.
Airline pilots face the same problem.
Airline pilots flying international routes communicate with their controllers in English.
Airline pilots have checklists.
Airline pilots make their living flying the big tin.
Airline pilots receive six years training.
Airline pilots run through a written checklist of safety measures before each flight.
Airline Pilots Speak Out.
Most airline pilots are college graduates.
Most airline pilots are former military and are experienced with firearms.
Most airline pilots are members of unions.
Airline regulation is touted as the epitome of successful deregulation.
Airline regulations prohibit using wireless phones while in the air.
Airline safety is a big deal.
Airline safety is now dependent simply on economics.
Airline seats are difficult, and first class is SO expensive.
Airline seats are smaller, planes are crowded and room to breathe is at a premium.
Airline seats are smalls.
Airline seats have designations.
Airline tickets are accountable documents.
Airline tickets are an e-mail away.
Airline tickets are another example.
Airline tickets are cheaper.
Airline tickets are easy to purchase for all airlines.
Airline tickets are frequently non-refundable.
Airline tickets are limited to one ticket per room.
Airline tickets are never transferable to another person.
Airline tickets are no exception - even though lots of people look for fare deals on the web.
Airline tickets are non refundable once issued.
Airline tickets are nonrefundable and non-changeable.
Airline tickets are nonrefundable and nontransferable.
Airline tickets are non-refundable.
Airline tickets are non-transferable.
Airline tickets are normally cheaper in advance.
Airline tickets are now one of the most purchased consumer items on the Internet.
Airline tickets are often non-refundable.
Airline tickets are round-trip.
Airline tickets are search engine screensavers show fonts and telephone yellow pages.
Airline tickets are subject to the cancellation policy of the airline.
Airline tickets are tickets.
Airline tickets are valid for a two month stay.
Airline tickets can be expensive.
Airline tickets consume the largest percentage of our budget.
Airline tickets have no cash value.
Airline tickets represent cash and, as such, require the appropriate controls.
All airline tickets are for round-trip travel.
All airline tickets are non-refundable.
Any airline tickets issued are subject to the carrier's refund policy.
Many airline tickets are fully non-refundable once the tickets have been issued.
Most airline tickets are nonrefundable and nontransferable.
Most airline tickets are non-transferrable.
Airline approved carriers are the best.
Airline crates work well.
Airline have two-letter codes.
Airline prefers that passenger boards by wheelchair.
Airline reward their best customers with free air travel.
Airline rims etc.
Airline safely is similar, and now there are even federal laws against smoking on planes.
Airline targets small businesses as it unveils company's first separately branded Web product.
Airline upgrades to first class are an excellent example.
Airline Use with all rubber, plastic and other flexible hoses.
Airlines accept no liability for fragile or perishable articles.
Airlines advise that mild exercise can help prevent blood clots.
Airlines agree to sell each other's tickets on some routes.
Airlines allot only a certain number of student fare tickets.
Airlines allow a limited number of pets on each flight, so early reservations count.
Airlines allow children under the age of two to ride on an adult's lap for free.
Airlines allow new diseases to travel around the earth in hours.
Airlines allow one carry-on bag per passenger.
Airlines also cite concerns about hot weather as a reason for the summer restrictions.
Airlines also have laws, procedures, principles, and regulations.
Airlines also offer special online discounts.
Airlines also provide service between North America and Australia.
Airlines also run specials.
Airlines also treat their frequent business travelers better.
Airlines also vary in their treatment of pets.
Airlines are a classic example.
Airlines are a service business.
Airlines are able to drive down costs and generate new revenues through the Internet.
Airlines are able to use their treasury staff more efficiently, thus saving personnel cost.
Airlines are airlines.
Airlines are also a source of such information.
Airlines are also capital intensive businesses.
Airlines are also partially to blame.
Airlines are an exception.
Airlines are an important component of regional economies.
Airlines are at odd about changes in bilateral aviation agreements.
Airlines are big business.
Airlines are business.
Airlines are commercial carriers which make a lot of money from ticket revenue.
Airlines are common carriers.
Airlines are crazy broke.
Airlines are desperate to hire qualified candidates.
Airlines are free to pay whatever they wish to volunteers.
Airlines are Garuda Indonesia, which travel to international destination and domestic location.
Airlines are generally very efficient at handling live animals in transit.
Airlines are getting ruthless about carry-ons, so check size limits.
Airlines are highly unionized, with strict seniority provisions.
Airlines are hose.
Airlines are hot.
Airlines are in business to turn a profit.
Airlines are in the midst of a fare war.
Airlines are in the service industry and the human factor is critical to the equation.
Airlines are interested in yield management.
Airlines are lines.
Airlines are more health-conscious than they've ever been.
Airlines are no different from other businesses.
Airlines are notorious for losing and damaging baggage.
Airlines are notorious for stuffing everything in paper jackets.
Airlines are now in their worst ever position.
Airlines are now more focused on the bottom line.
Airlines are odd.
Airlines are on the verge of collapse as a terrified nation is afraid to fly.
Airlines are out to change that.
Airlines are particularly vulnerable to the currency devaluations in the region.
Airlines are reluctant to train too many pilots because training is so expensive.
Airlines are safer after deregulation.
Airlines are secretive about what third parties pay for their miles.
Airlines are service companies.
Airlines are so concerned, they plan to take a holiday from flying.
Airlines are still a people business.
Airlines are subject to intense competition.
Airlines are subject to the Air Carrier Access Act.
Airlines are such an easy target for reproach.
Airlines are the beggest test bag for large scale integer programming in industry.
Airlines are the hardest.
Airlines are the most categorizing organizations off the face of the earth.
Airlines are the same way.
Airlines are then responsible for handling checkpoints and luggage screening.
Airlines are transportation.
Airlines are under great pressure to get their flights out on time.
Airlines ask for volunteers to give up their seats and they receive compensation for doing so.
Airlines attempt to charge higher prices to business travellers and lower prices to tourists.
Airlines awry The current prime example of deregulation gone astray is the airline industry.
Airlines base the typical corporate contract on a discount of their market pricing.
Airlines based in other countries have different regulations.
Airlines basically allot a certain number of seats for each economy fare level offered.
Airlines begin accepting reservations eleven months ahead of the scheduled date of departure.
Airlines begin building back their schedules.
Airlines begin screening passengers to prevent hijackings.
Airlines begin to implement methods of gaining Internet access while flying.
Airlines benefit, too.
Airlines blame air traffic controllers.
Airlines buy a plane, hotel companies build a hotel.
Airlines can add a water-soluble oil called glutaraldehyde to the mix.
Airlines can also expand and contract their operations during the day and over the years.
Airlines can also finetune their operations and marketing.
Airlines can also play a vital role in ensuring that individuals have complete and proper documents.
Airlines can analyze travel patterns.
Airlines can and do change fares several times throughout a day.
Airlines can and do place limitations on the number and size of carry-on bags.
Airlines can be highly selective with so many applicants.
Airlines can build up a micro organism biofilm in the same way as water lines.
Airlines can differenciate themselves from the competition through frequent flyer programs.
Airlines can do a blanket fax broadcast to promote seat sales.
Airlines can log in and see how much fuel left they have at the airport.
Airlines can offer frequent flights through their hubs to an array of destinations.
Airlines can participate in the CARE program in two ways.
Airlines can play a big part in encouraging airports to improve their facilities for the disabled.
Airlines can provide answers about their guidelines and industry regulations.
Airlines can provide wheelchairs narrow enough to negotiate the aisle of a plane.
Airlines can realize increased profits by producing a schedule that has greater revenue potential.
Airlines can refuse to accept fragile or damaged pieces.
Airlines can sell seats directly to passengers, shoe manufacturers to shoe-wearers.
Airlines can then decide if they are willing to sell tickets at that price.
Airlines can use tagged baggage.
Airlines carry cargo to make their regular scheduled flights more profitable.
Airlines change fare policies quickly, however, so call airlines regularly.
Airlines change their fares frequently.
Airlines change their prices regularly.
Airlines charge a bundle to fly at holiday time, and airports are maddeningly crowded.
Airlines charge business fliers far more to travel than they do non-business travelers.
Airlines charge for pet passengers.
Airlines charge handling fees for the extra work of contacting the beneficiary.
Airlines charge their highest rates for fares in and out of airports that have more traffic.
Airlines click here .
Airlines comply with safety regulations.
Airlines compose a sector.
Airlines consider it carry on luggage .
Airlines continue to cut back on their service since Hawaii is no longer profitable per se.
Airlines create the rules that govern the use of frequent-flyer miles.
Airlines deny any political motive behind their moves.
Airlines depart Honolulu to Kwajalein three times a week and proceeds on to Guam.
Airlines determine when demand is highest and lowest and price tickets accordingly.
Airlines dictate schedules.
Airlines didn t exist.
Airlines do it all the time.
Airlines do the rights thing .
Airlines drop marginal flights.
Airlines end up controlling gates, which is both inefficient and a barrier to competitors.
Airlines engage in many tricks to make their on-time statistics look better.
Airlines enlarge their capacity by increasing the number and size of planes in operation.
Airlines enlarge their capactiy by increasing the number and size of planes in operation.
Airlines experience strong third quarter.
Airlines explain that they are merely giving high-paying customers what they have paid for.
Airlines face a significant challenge - maximizing perishable inventory sales.
Airlines face a staggering tax burden.
Airlines fall schedule changes coincide with the change from daylight saving time to standard time.
Airlines fly along Indonesia and other countries.
Airlines flying from many other countries offer far less.
Airlines follow their own guidelines.
Airlines gain insights to improve their operational efficiency and profitability.
Airlines generally offer better deals there.
Airlines generally require health certificates from all shippers.
Airlines generally require proof of citizenship prior to boarding the flight.
Airlines generally restrict the number of seats that can be sold.
Airlines generally restrict the number of seats which can be sold at a discounted fare.
Airlines generally transport animals in the cargo compartment of a plane.
Airlines give away free on-line reservation software.
Airlines give it away as a reward to the frequent flyiers.
Airlines give low priority to goods for export.
Airlines hand out upgrade stickers for business class like lollipops to their most frequent flyers.
Airlines has numerous data capture devices on the shop floor monitoring work flow.
Airlines have a choice.
Airlines have a number of ways to avoid paying damages for any flight delay.
Airlines have a pretty set way of doing things, and mealtime is on their terms.
Airlines have a strict policy of never revealing flight information to passengers.
Airlines have a tendency to blame airport charges for their financial problems.
Airlines have an incredibly confusing pricing structure.
Airlines have autonomy as they seek to respond to consumer demands and preferences.
Airlines have differing policies for carrying dogs as baggage.
Airlines have for the most part cut off any animals in the cargo area for the summer.
Airlines have limits on baggage by weight and size that vary from carrier to carrier.
Airlines have little choice but to add services because competition within the market is fierce.
Airlines have little incentive to cut fares to fill their planes.
Airlines have many fares between any two cities.
Airlines have massive fixed costs for labor, fuel, and equipment.
Airlines have monopolies on certain routes.
Airlines have no control over passengers bring their own packets of nuts on board.
Airlines have or are developing their own procedures for handling unruly behaviour in flight.
Airlines have own services.
Airlines have regulations aimed at combating pilot fatigue caused by jet lag.
Airlines have special departments that handle groups.
Airlines have special offers.
Airlines have strict rules on the amount and size of both carry-on and checked luggage.
Airlines have temperature restrictions in cargo areas.
Airlines have temperature restrictions in their cargo areas.
Airlines have the resources, training and commitment to notify the next of kin.
Airlines have the right to cancel duplicate reservations.
Airlines have their pricing down to a fine art.
Airlines have thousands of empty seats each and every day.
Airlines have to get their manuals changed in order to use the system.
Airlines have to report injury and casualties also.
Airlines Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Airlines hesitate to unveil a complicated new system during the peak summer travel season.
Airlines hire and train the employees who dispatch, fly, and maintain their aircraft.
Airlines increasingly rely on general aviation as the source of new career pilots.
Airlines insist that their air is neither polluted nor unhealthy.
Airlines introduce additional security and insurance charges.
Airlines is a game of network-building and speculation.
Airlines is a great place to find an airline's web site.
Airlines is extremely proud to be associated with the following quality organizations.
Airlines is imported from Germany.
Airlines is the preferred carrier for domestic flights.
Airlines know that it's the right thing to do, but they're hiding behind a number of tired excuses.
Airlines know that the check-in procedures are deeply flawed.
Airlines know the public is willing to pay a pretty penny for the convenience of flying.
Airlines know they can do nothing with an empty seat that has left the ground.
Airlines leave summer vacationers little choice when it comes to endorsing politicians.
Airlines let their gold customers fly first class.
Airlines limit all passengers to two pieces of luggage and one carry-on.
Airlines limit the number and size of carry-ons.
Airlines limit the number of discounted seats on flights but increase the number during off-season.
Airlines limit the number of low cost seats on each flight.
Airlines look at the cards their competitors are holding.
Airlines look at the service as a means of adding value to their product.
Airlines look for the profitable routes.
Airlines lose luggage weekly.
Airlines love our graduates.
Airlines love to train.
Airlines make more profit at busier airports.
Airlines make reasonable efforts to accommodate the handicapped.
Airlines make their money on coach seating.
Airlines make their money when planes are in the air with lots of people in the seats.
Airlines manage e-mail in different ways.
Airlines manage travel planning with computerized reservation systems.
Airlines measure on-time departure performance from the moment the plane pulls away from the gate.
Airlines meet fire equipment installation deadline.
Airlines normally require cats to be kept in carrying cases in the pressurized luggage compartment.
Airlines now have a much more complex fare structure.
Airlines now have strict rules on the amount and size of both carry-on and checked baggage.
Airlines now jockey to offer the most legroom, best menus and most comfortable seats for sleeping.
Airlines now require a government issued photo ID upon check-in.
Airlines offer a special service for single parents that are traveling alone with a baby.
Airlines offer little more than the tiny, salty rations of peanuts or pretzels for short flights.
Airlines offer off-peak discounts and hotel rooms cost more during peak tourist seasons.
Airlines offer special deals to the business traveler.
Airlines offer the best example of simulation training.
Airlines offer two methods of travel for pets.
Airlines offer vegetarian and low-fat options.
Airlines only accept payment in hard currency from visitors.
Airlines operate flights at all hours of the day and night, so work schedules often are irregular.
Airlines operate on strict seniority based on date of hire.
Airlines operate on strict timetables.
Airlines operate only a small proportion of the aircraft used in Australia.
Airlines operate under domestic general tariff rules that apply to all fares.
Airlines operating to either of the airports get priority services to both airports.
Airlines overbook seats, and it's legal.
Airlines oversee passengers and cargo.
Airlines oversell their flights because some passengers never show up to claim their seats.
Airlines pay a flat landing fee based on an airplane's weight.
Airlines prefer applicants with no visible tattoos.
Airlines prefer cans because they're lighter and take up less room.
Airlines prefer to deal with students and vacationers rather than business travelers.
Airlines prefer to hire job candidates who have experience working with the public.
Airlines primarily exist to move passengers, which includes moving their baggage.
Airlines profit by filling their planes with passengers.
Airlines provide a good example.
Airlines provide a variety of reduced fare plans and early booking can create substantial savings.
Airlines provide life vests for every passenger.
Airlines provide staff to assist handicapped and elderly passengers upon prior notice.
Airlines provide training for flight attendants.
Airlines recommend that travelers arrive at the airport at least two hours ahead of departure time.
Airlines reduce fares to fill empty seats all the time.
Airlines remain in close contact with the supplier, buying spares and dealing with technical issues.
Airlines report that participants have almost filled regular flights into the city.
Airlines reports it has lost two aircraft.
Airlines require documentation of lost items before they ll pay off for a lost or damage.
Airlines reserve the right to cancel or change schedules without notice.
Airlines reserve the right to cancel or delay flights at the last minute.
Airlines reserve the right to change baggage allowances at any time.
Airlines reserve the right to change equipment or schedules without notice.
Airlines reserve the right to change their fares at any time without notice.
Airlines reserve the right to discontinue a fare at any time without notice.
Airlines reserve the right to end programs with six months notice.
Airlines reserve the right to impose full cancellation penalties.
Airlines respect a military background.
Airlines respond to money.
Airlines respond to the stick.
Airlines respond with offers for free flights.
Airlines return to regular routing sooner.
Airlines routinely ask passengers if their luggage has ever been out of their sight.
Airlines routinely overbook to compensate for no-shows.
Airlines routinely schedule multiple aircraft to depart from the same airport at the same time.
Airlines run the nation's checkpoints and have done so on the cheap to protect bottom lines.
Airlines save a bundle in recycling air.
Airlines save money and satisfy passengers by reducing delays in the air and on the ground.
Airlines say that hidden-city tickets violate their fare rules.
Airlines say the equipment is too slow.
Airlines say their business travel market is shrinking fast.
Airlines say they want one rule for all companies and all flights.
Airlines schedule airplanes to operate to several destinations around the country.
Airlines schedule banks of flights into and out of their hubs several times a day.
Airlines See our travel pages for travel to Jersey.
Airlines seem to be taking the success in stride.
Airlines sell a certain number of tickets at different prices for each flight.
Airlines sell booklets of senior-discount coupons.
Airlines sell nonrefundable low-cost fares and charge a fee to make itinerary change.
Airlines sell only a limited number of seats at the lowest fares.
Airlines sell travel kennels of molded fiberglass, also lightweight and versatile.
Airlines send incentives to frequent fliers who are flying less frequently.
Airlines send trainees to IPTC for ab initio flight training.
Airlines serve martinis to passengers in little bottles.
Airlines set ticket prices based on what passengers at that time are willing to pay.
Airlines show in-flight movies and sell access to headphones.
Airlines specialize in customer disservice, and the media are pretty good at it, too.
Airlines start by estimating the cost of each flight.
Airlines streamline crews and resources to maximize efficiency.
Airlines subsidize their leisure travelers by charging business travelers as much as possible.
Airlines suggest calling ahead to check the status of flights, making sure they are on time.
Airlines tend to arrange everything in little paper folders.
Airlines tend to be suspicious of fraud .
Airlines tend to discount an upturn in the economy six months ahead.
Airlines tend to increase their prices as seats fill up.
Airlines tend to overbook their flights in case of no-shows.
Airlines think of themselves as factories that manufacture revenue-seat miles.
Airlines track the sale of every seat on every flight.
Airlines trim expenses wherever they can.
Airlines truly welcome all types of past work experience.
Airlines try to accommodate passengers' schedule preferences, which creates heavy runway demand.
Airlines typically charge extra when a passenger checks more than two bags.
Airlines typically charge more for tickets if trips exceed thirty days in duration.
Airlines typically don t have sales to Europe then, so consolidators take advantage of the season.
Airlines typically operate at a small multiple of fuel costs.
Airlines typically provide original scheduled data well after delays have already occurred.
Airlines use an aircraft.
Airlines use consolidators to move market share and fill low yield seats in various market sectors.
Airlines use reusable hardware and fly their aircraft several times every day.
Airlines use seat-miles to get the best possible numbers.
Airlines use the system to fill otherwise vacant seats.
Airlines use validity tests to ensure that a urine sample comes from the employee tested.
Airlines vary in the interview process.
Airlines vary, so check with the air carrier on exact cost.
Airlines wishing to purchase Soaring planes, place their orders with the Seattle headquarters.
An airline is a tube
Airlines always board from their designated concourses.
Airlines always board their first-class cabins and frequent flyer passengers first.
Airlines frequently make changes to scheduled flights.
Airlines frequently overbook flights.
Airlines frequently overbook.
Airlines often charge less for the round trip tickets.
Airlines often give discounted fares for children and students.
Airlines often have youth , couple , and family rates on domestic flights.
Airlines often overbook their planes to ensure that they are filled to capacity on every flight.
Airlines often reinstate a promotion if it worked.
Airlines often require a minimum check-in time before the flight leaves.
Airlines often restrict the boarding privileges of such individuals.
Airlines often save bulkhead seats for the physically disabled.
Airlines sometimes promote baggage agents or reservation agents to ticket agents.
Airlines sometimes sell blocks of seats under their own code in another airline's cabin.
Airline usually asses penalty fees for changes and cancellations.
Airlines usually begin with the last person checked in.
Airlines usually enlarge their capacity by increasing the number and size of planes in operations.
Airlines usually give unaccompanied minors something to wear, such as a button or a badge.
Airlines usually make a charge for allowing the animal to travel in the aircraft.
Airlines usually make sure that any discounted tickets sold in the UK are only for UK departures.
Airlines usually refuse to pay for financial losses resulting from arrival delays.
All airlines adhere to the same system.
All airlines allow two pieces of luggage and a carry-on item.
All airlines are available through our computer system.
All airlines are welcome to participate in the project and obtain access to the database.
All airlines carry oxygen cylinders for use in emergencies.
All airlines charge for oxygen, but the charges vary.
All airlines face an even greater scheduling challenge.
All airlines have a domestic non-smoking policy.
All airlines have plans.
All airlines have restrictions.
All airlines look at performance.
All airlines provide wheelchair escort service.
All airlines rely on overtime to complete their schedules.
All airlines request that in-cabin pets be kept quiet and inside their carriers at all times.
All airlines request their passengers to check-in well before the scheduled departure time.
All airlines require a minimum of two hours check-in time.
All airlines reserve the right to further restrict carry-on limites on crowded flights.
All airlines specify their own standard departure procedures for their flight operations manuals.
Every airline has an arbitrator available at all times.
Every airline has the responsibility of bringing people up to speed.
Every airline is different.
Every airline is required to have wheelchairs available.
Every airline looks for a different type of person.
Every airline surveyed has an overnight policy.
Many airlines also have emergency teams in place that can assemble quickly in an emergency.
Many airlines also post updated information on their Web sites.
Many airlines also sell senior coupon books that offer substantial savings.
Many airlines depend on evaluation during initial training to weed out substandard pilots.
Many airlines do.
Many airlines favor high sugar snacks to jolt tired passengers awake.
Many airlines fly from the Washington area to New Orleans.
Many airlines form alliances through code sharing.
Many airlines have direct or connection flights to Prague.
Many airlines have discounts for children under age two.
Many airlines have further temperature-related restrictions.
Many airlines have limited space for live cargo.
Many airlines have pins for labelling children.
Many airlines have short- notice specials which are worth checking out.
Many airlines have short-notice specials which are worth checking out.
Many airlines limit the number of animals in every cabin.
Many airlines list up to four numbers.
Many airlines literally put on airs , providing first and business classes with fresher air.
Many airlines now encourage employees to report incidents.
Many airlines now offer electronic tickets as an alternative to standard paper tickets.
Many airlines now offer non-stop flights to Orlando.
Many airlines now offer online booking and ticketing.
Many airlines now offer the option to collect points for various airlines on one program.
Many airlines now tout gourmet fare created by famous chefs.
Many airlines offer a bounty to employees who confiscate such tickets.
Many airlines offer a seniors discount off any fare to travelers over a certain age.
Many airlines offer advance seat selection.
Many airlines offer discounted airfares if bookings are made well advance of departure.
Many airlines offer inexpensive flights to Las Vegas from cities all across the country.
Many airlines offer lower fares for certain days of travel.
Many airlines offer online booking facilities.
Many airlines offer special fares for students and seniors.
Many airlines permit a free stopover at the gateway point en route to the final destination.
Many airlines permit the transfer of frequent flyer miles from one spouse to another.
Many airlines produce cheaper flights for students if they can produce the necessary documentation.
Many airlines provide children s meals.
Many airlines refuse to fly animals if the temperature is too hot or too cold.
Many airlines require at least one other language in addition to English.
Many airlines restrict the use of ice and water.
Many airlines send out weekly emails advertising their Web specials.
Many airlines still fly the old warhorses, particularly in Asia.
Many airlines still require reconfirmation.
Many airlines take advantage of the skills of all three groups to help their new services succeed.
Many airlines use consolidators to fill empty seats with low-price fares.
Many airlines work partnerships or acquire small regional carriers.
Most airlines accept infant safety seats recommended for use in aircraft.
Most airlines accept it as a hand carry cabin luggage.
Most airlines allow certified search animals to fly free, unrestricted by containers.
Most airlines allow each passenger to check two pieces of luggage and carry-on only one piece.
Most airlines allow one carry on piece and two checked bags per person.
Most airlines allow one carry-on bag, sometimes two if the other is a purse, camera, or briefcase.
Most airlines allow oversize or overweight baggage or additional baggage for an additional fee.
Most airlines allow passengers three moderate-sized pieces of luggage free of charge.
Most airlines allow pets to be checked as cargo.
Most airlines allow the items listed below as carry-on or checked baggage.
Most airlines allow two carry-on bags and also a purse for either men or women.
Most airlines allow two carry-on bags.
Most airlines allow two pieces of checked baggage plus a carry-on without an additional charge.
Most airlines also have a group discount desk for large groups.
Most airlines also have offices at the airport, which are usually open on weekends.
Most airlines are able to transport disabled passengers and passengers requiring assistance.
Most airlines are accessable and willing to work with passengers.
Most airlines are familiar with the care and handling of live animals.
Most airlines are happy to honor such requests made prior to the actual day of travel.
Most airlines are in the process of upgrading all classes of service trying to improve comfort.
Most airlines are very accommodating.
Most airlines are very helpful in providing special dietary requirements.
Most airlines are very strict about carry-ons, especially in economy class.
Most airlines assess a service charge for changing a ticket.
Most airlines base part of their advertising campaigns on how well they treat customers.
Most airlines bump the last-arriving passengers.
Most airlines carry plastic or metal handcuffs and other restraining devices such as straitjackets.
Most airlines charge a handling fee for unaccompanied minors.
Most airlines charge an extra fee for packed bicycles to cover insurance costs.
Most airlines claim to have a great deal on an Asian airpass.
Most airlines do have juice available.
Most airlines do it.
Most airlines do require a health certificate.
Most airlines do try to reward their best passengers with better seat selection.
Most airlines fly direct to Cape Town, while a few fly via Johannesburg.
Most airlines have a five-week training program for their flight attendants and require relocation.
Most airlines have a 'home city' their planes have to use for stop overs.
Most airlines have a specific desk for live freight.
Most airlines have black-out days around popular holidays .
Most airlines have black-out days around popular holidays.
Most airlines have coupon books in different increments to save seniors money.
Most airlines have customer service representatives who can take care of many problems on the spot.
Most airlines have pilot's wings to pin on young travelers.
Most airlines have policies on animal transportation.
Most airlines have programs that allow participating members to donate their miles.
Most airlines have restrictions on changes or refunds.
Most airlines have their own web site, and many offer special deals to online visitors.
Most airlines have their own web sites.
Most airlines have toll free numbers .
Most airlines have Web sites and weekly specials e-mailed to subscribing customers.
Most airlines have Web sites where they announce special deals.
Most airlines have weight and dimension limits.
Most airlines impose a penalty fee for changes, cancellations or refunds.
Most airlines insist upon a certificate attesting to the hygienic condition for journeys by air.
Most airlines issue a special newsletter just for frequent flyer members.
Most airlines just show a movie.
Most airlines now draw the line at two pieces of carry-on luggage.
Most airlines now have strict requirements about the size of bags that can be carried onto planes.
Most airlines now limit passengers to two checked items.
Most airlines now limit the size of carry-on luggage.
Most airlines now offer a number of charities where consumers can donate their expiring miles.
Most airlines now offer some kind of seat pre booking.
Most airlines now require passengers to present photo identification before boarding a plane.
Most airlines offer a one year open return ticket to the United Kingdom.
Most airlines offer an escort service for children flying alone.
Most airlines offer escort services to help young travelers.
Most airlines offer kid favourites, like hot dogs, hamburgers, pizza and chicken nuggets.
Most airlines offer low-fat foods as part of their menus.
Most airlines offer on-line pricing and purchasing.
Most airlines offer regular flights between a group of airports .
Most airlines offer regular flights between a group of airports.
Most airlines offer some kind of break for college students, from coupons to bonus miles.
Most airlines offer special meals catering to kids' tastes.
Most airlines offer Web-only specials.
Most airlines post their fare specials on their sites on Wednesdays.
Most airlines provide diabetic diets if notified in advance.
Most airlines recommend arriving two hours early for an international flight.
Most airlines rely on pilots to fly overtime hours to staff some regularly scheduled flights.
Most airlines require a veterinarian's health certificate before shipping.
Most airlines require deflating the tires, turning the handlebars and removing the pedals.
Most airlines restrict carry-on baggage to two pieces per passenger.
Most airlines serve special meals for people with health needs.
Most airlines simply choose to restrict all such items.
Most airlines still refuse to give FFPs to corporations.
Most airlines upgrade passengers because they overbook their flights.
Most airlines use some sort of reward program offering free flights to frequent fliers.
Most airlines use the incremental cost method to account for their free travel awards.
Most airlines work with media production companies that help select and edit the movies they show.
Some airlines actually water down the drinks.
Some airlines allow parents to escort kids onto the plane before the flight.
Some airlines allow pre-assignment of the bulkhead.
Some airlines allow two bags to be checked and two bags carried on.
Some airlines already suggest passengers exercise during long flights.
Some airlines also fly direct from a handful of Central and South American countries.
Some airlines also have weight limits.
Some airlines also make provisions for passengers belonging to their very frequent flyer programs.
Some airlines also offer amenity kits for infants.
Some airlines also offer reduced prices on selected hotels.
Some airlines also promote schedules with many daily flights to and from a particular city.
Some airlines also require the name of the attending physician.
Some airlines also require the patient to travel with a companion.
Some airlines also sell cages that they prefer to use.
Some airlines are aggressive in policing e-Bay.
Some airlines are content to fly thousands of feet over landmarks.
Some airlines are real sticklers about bowling equipment and weights.
Some airlines are reluctant to check stuff packed in cardboard boxes, for example.
Some airlines are skeptical.
Some airlines capitalize on the visibility of winglets to passengers.
Some airlines charge a fee.
Some airlines charge the cello a cargo tax, which is less than the regular passenger tax.
Some airlines charges a transfer fee.
Some airlines designate a site in the airport as a waiting room for unaccompanied minors.
Some airlines do have bike boxes for sale.
Some airlines do have something extra for online punters.
Some airlines even make exercise a part of their in-flight entertainment.
Some airlines even offer aerosol spray bottles of spring water to relieve jet lagged facial muscels.
Some airlines expect requirements changing sooner than later.
Some airlines go further than the agency rules.
Some airlines have a direct link with the forwarders as well as a trucking system for distribution.
Some airlines have additional and more stringent requirements for international travel.
Some airlines have different restrictions.
Some airlines have email lists they mail their weekly specials to.
Some airlines have limits to the size and weight of the animal.
Some airlines have registrations in hard to see places.
Some airlines have restrictions during the summer months to protect the animals from heat.
Some airlines have seating plans of their planes on their websites.
Some airlines have senior membership clubs.
Some airlines have special meals they can serve to children.
Some airlines have their own consolidators.
Some airlines have their own infrastructure and therefore keep the work within their own shops.
Some airlines have their own training programs that include professional trainers.
Some airlines hire college students for training in sales promotion during the summer vacation.
Some airlines limit the number of pets flying in the cabin to three per flight.
Some airlines make cutoffs at a month and then two months, etc.
Some airlines notify the agents a day before the ads hit the newspapers.
Some airlines notify travel agencies the day before ads hit the papers.
Some airlines now advertise that they have computer power outlets in first or business class.
Some airlines now allow cell phones to be used inside the plane until the doors are closed.
Some airlines now allow pilots to wear contact lenses or glasses.
Some airlines now offer discounted Internet-only fares, as do many hotels.
Some airlines now require that the birds be captive bred and closed banded.
Some airlines offer extra frequent-flier miles for the ticketless crowd.
Some airlines offer first class accommodations at coach rates.
Some airlines offer in-flight movies, but require passengers to pay to get headsets to listen.
Some airlines offer military retiree discounts, check by calling to see which is best.
Some airlines offer pre-arranged seating.
Some airlines offer smoke-free international flights.
Some airlines offer special deal to anybody so shop around and ask around.
Some airlines offer special deals to cybervistors.
Some airlines offer special fares for flights into or out of a specific airport.
Some airlines offer the opportunity for multiple destinations on a specific route.
Some airlines offer training courses for corporate pilots transitioning to new jet aircraft.
Some airlines offer, in fact, multi-tier bulk fares.
Some airlines only allow one piece of hand luggage.
Some airlines only allow younger unaccompanied minors to take nonstop or direct flights.
Some airlines only permit animals aboard aircraft at certain times of the year.
Some airlines pay for uniform cleaning.
Some airlines permit a traveling companion to benefit from the discount as well.
Some airlines prefer applicants who have two years of college.
Some airlines provide allowances to employees for purchasing and cleaning their company uniforms.
Some airlines provide allowances to pilots for purchasing and cleaning their uniforms.
Some airlines provide diapers and bottles for babies.
Some airlines require medical clearance before allowing newborn passengers to fly.
Some airlines require the credit card be presented at the airport.
Some airlines run their own.
Some airlines save the excess value in voucher form for future use.
Some airlines say they hope to replace all their existing turboprops with regional jets.
Some airlines sell seats under their own code in another airline's cabin.
Some airlines suggest exercises during long flights to reduce the risk.
Some airlines tend to go out of business and tropical storms can delay flights.
Some airlines try to replace it with cheery attitudes, extra peanuts and short pants.
Some airlines upgrade members of their frequent-flier clubs to first class for a nominal fee.
Some airlines use deodorizing air sprays that can irritate sensitive airways.
Some airlines use kiosks to sell tickets in the airport and elsewhere.
Some airlines use nonstandard widths and configurations.
Some airlines use such services to give passengers flight updates.
Some airlines use the information to improve efficiency in their back office operations.
Some airlines waive any ticket-changing fee or change in fare at the airport.
Some airlines waive the service fee in the event of illness or death of an immediate family member.
Some airlines work a little differently, putting flight attendants and pilots in separate hotels.
Airliner turns bomber.
Airliners also move faster and climb better, which tends to minimize ice.
Airliners are airplanes.
Airliners are the quickest way to travel .
Airliners are the quickest way to travel.
Airliners can fly over mountains and bad weather .
Airliners can fly over mountains and bad weather.
Airliners do it every day.
Airliners do the same thing with the structures on the front of the wing used during landing.
Airliners fly just above the tropopause and just below the speed of sound.
Airliners flying with loose screws, report says.
Airliners tend to be much more conservative in their use of hardware.
An airliner is a plane
All airliners have safety crosswind limits for both takeoff and landings.
Any airliner coming off of the assembly line today has that same sort of technology.
Every airliner has a different voice.
Many airliners already carry computer servers to manage their in-flight entertainment services.
Airlines tickets are subject to change without notice.
Airlocks allow entry and exit without the pressure problem.
Airlocks are chambers.
Airlocks are located in space shuttles.
Airlocks are mechanisms on doors and curtains that control the air flow patterns in the doorways.
Airlocks receive preventive maintenance annually.
An airlock is a chamber
Airmail delivery is available at additional cost.
Airmail delivery is included in our prices.
Airmail delivery is included in the price.
Airmail stamps can occur as definitive or commemorative issues.
Airmail abroad can be very slow.
Airmail can take up to two weeks.
Airmail generally takes about a week, surface four weeks.
Airmail is a little faster than air printed matter.
Airmail is about twice as much, but much zippier.
Airmail is additional.
Airmail is also available.
Airmail is an additional charge.
Airmail is available at additional charge.
Airmail is available, but expensive.
Airmail is charged extra.
Airmail is distributed without charge to users.
Airmail is expensive, so please inquire.
Airmail is extra.
Airmail is mail
Airmail is mail.
Airmail is perhaps the best method for returns.
Airmail is published monthly and is sent free to all members.
Airmail is quite expensive.
Airmail is recommended for authors outside Australia.
Airmail is the only express shipping available to certain European countries.
Airmail is the quickest, but also most expensive.
Airmail is used for destinations outside the UK, taking approx.
Airmail takes about a week to reach Europe.
Airmail takes about one week.
Airmail takes about seven days to reach western Europe.
Airmail takes about ten days to reach Western Europe.
Airmail takes four to five days to reach Western Europe.
Airmail takes three days to one week to reach other European destinations.
Airmail takes three to five days to reach Europe.
Airmail takes two to three days to other West European destinations.
Airmail takes usually one week to reach Europe.
Airmail usually takes one week to reach Europe.
Airman magazine is in the library section of the home page.
Airman is a recent word that means somebody involved with flying.
Airmen say that's why they came to basic training.
Airmen serve in remote Alaska.
Airmen think the same.
An airman is a skilled worker
Many airmen face the choice of reenlisting or getting out.
Many airmen limit their studies merely to satisfy the requirements for obtaining a certificate.
Many airmen periodically copy their logbooks and place the copies in secure locations.
Most airmen are smart, motivated and want to make a difference.
Airmanship is the core of the airman's professionalism.
Airmanship requires at least good initial training, currency, and constant recurrent training.
An airmanship is art
Airmesh construction allows unrestricted airflow and an extended palm gives maximum ball contact.
Airnet interface is based on commercial air travel routes throughout the world.
Airplane accidents are news.
Airplane crashes are an underutilized plot device.
Some airplane crashes kill scientists.
Airplane engines operate with the hammer down in takeoff, climb, and cruise.
Airplane food is high in sodium and chemical preservatives.
Airplane food is very gross.
Airplane fuel is very dangerous in a car's gas tank.
Airplane manufacturers are one example.
Airplane models are reasonably tight, however.
Airplane noise can be a serious interruption to a person s daily life.
Airplane noise is a concern that has registered in Washington.
Airplane noise seems to be one of the larger sources of annoyance and anger.
Airplane noise tends to reduce the value of land located in the flight paths around airports.
Airplane pilots file a flight plan.
Airplane pilots flying above the clouds also experience the moon illusion.
An airplane pilot is a flyer
Airplane seat covers.
Airplane tickets have cost.
Airplane cabins, for example, consist mostly of plastics, or polymers.
Airplane contrails only form under certain conditions.
Airplane crashes due to missing crew members.
Airplane flies perfectly, and is flown often.
Airplane flies very nice.
Airplane helps catch incendiarist.
Airplane is the most expensive means of communication.
Airplane isa aircraft.
Airplane lands long and fast.
Airplane ride overlooking the Missouri River.
Airplane rides available all day.
Airplane rides given away to bikers as prizes.
Airplane rides over Pennsylvania's mountains and farms.
Airplane rides over the city.
Airplane tend to move left side.
Airplane trailing vortices have a destabilizing effect on ensuing aircrafts.
Airplane watching is a popular pastime all over the world.
Airplanes also create a great deal of pollution.
Airplanes also have to be in a position to receive uplinked weather, too.
Airplanes also have wing flaps.
Airplanes also have wings.
Airplanes also provide platforms for remote sensing, and some sensors operate from land.
Airplanes are a great way to travel now a days.
Airplanes are aircrafts.
Airplanes are already under the control of computers, pilots merely oversee the process.
Airplanes are also good places to catch colds or the flu.
Airplanes are also great opportunities.
Airplanes are also notoriously dry environments.
Airplanes are amazing.
Airplanes are another curious form of travel.
Airplanes are capable of bombs.
Airplanes are capable of crashs.
Airplanes are capable of near airports.
Airplanes are capable of stalls.
Airplanes are capable of taxis.
Airplanes are complicated beasts.
Airplanes are designed to withstand even the most wicked of storms.
Airplanes are divided into five main categories on the basis of utility and purpose.
Airplanes are dynamic.
Airplanes are expensive.
Airplanes are films.
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
Airplanes are interesting toys, but they are of no military value whatsoever.
Airplanes are interesting toys, but they have no military value.
Airplanes are located in air.
Airplanes are located in aircraft carriers.
Airplanes are located in hangars.
Airplanes are located in hangers.
Airplanes are located in skies.
Airplanes are located in war.
Airplanes are mechanical hawks.
Airplanes are mechanical objects, subject to imperfections and faults.
Airplanes are more expensive to purchase and maintain than automobiles.
Airplanes are mutually interchangeable human flying tools.
Airplanes are notorious for having high levels of positive ions.
Airplanes are obviously dangerious weapons now.
Airplanes are one of the worst places for people who have allergies.
Airplanes are responsible for air, noise, and water pollution.
Airplanes are safer because of their increased sophistication, newer power plants pollute less.
Airplanes are tight enough why experience more pain by cramming between two other passengers.
Airplanes are tradeoffs in performance, time, and lifestyle.
Airplanes are uncomfortable.
Airplanes are up in the air spreading sound waves.
Airplanes are used for air transportation.
Airplanes are used for cargo.
Airplanes are used for flies.
Airplanes are used for flight.
Airplanes are used for flying.
Airplanes are used for transport.
Airplanes are used for transportation.
Airplanes are used for travel.
Airplanes are used for traveling.
Airplanes are used for warfare.
Airplanes are vehicles.
Airplanes are very top-heavy, so they tip easily.
Airplanes are what it's all about, of course.
Airplanes arrive and depart at a certain time.
Airplanes ascending or descending through the clouds are a real danger.
Airplanes can and do occasionally strike each other.
Airplanes can do tricks.
Airplanes can find their altitude by using air pressure .
Airplanes can find their altitude by using air pressure.
Airplanes can fly because the law of aerodynamics is a higher law than the law of gravity.
Airplanes can only fly so fast and turn only so sharply.
Airplanes carry air cargo.
Airplanes carry cargo.
Airplanes come and go but a suite is always in the budget.
Airplanes come and go, and weather changes.
Airplanes come and go, at the checkpoints, all the time.
Airplanes come in many different shapes and sizes.
Airplanes come in many shapes and sizes, but they all have similar parts.
Airplanes come with manuals.
Airplanes come with their own call letters.
Airplanes coming in to land often fly over car parks.
Airplanes connect distant points on the globe.
Airplanes crash down to earth when pilots and crews disappear.
Airplanes create dreams.
Airplanes create thrust using propellers, jet engines , or rockets .
Airplanes deliver goods within hours.
Airplanes don t just go down at airports.
Airplanes don t take off until everyone is wearing seat belts.
Airplanes dot the sky.
Airplanes drop toxic chemicals regularly from the air.
Airplanes essentially employ the first method.
Airplanes expand horizons.
Airplanes fall from the sky.
Airplanes fly because their wings throw air downward.
Airplanes fly because they push air down.
Airplanes fly between cities without having to pay for air space.
Airplanes fly in paths.
Airplanes Get Wet Too Watch as a model airplane colorfully displays currents in a water tunnel.
Airplanes have (part) accelerators.
Airplanes have (part) aircraft engines.
Airplanes have (part) bases.
Airplanes have (part) ceilings.
Airplanes have (part) floors.
Airplanes have (part) fuel gauges.
Airplanes have (part) fuel indicators.
Airplanes have (part) fuel lines.
Airplanes have (part) fuel pods.
Airplanes have (part) fuel systems.
Airplanes have (part) fulcrums.
Airplanes have (part) gas gages.
Airplanes have (part) gas gauges.
Airplanes have (part) gas lines.
Airplanes have (part) gas tanks.
Airplanes have (part) gasoline gages.
Airplanes have (part) gasoline gauges.
Airplanes have (part) gasoline tanks.
Airplanes have (part) hood ornaments.
Airplanes have (part) navigation light.
Airplanes have (part) petrol gages.
Airplanes have (part) petrol gauges.
Airplanes have (part) petrol lines.
Airplanes have (part) petrol tanks.
Airplanes have (part) power trains.
Airplanes have (part) radar domes.
Airplanes have (part) ribs.
Airplanes have (part) room light.
Airplanes have (part) sections.
Airplanes have (part) tail assemblies.
Airplanes have (part) walls.
Airplanes have (part) windshields.
Airplanes have a lot of autonomy, but airplanes also have very strict maintenance requirements.
Airplanes have a lot of surface area.
Airplanes have a major influence on lives' of society.
Airplanes have a maximum load they are capable of carrying safely.
Airplanes have a weight force, too.
Airplanes have computers.
Airplanes have dual flight controls.
Airplanes have instruments.
Airplanes have propellers.
Airplanes have strict weight and balance limits.
Airplanes have two magnetos for safety reasons.
Airplanes have wheels.
Airplanes have wings.
Airplanes Just click on the paper airplane to go directly to the folding directions.
Airplanes like to do it inverted.
Airplanes look the same on the outside, but they are completely different inside.
Airplanes Make Markets.
Airplanes make noise that disturbs residents of homes near the flight path.
Airplanes mix easily into the composition of water and rough electronic sound.
Airplanes move fast enough to get around bad weather.
Airplanes move large numbers of business passengers or vacationers.
Airplanes move very fast through the air.
Airplanes need runways.
Airplanes produce huge amounts of greenhouse gas emissions.
Airplanes provide safe travel for two main reasons.
Airplanes provide the primary means of transportation between towns in the territory.
Airplanes regularly carry several hundred passengers.
Airplanes represent a tremendous surrender of control.
Airplanes retract their landing gear in flight for the same reason.
Airplanes roar overhead and no one thinks twice about it.
Airplanes routinely offer satellite phone use for their passengers.
Airplanes seek the widest areas to fly.
Airplanes slide from earth to air, bound for distant parts of a smaller world.
Airplanes span the globe in a matter of hours, information in an instant.
Airplanes stay up because air currents along the wings create pockets of no resistance, or vortexes.
Airplanes stay up because the wings move air downwards.
Airplanes stay up in the air because they have wings.
Airplanes still fly four to five times faster than zeppelins.
Airplanes swoop low overhead.
Airplanes take off and land, water flows and lights go on across town.
Airplanes take off by using full speed.
Airplanes take off horizontally and can move in a forward direction only.
Airplanes take off on angles.
Airplanes takeoff and land at airports.
Airplanes use altimeters to estimate their height as well.
Airplanes use areodynamics to make less drag and go faster.
Airplanes use combustion engines.
Airplanes use engines.
Airplanes use Equidistant projections.
Airplanes use internal combustion engines.
Airplanes use propellers or jet engines.
An airplane is an aircraft
Airplanes always try to take off and land into the wind.
Airplanes often take off and land against the wind.
Airplanes sometimes crash, and it is always a shock to the system when one goes down.
Airplanes sometimes roar as they approach their runways.
Airplanes usually take off and land into the wind.
All airplanes are a compromise.
All airplanes follow a flight profile .
All airplanes follow the same laws of physics.
All airplanes have a limit to the amount of weight they can safely carry into the air.
All airplanes have to be flown within the envelope of their performancecharacteristics.
All airplanes have to certified without thrust reversers.
All airplanes take off heading to the same end where they approached some time ago.
Every airplane goes through many changes in design before it is finally built in a factory.
Every airplane has a specific takeoff speed, where lift overcomes gravity .
Every airplane hurtling across the sky carries goodbyes.
Every airplane is designed to perform a particular mission.
Every airplane is in the group airplanes and in the group air objects .
Every airplane is subject to structural stress.
Many airplanes do better than the minimum.
Many airplanes fly in the stratosphere, because it is very stable.
Most airplanes also have flaps attached to the wings.
Most airplanes are fixed wing.
Most airplanes burn fossil fuel with air to get energy, but that has no future.
Most airplanes carry air cargo.
Most airplanes carry cargo.
Most airplanes fly in paths.
Most airplanes flying today have dangerous wire installations on board their aircraft.
Most airplanes get no such relief.
Most airplanes have at least one changing table, albeit a small one.
Most airplanes have computers.
Most airplanes have horizontal and vertical tails to make the airplane stable.
Most airplanes have instruments.
Most airplanes have wings.
Most airplanes use combustion engines.
Most airplanes use engines.
Most airplanes use four channels.
Most airplanes use gas turbines.
Most airplanes use internal combustion engines.
Some airplanes fly in stratosphere.
Some airplanes have different types of propellers.
Some airplanes have engines.
Some airplanes lose power.
Some airplanes reach ages.
Some airplanes use propellers for the propulsion system instead of jets.
Airport bus stops at the hotel.
Airport buses link to the city centre.
Airport busses have one departure for Trondheim per plane.
Airport communities have an increased rate of alcoholism, and admissions to psychiatric hospitals.
Airport equipment consists of only three vehicles.
Airport express is accessible at front door.
Airport hotels are a significant source of concession revenue.
Airport hotels cater to business travelers and vacationers who want to be near the suburbs.
All airport hotels run shuttle buses to Center City.
Most airport hotels have free shuttel.
Most airport hotels provide complimentary airport transportation.
Airport lighting is our only business.
Airport managers visit scenes.
Airport parking is free for attendees when validated by the hotel.
Airport parking is free.
Airport road is gravel with heavy traffic.
Airport runways are right there.
Airport security can now keep, guns, grenades and bombs out of aircraft.
Airport security frowns on large-scale frisbee games in the baggage claim area.
Airport security is a highly confidential issue.
Airport security is a problem that can be solved only by legalizing sodamy.
Airport security is generally quite good.
Airport security is strong enough.
Airport security is the first line of defense against terrorism.
Airport security is tight.
Airport security requires that all checked bags be inspected by x-ray.
Airport shuttle arrives at the bus station wich is located next to the train station.
Airport shuttle is avail available for a fee.
Airport shuttle is available as well as van service to the meeting site.
Airport shuttle is available for a nominal charge.
Airport shuttle is available, as well as ample parking.
Airport shuttle is available.
Airport shuttle is complimentary.
Airport shuttles are also available.
Airport shuttles are available at a nominal charge.
Airport shuttles are available at nominal charges.
Airport shuttles are available to and from the Disneyland area.
Airport shuttles are extra but inexpensive.
Airport shuttles are vital to airport operations.
Airport shuttles make their rounds.
Airport shuttles stop next door.
Airport tax is extra.
Airport tax is levied on all passengers departing from Mongolia.
Airport terminals provide many services for air passengers.
An airport terminal is a terminal
Most airport terminals are built in a plain style .
Most airport terminals are built in a plain style.
Airport transfer is available by bus, airbus, limousine or car rental.
Airport transfer is included in price.
Airport transfers are additional.
Airport transfers are also available at a nominal charge.
Airport transfers are available at extra charge.
Airport transfers are available for an additional cost.
Airport transfers are available through our shuttle service and private car service.
Airport transfers are available upon request and are subject to an additional charge.
Airport transfers are available upon request at an additional charge.
Airport transfers are available.
Airport transfers are often only a few dollars more than a taxi fare.
Airport Transfers Ask about our discounted airfares and land tours.
Airport transfers can be arranged, please see the price list for more details.
Airport transfers is available to groups of four or more.
Airport transfers is complimentary but subject to availability.
Airport transfers is complimentary subject to availability.
Airport transfers take an hour.
Airport transportation is available and hotel parking is complimentary.
Airport transportation is available by taxi or shuttle services.
Airport transportation is available for a fee.
Airport transportation is available for arrivals and departures.
Airport transportation is available from Pueblo and the Springs.
Airport transportation is available now.
Airport transportation is available.
Airport transportation is by their lift equipped van.
Airport transportation is free.
Airport transportation is included.
Airport transportation is offered, free of charge.
Airport transportation is provided by local limousine companies.
Airport announcements about gate information and flight connections.
Airport dining here bears no resemblance to the stale atmosphere at American or European airports.
Airport drop off and pick up is also available.
Airport express coaches and taxis are available to the city centre.
Airport fixed base operators do business in a number of ways.
Airport hangar behind.
Airport is at end of the road on hilltop.
Airport is at the West city limits.
Airport is Frankfurt.
Airport is home of many antique and experimental aircraft.
Airport is in good shape although unattended and no fuel.
Airport is on one side and Little Miami River is on the other.
Airport is on right.
Airport is on the right about a mile north.
Airport is over a ridge.
Airport is so low-powered.
Airport is well-kept and offers parallel sod landing areas.
Airport is within minutes.
Airport isa facility.
Airport journeys at competitive rates.
Airport minibuses, taxi and hire car services are available from the airport.
Airport minutes away.
Airport Pick Up .
Airport pick up and delivery can be arranged free of charge if required.
Airport pick up and delivery upon request.
Airport pick up and delivery.
Airport pick up and drop off service can be arranged for a reasonable fee.
Airport pick up and drop off.
Airport pick up and return can be coordinated and arranged.
Airport pick up and send-off service.
Airport pick up and shuttle service.
Airport pick up and transfer to host family.
Airport pick up can be arranged, please inquire.
Airport pick up for longer stays.
Airport pick up is also available.
Airport pick up is available at an extra charge.
Airport pick up or drop off available.
Airport Pick Up.
Airport premises liability coverage.
Airport provides charter, corporate, and private air services for business customers.
Airport provides commercial and freight services both domestically and international.
Airport reaches out to developing professional pilots as well as quality flight instruction.
Airport shuttles and limosine services generally provide receipts.
Airport shuttles and rental cars are available from both airports.
Airport shuttles available upon request.
Airport shuttles cost less and run frequently.
Airport stops at Grenoble railway station.
Airport taxes additional.
Airport tries to remain optimistic on expansion plans, amid proposed legislative constraints.
Airport uses radio signals.
Airport uses 'smart park' tech to ease congestion The nation's skies are more crowded than ever.
Airport when visiting Portugal, from there it s easy to rent a car to explore the coast.
Airports also can use the money to finance studies of growth plans.
Airports are a dangerous place.
Airports are a gateway that provides an important first impression for visitors.
Airports are a good example.
Airports are a key focus of modern life.
Airports are a vital part of the ongoing effort to sustain our rural economies.
Airports are able to achieve participation by contracting directly to minority businesses.
Airports are among the most likely places in which to have a heart attack.
Airports are among the worst urban polluters .
Airports are another matter.
Airports are another priority.
Airports are another question.
Airports are below dams.
Airports are better neighbors than ever before.
Airports are big money and job generators for urban centers.
Airports are both approximately one hour from Princeton.
Airports are closed, and many buildings have sustained structural damage.
Airports are closed.
Airports are convenient places to see the complexity of the problem.
Airports are cool.
Airports are crooks' first choice for laptop heists.
Airports are dependent on airlines in more ways than one.
Airports are frequently one of the largest point sources of air pollution in the areas they serve.
Airports are ghastly places under any circumstance.
Airports are good places to be.
Airports are great homes for our dogs.
Airports are harder, as are other terminals.
Airports are hot in Hollywood.
Airports are huge business enterprises.
Airports are inconvenient by definition.
Airports are information appliances.
Airports are just a short distance.
Airports are like that, too.
Airports are located in cities.
Airports are located in suitcases.
Airports are marketing tools.
Airports are mob scenes of travelers trapped in long layovers.
Airports are no exception.
Airports are now exciting places.
Airports are now frequently the single largest source of pollution within their state or region.
Airports are number one.
Airports are often complaint magnets.
Airports are often the key to on-time travel.
Airports are on heightened alert.
Airports are only applicable to the longer distance connections.
Airports are open.
Airports are overcrowded.
Airports are paths to the future.
Airports are places.
Airports are public places.
Airports are service enterprises.
Airports are status locations for screenwriters.
Airports are stressful environments and crowded with people.
Airports are strictly humour-free zones.
Airports are the linchpin for economic development.
Airports are the same.
Airports are the vital link in the world's transportation network.
Airports are thus active partners in developing dynamic, vital economies.
Airports are tools of economic development.
Airports are transition points in a traveler s trip by plane.
Airports are typical targets for terrorist bombs.
Airports are ugly.
Airports are unique because people there are often are in flux.
Airports are used for airplanes.
Airports are user fee funded through aviation excise taxes.
Airports are usually flat.
Airports are very chaotic.
Airports are very crowded during the holiday travel period.
Airports are very important to small towns.
Airports are very much a part of the travel experience, and often an important revenue source.
Airports are vital to the continued economic success of our communities.
Airports are where a great many robberies take place.
Airports are within a forty five minute drive.
Airports are, by their nature, high drama.
Airports bring noise, traffic and other byproducts of growth.
Airports bury the country under concrete.
Airports can only support so many new flights a day.
Airports can slow traffic to a pace that can be dealt with.
Airports cause loads of noise and traffic and result in vast development in the surrounding area.
Airports consist of much more than airlines and general airport operations.
Airports continue to have capital needs despite the industry's condition.
Airports feel like safe places because of the presence of airport security, metal detectors, etc.
Airports has forms and publications available on line.
Airports have (part) bases.
Airports have (part) flight lines.
Airports have (part) sections.
Airports have (part) taxi strips.
Airports have environmental, real estate, funding and all kinds of other problems.
Airports have many aspects that are of interest to many people.
Airports have multilingual signs.
Airports have no Drano-sniffing dogs.
Airports have no experience with preformed tape.
Airports have numerous screens displaying information regarding arriving and departing flights.
Airports have rules.
Airports have runways.
Airports have to do something now.
Airports have windows.
Airports Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Airports listed are either publicly or privately-owned facilities, available for public use.
Airports look at car rental companies as a revenue source.
Airports mean many things to many people in California.
Airports normally have officials present to inspect animals arriving by air.
Airports offer wheelchair services.
Airports present a unique lighting design challenge.
Airports provide communities with a gateway for commerce.
Airports range from small non-hub general aviation airports to large hub airports.
Airports really have limited control over the emissions at their facilities.
Airports require an ID for ticket sales.
Airports require pilots to file a flight plan that includes their travel route and destination.
Airports sacrifice the peace of a few for the convenience of many.
Airports see the conformity process as a burden to their development.
Airports seem to sit on green mats with a few fuzzy trees scattered about.
Airports serve as branch offices, too.
Airports serving Caracas remain closed to commercial flights.
Airports tend to be located far from the center of cities.
Airports turn to access control and fire alarm systems for security solutions.
Airports typically report a one-minute average for windspeed and direction.
Airports use bike to move people around the tarmac.
Airports use ethylene glycol as a de-icer.
Airports use windsocks to help pilots and controllers determine the direction of the wind.
Airports vary hugely in the facilities they offer to small children.
An airport is a field
Airports often locate power-points there for the use of cleaners.
All airports are an important component of the national airport system.
All airports are closed, and all international flights have been diverted to Canada.
All airports are open.
All airports are operational.
All airports are the same.
All airports can arrange car rentals.
All airports come within the purview of the centre.
All airports have a taxi and limousine service available on site.
All airports have bus service to thishotel area.
All airports have counters for hotel transport and limousine service.
All airports have rental cars , taxis, and limousine service .
All airports have taxi and limousine service available on site.
All airports offer limousine and taxi service to campus.
All airports provide rental car service, shuttle service, limousine service, and taxi service.
Any airport courting a global presence better be ready for a long line.
Every airport has one or two.
Every airport wants more flights.
Many airports are actually better than local lodging.
Many airports are like small cities.
Many airports argue that they have to allow night flights to compete with other airports.
Many airports even have train service to the downtown area.
Many airports have buildings which are used to hold airplanes and passengers .
Many airports have buildings which are used to hold airplanes and passengers.
Many airports have Internet access at a kiosk.
Many airports have several SIDs for the same runway and pilots have been known to fly the wrong one.
Many airports still permit smoking in restaurants and bars.
More airports mean more ticket counters, and that means more people on the airline payroll.
Most airports also have rental cars available.
Most airports encourage passenger traffic.
Most airports give degrees and knots for wind information.
Most airports have a counter for oversized and unusual baggage like bikes or surfboards.
Most airports have access and facilities for people with disabilities.
Most airports have activity in each category, but one stands out.
Most airports have an overlay zone to protect the flight area around airports.
Most airports have no system to track the movement of thunderstorms.
Most airports have one, and so do kid-friendly bus and train stations.
Most airports have vending machines that sell the cards.
Most airports now have no system to track the movement of thunderstorms.
Most airports nowadays have the airport tax included in the ticket.
Most airports provide adequate restroom facilities.
Most airports recommend arriving one hour before scheduled flight time.
Some airports also impose a usage fee on car rentals.
Some airports can make up for the deadening experience of business and holiday travel.
Some airports charge location fees to add a few extra grand to their general revenue funds.
Some airports have a central deicing location at the departure end of a runway.
Some airports have control towers on top of the terminal.
Some airports have flight.
Some airports have foreign exchange desks.
Some airports have many more flight.
Some airports have two parallel runways.
Some airports lack the infrastructure required to support an all-electric fleet on the ground.
Some airports leave lights on all night to guide pilots.
Some airports now feature play areas for young children.
Some airports offer kiosks and Internet terminals for a fee.
Some airports offer more esoteric transportation options.
Some airports provide a shelf in the stall, if it is there be sure to use it.
Some airports require check-in times longer than many of their flights.
Some airports use a semicircular terminal , with aircraft parked on one side and cars on the other .
Some airports use a semicircular terminal, with aircraft parked on one side and cars on the other.
Some airports use a separate FIDS for each major airline .
Some airports use a separate FIDS for each major airline.
Airporter transportation is also available.
Airship is unambiguous.
Airships are a safe, attractive and economic proposition.
Airships are available in either powered or non-powered models.
Airships are necessarily lighter than air.
Airships are simple, inexpensive, and safe.
Airships are such an interesting evolutionary backwater.
Airships can transport large numbers of people and freight.
Airships require fuel only for motive power.
Airships stay in the sky by floating.
Airships transform the flying experience .
Airships use marginal airspace.
An airship is an aircraft
All airships are dirigeables.
All airships flying today are non-rigid types, popularly known as blimps.
All airships have solid gondolas, engine-powered propellers and solid tailfins.
Most airships are non-rigid airships.
Airsickness bags are available.
Airspace is an atmosphere
Airspace is atmospheres.
Airspace is empty space.
Airspace is part of atmospheres.
Airspace is space.
Airspaces attempts to track the changes.
Airspaces provide insulating power from summer heat and winter cold.
Airstreams are expensive.
An airstream is flow
Airtight construction is more important than the type of wood used to make a container.
Airtight construction is one of the most cost effective ways to reduce home energy costs.
Airtight containers increase the shelf life and allow for bulk buying, saving time and money.
Airtight containers prevent flavor transfer between foods.
Airtight fixtures are also available.
Airtight houses are unhealthy.
Airtight seal provides protection from dust and dirt.
Airtight structures keep air inside, but they also prevent the flow of fresh air from outside.
Airtight structures keep air inside, but they also prevent the flow of fresh air from the outside.
Airwave connectivity comes at a premium price.
Airwaves are electromagnetic radiation.
AirWaves helps telecommunication service providers meet their customer acquisition challenges.
Airwaves relate to casting and resonating.
An airwave is a medium
Airway management is always the domain of emergency medicine.
Airway management is imperative.
Airway obstruction can be life threatening.
Airway obstruction is always possible in any patient who receives a general anesthesia.
Airway obstruction is an emergency.
Airway obstruction is caused by a variety of changes in the airway.
Airway obstruction is more likely to progress to a severe degree.
Airway obstruction is rare with croup.
Airway obstruction is thought to be initiated by inflammatory events in the airways.
Airway obstructions can be congenital or acquired.
Airway isa canal.
Airway isa duct.
Airways are hyperresponsive or are super sensitive.
Airways are super sensitive.
Airways are tubes in the lungs that air passes through.
Airways can remain sensitive for days, weeks or even months at a time.
Airways carry air to the lungs.
Airways enter lungs.
Airways get smaller and smaller like branches of a tree.
Airways have (part) corpi.
Airways have (part) epiglottises.
Airways have (part) taste buds.
Airways lead to lungs.
Airways make breaths.
Airways narrowing can happen by three mechanisms.
An airway is a duct
All airways have bronchial smooth muscles in their walls.
Most airways enter lungs.
Most airways lead to lungs.
Most airways make breaths.
Some airways are part of bodies.
Some airways are part of necks.
Some airways fill with mucuses.
Airworthiness is soundness
Airworthiness is the primary safety characteristic of any aircraft.
AISE membership is required for participation on technical committees.
AISE students arrive with round-trip airline tickets issued to their final destinations.
AISE students attend local high schools and have their own medical insurance and spending money.
Aisle seats are a drag.
Aisle seats are available for guests who are ambulatory restricted.
Every aisle seat has a metal post at the end of it.
Aisle get there somehow' was, thankfully, the attitude of petrol-starved visitors.
Aisles also run in front of the stalls.
Aisles are areas.
Aisles are available to all exhibitors.
Aisles are clear of all obstructions.
Aisles are indoor space.
Aisles are located in buildings.
Aisles are located in churchs.
Aisles are located in department stores.
Aisles are located in drugstores.
Aisles are located in grocery stores.
Aisles are located in planes.
Aisles are located in sanctuaries.
Aisles are located in stores.
Aisles are located in supermarkets.
Aisles are located in theatres.
Aisles are narrow and there is no room for work stations.
Aisles are narrow, paths from front to back labyrinthine.
Aisles are narrow.
Aisles are passage.
Aisles are passageways.
Aisles are spacious in all public rooms, the showroom and the cinema.
Aisles are to be kept clear of obstacles to prevent tripping and falling.
Aisles are to be maintained throughout the stock room.
Aisles are uncluttered and without a tripping hazard.
Aisles are used for pathways.
Aisles are used for walking.
Aisles are well lighted.
Aisles are wide.
Aisles can be a challenge to negotiate as shoppers pull out large and elaborate costumes to look at.
Aisles cluttered with pallets are an oddity.
Aisles make it easy for presenter to walk to every student.
Aisles round the edges.
An aisle is passage
Aisled buildings are typical of many villas of Roman times.
Ajunct faculty are highly competent professionals in a variety of specialized technical fields.
Akamaized sites offer richer, more engaging content with better performance and reliability.
AKDN agencies operate in social and economic development as well as in the field of culture.
Aken fish get their fat and sassy look from their environment.
Akha roads are really bad.
Akinesia causes the patient to walk with difficulty.
Akinesia is complete or partial loss of muscle movement.
Akinesia is often experience.
An akinesia is disfunction
Akinetic mutism results from bilateral lesions of the anterior cingulate gyrus.
Ala carte is available at middle and high school.
Ala carte menu only.
Ala also gives long span of life.
Ala appears to be insufficiently hydrophobic to contact the C base.
Ala carte to full meals available, call.
ALA collaborates with major medical institutions on the latest research in lung diseases.
Ala descendens s. palatina.
Ala is a Muslim child.
ALA link primarily for parents.
ALA mails ballots to members.
ALA mails out ballots for section officers.
ALA reserves the right to limit credit terms.
Alas are part of insects.
Alas are processes.
Alas are wings.
An ala is a wing
Some alas are mandatory, and play a very important role in the school's performance.
Alabama has (part) Carolina.
Alabama has (part) Durham.
Alabama has (part) Florida.
Alabama has (part) Georgia.
Alabama has (part) Louisiana.
Alabama has (part) Maryland.
Alabama has (part) Mississippi.
Alabama has (part) Norfolk.
Alabama has (part) Tennessee.
Alabama has (part) Texas.
Alabama has (part) Virginia.
Alabama is part of America.
Alabama isa thing.
Alabaster jars are very beautiful.
Alabaster can be breath taking when finished.
Alabaster comes in a wide range of colors and is available from many suppliers.
Alabaster is a fine grained variety of gypsum.
Alabaster is a fine-grained massive variety of gypsum.
Alabaster is a finegrained variety of gypsum.
Alabaster is a gypsum based stone.
Alabaster is a gypsum
Alabaster is a rock material that is mined in many places in Egypt.
Alabaster Is a stimulus for meditation.
Alabaster is a substitute.
Alabaster is calcites.
Alabaster is extremely heat sensitive.
Alabaster is gypsums.
Alabaster is minerals.
Alabaster is quite a character.
Alabaster is stones.
Alabaster is white.
Alacrity comes from the Latin alacritas, and the Italian musical term allegro is a near relation.
Aladdin fans are certain to enjoy being able to hop and bop through familiar sites.
Aladdin versions are the current ones.
Alamedawell soils are ashy over loamy.
Alamo cars are available at discount, just ask.
Alanine comes next, with a methyl group as it side chain.
Alanine is a nonessential amino acid used by the body to build proteins.
Alanine is an amino acid which is known to be converted to pyruvate.
Alanine is an important source of energy for muscle tissue, the brain and central nervous system.
Alanine isa compound.
Alanine plays an important role in helping the body maintain normal blood sugar levels.
Alanines are amino acid.
Alanines are chemical compounds.
An alanine is amino acid
Alapathic medicine is one of perhaps several solutions to a current medical challenge.
Alappuzha beach is a popular picnic spot.
Alappuzha district can be proud of being the cradle of boat races.
Alappuzha district is a sandy strip of land intercepted by lagoons, rivers, and canals.
Alar is a growth-regulating chemical that was used on apples.
Alar is a pesticide that shows up to some degree in all fruits.
Alar is a preservative used to prolong the shelf-life of apples.
Alar is a synthetic growth promotant.
Alari hair ranges from black to gold, with several shades of green in between.
Alarm agent configures alarms that can be sent by e-mail, pager or message broadcast.
Alarm call is a high-pitched squeal.
Alarm calls are free.
Alarm calls help predators.
Alarm calls serve to startle predators.
Alarm calls vary from high pitched screams to gruff barks in the different species.
Most alarm calls help predators.
Alarm clock is provided.
Alarm clocks are also avaiable.
Alarm clocks are clocks.
Alarm clocks are located in homes.
Alarm clocks are used for awakens.
Alarm clocks are used for clocks.
Alarm clocks are used for rings.
Alarm clocks do nothing to remedy the situation.
Alarm clocks have bells.
An alarm clock is a clock
Many alarm clocks are necessary and always new ones.
Some alarm clocks have both a vibrating pad and a flashing light.
Some alarm clocks play music.
Alarm devices work more certainly.
Alarm indicator indicates alarm active.
Alarm pheromones signal the presence of potential danger.
Alarm pheromones warn members of a species of approaching danger.
Alarm response has a cost.
Alarm signal means the activation of an alarm system .
Alarm system is checked and serviced regularly.
Alarm system sounds main siren and begins dialing out.
Alarm systems work well, especially ones with audible sirens.
An alarm system is a device
All alarm systems have their own power supply, either centrally or within the individual components.
All alarm systems require electrical power.
Many alarm systems dial local numbers in case of break-ins or fires.
More alarm systems are in place.
Most alarm system combine both light and sound.
Most alarm systems come with some form of alternate battery power.
Most alarm systems have their limitations and are god only in certain applications.
Some alarm systems use both.
Alarm announces time and wake-up with beep.
Alarm causes danger.
Alarm has (part) balance wheels.
Alarm has (part) clock faces.
Alarm has (part) sections.
Alarm is devices.
Alarm is fear
Alarm is fear.
Alarm is signals.
Alarm is used for alarm.
Alarm is used for alerts.
Alarm is used for rings.
Alarm is used for warns.
Alarm is weapons.
Alarm isa clock.
Alarm log now supports customized filtering and printing.
Alarm looks good.
Alarm outputs alert operators or can be used for system shutdown.
Alarm reset without further incident.
Alarm set points are pre-set and can be easily adjusted by the user.
Alarm sounds after only one or two drops of urine.
Alarm sounds for medical equipment in intensive care areas and operating theatres.
Alarm sounds instantly and continuously to call for help.
Alarm sounds when door or window is opened.
Alarm sounds with duck quacking.
Alarms alert a technician, who swaps out the bad power supply without ever shutting down.
Alarms annoy teachers.
Alarms are a means to implement timing sequences.
Alarms are color-coded to show severity and status.
Alarms are devices that monitor systems over time and issue alerts.
Alarms are essential in detecting power outages and temperature extremes inside broiler houses.
Alarms are in a hierarchy as shown below.
Alarms are most people s first line of defense against fire.
Alarms are most people's first line of defense against fire.
Alarms are our only business.
Alarms are still a strong deterrent.
Alarms are the loudest and brightest in the industry.
Alarms are the thresholds.
Alarms are to notify the neighborhood that Something Bad Is Happening.
Alarms are to notify the owners that Something Bad Is Happening.
Alarms are to notify the thief that they've been detected.
Alarms automatically can be activated if the danger of a collision is present, the officials add.
Alarms begin sounding.
Alarms blare and lights flash.
Alarms blare to warn people to take cover.
Alarms can be graphical, color-coded, or blinking visual displays, or audible alerts.
Alarms can be local or external, immediate, or delayed.
Alarms can be specific to a particular patient or they can be generic reminders.
Alarms can come from logical devices, too.
Alarms can extend beyond the pool or spa as layers of protection.
Alarms can never remedy poor physical security and habits.
Alarms can open an application, document, picture or display message.
Alarms can ping things and wake up if something is wrong.
Alarms can run once, daily, weekly, or monthly.
Alarms can warn of low level, order levels, high level or other conditions.
Alarms can warn operator of malfunction and have the ability to initiate corrective actions.
Alarms consist of a message to display, and if desired, a phone number to be dialed by a modem.
Alarms do deter some thieves.
Alarms do discourage burglars.
Alarms don t offer time deterrent s, allowing the smash and grab theft to occur successfully.
Alarms execute commands at certain times or intervals.
Alarms feature available with modem option.
Alarms give early warning of leak.
Alarms go off whenever there is smoke or too much heat detected.
Alarms go off.
Alarms inform a break-in has or is occurring.
Alarms Install both audible alarms and visual smoke alarms.
Alarms isolate problems down to the card level including power supply and fan failures.
Alarms Listed below is each alarm, how it affects the unit, and steps necessary for correction.
Alarms maintain high quality and minimize machine downtime.
Alarms only draw everyone's attention to the car.
Alarms Protect all openings with detection devices.
Alarms provide security.
Alarms rang again.
Alarms report emergency situations as listed earlier as well as building environmental emergencies.
Alarms require operator acknowledgement and action.
Alarms ring in both facilities.
Alarms ring out as number two output pipe hits problems.
Alarms signal when pipeline leaks develop, pump failures, and pressure drops.
Alarms sound as the plane approaches stall speed.
Alarms sound in buildings only.
Alarms sounds when gas hazard develops.
Alarms stand out distinctly and network elements appear in fine relief.
Alarms tend to be most helpful when children are starting to have some bladder control on their own.
Alarms trumpet the arrival of an intruder.
Alarms Use a properly installed burglar alarm system fitted by a reputable company.
Alarms used in conjunction with active security patrol can be highly effective.
Alarms Wake up in the morning with a better feeling with one of our stylish alarms.
Alarms warn of unsafe conditions and protect the plant and personnel.
Alarms warn the user of excessive high or low readings.
Alarms warn the user when dangerous conditions exist.
Alarms always count to their set time, and continue.
Alarms usually go off when the gases are detected.
All alarms are factory preset.
All alarms are false.
All alarms are to be considered real.
Most alarms are early indicators that a tool requires maintenance.
Most alarms can handle about a dozen units intercommunicating on the same red wire.
Most alarms send a signal through the phone lines.
Some alarms also dial when they are armed or disarmed.
Some alarms automatically phone the local police department to report a break-in.
Some alarms can automatically dial a phone to a prescribed number in case of fan shutdown.
Some alarms have a hidden ink sac that squirts unwashable ink onto whoever pulls it.
Some alarms lack brand name.
Alarmed ducks tend to group up before they flush.
Alarmed locals view that approval as the beginning of the sprawl Mono County has thus far escaped.
Many alarmed parents forget that their child likes to run around naked only because it feels good.
Alarmed recruits run from the bus clutching their belongings.
Alarming news comes from Tabriz.
Alarming statistics continue to show Iowa has a growing drug problem.
Alarming things can and do happen.
Alarmist is an alarm clock app.
Alarmists are communicators.
Alarmists call for shipping more public tax dollars to shrinking districts.
Alarmists sound shrill, but there are real concerns.
An alarmist is a communicator
Alaska photos are there.
Alaska salmon have life.
Most alaska salmon have life.
Alaska has (part) Logan.
Alaska is part of America.
Alaska isa thing.
Alaskan airports are many, paved airports few.
Alaskan artists abound, displaying their art in the local shops and galleries.
Alaskan artists carve many beautiful objects of jade.
Alaskan boaters are often a long way from assistance and the water is very cold.
Alaskan caribou are clove-brown with a white neck and rump.
Every Alaskan child has the right to grow up in a safe and loving permanent home.
Alaskan coal is largely lignite, sub-bituminous or bituminous.
Alaskan coho salmon live in streams for at least a year before migrating to the sea.
Alaskan consumers enjoy the benefits of locally produced fresh, quality foods and products.
Alaskan curators do things differently.
Alaskan educators say the private sector has helped pick up some of the slack.
Alaskan families feel besieged as they try to manage and raise their children.
Many Alaskan families rely on the moose as a source of protein for the entire year.
Alaskan fish are as tall as the fisherman.
Most Alaskan fish travel a counter clockwise path following the currents in the north Pacific Ocean.
Alaskan grizzlies are especially desirable because of their large size.
Alaskan guides are well-versed in techniques to avoid such a confrontation.
Alaskan Inn Capture the spirit of Alaska in Ogden, Utah .
Alaskan jobs are at stake.
Alaskan Libraries Do It.
Alaskan marble graces the halls and stairs on each floor.
Alaskan minks are the largest, and they have high-quality light fur.
Alaskan mosquitos are notorious for their size, ferocity and ravenous appetites.
Alaskan Natives create spirit wheels representative of village life and activities.
Alaskan officials expect to hire fewer temporary workers each year to handle the workload.
Alaskan officials indicate there have been no reports of associated damage or injuries.
Alaskan orders require additional shipping charge.
Alaskan pipeline is completed New York City blackout.
Alaskan refineries refine North Slope crude, a crude oil that is naturally high in sulfur.
Alaskan salmon are mostly wild stocks that are less influenced by human induced factors.
Alaskan sponsors are closer to the issues here.
Alaskan summers are short and busy.
Alaskan summers offer some of the most scenic beauty found anywhere in the world.
Alaskan time is.
Alaskan volcano stirs Earth .
Alaskan volcanoes remain the greatest source of volcanic hazards to western Canada.
Alaskan voters are too uninformed.
Alaskan waterways are highways to ship in goods and ship out commodities.
Alaskan weather is unpredictable and can change hourly.
Alaskan winters Brings a variety of snow conditions as well as weather conditions.
Alaskan wolverines feed on whale, walrus, and seal carcasses.
Alaskan women are strong, independent, creative, and very talented in many ways.
Alate emergence is followed by individual dispersal flights.
All alate insects use dorso-ventral muscles to raise their wings.
Alateen meetings can also help kids who have been affected by someone's drug use.
ALB hardware consists of two test vessels and a parts box.
Albanese review ch.
Albania is part of Europe.
Albania isa thing.
Some Albanian agitators aspire to break away from Macedonia to form a greater Albania.
Albanian airports are now accessible via defined air corridors during daylight hours.
Albanian art has a long and eventful history.
Albanian authorities report cases of money laundering, despite the poorly developed banking system.
Albanian botany faces an uncertain future .
Albanian businesses have the target of Serbian regime repression for a decade now.
Albanian citizenship is deemed effectively acquired from the day of the oath.
Albanian custom frees a widow to remarry, but gives any children to the father's family.
Albanian democrats denounce govt.
Albanian doctors are ill prepared to handle the volume of patients they now face.
Albanian doctors staff the clinics, working for almost nothing.
Albanian fighters hold up to fierce attacks by government troops.
Albanian flags fly over Albanian municipalities in Kosovo and in Macedonia.
Albanian giants are as tall as pine trees, with black beards that reach to their knees.
Albanian government moves to Tirana, which becomes the capital.
Albanian grammar is complicated.
Albanian gunmen refuse to submit to ultimatum of Macedonian forces.
Albanian law stipulates that every death sentence is automatically appealed to the president.
Albanian leaders can still reexamine their judgments, intentions and expectations.
Albanian leaders refuse, insisting on foreign mediation and, ultimately, independence.
Many Albanian men look identical because they wear the same state-issue brown trousers and jackets.
Albanian music plays on the intercom.
Albanian music uses a variety of traditional instruments,some of which are unique to the country.
Albanian nationalists are hellbent on uniting with neighboring Albania.
Albanian opposition is currently subject to police surveillance, which is typical for dictatorships.
Most Albanian people eat what has recently become known as the Mediterranean diet.
Albanian politicians appear keen on seeing Albania forge ever closer relations with the alliance.
Albanian population is mostly Muslim.
Albanian pyramids collapse.
Albanian rebels pledge to disarm.
Albanian refugees are still to face many difficulties.
Albanian refugees are understandably worried about returning home.
Albanian reports say up to a dozen civilians die.
Albanian responses are relief, happiness and some glee.
Albanian separatists reject the referendum proposal, boycotting peace talks with Serbia.
Albanian socialism is nothing else but rebellion and dictatorship.
Albanian students have no books, desks or blackboards.
Albanian terrorists claim that half of Albanian territory remains outside today's Albanian state.
Albanian terrorists have full American support.
Albanian terrorists show, with their today's act, their true face.
Albanian testimonies are horrible.
Albanian winters are cold and wet, fairly similar to England's, while the summers are dry and hot.
Albanian winters are mild, especially in the lower regions along the coastline.
Albanian women appreciate western cosmetics.
Some Albanian women walk around freely , shouting propaganda.
Albany is part of America.
Albany isa thing.
Some albatross chicks have danger.
Albatross isa seabird.
Albatrosses also use the island.
Albatrosses are a priority species .
Albatrosses are amongst the world's larger birds.
Albatrosses are animals.
Albatrosses are as big as turkeys sitting on the ocean water.
Albatrosses are birds.
Albatrosses are hard-working athletes.
Albatrosses are known for their clumsyness when landing .
Albatrosses are known for their clumsyness when landing.
Albatrosses are large birds and as such have relatively small populations.
Albatrosses are large flying birds that spend most of their life on the sea.
Albatrosses are monogamous and lay only one egg a year, in the same spot every year.
Albatrosses are monogamous, having one mate, and lay one egg each year.
Albatrosses are nomads, staying at sea for months at a time.
Albatrosses are oceanic birds.
Albatrosses are predators also, but they are shown in black.
Albatrosses are pretty unusual in laying one egg at one time.
Albatrosses are pretty unusual in laying one egg.
Albatrosses are scores.
Albatrosses are seabirds.
Albatrosses are ships.
Albatrosses are species that reproduce very slowly.
Albatrosses are the most imperiled of all the world's seabirds.
Albatrosses are tremendous pelagic birds .
Albatrosses are truly at home soaring over the open ocean.
Albatrosses are very large .
Albatrosses are very large.
Albatrosses are well known for their intricate mating dances.
Albatrosses breed on remote islands forming large colonies.
Albatrosses can drink sea water and excrete the excess salt through their nasal passages.
Albatrosses can soar magnificently in high winds, swoop dramatically, and glide with ease.
Albatrosses come ashore only to breed.
Albatrosses cross oceans for breakfast and deign to touch shore only when it involves sex.
Albatrosses defend nest sites.
Albatrosses defend sites.
Albatrosses dive into water.
Albatrosses drink salt water, as do some other sea birds.
Albatrosses drink sea water.
Albatrosses drink sea water.
Albatrosses drink seawater.
Albatrosses drink water.
Albatrosses eat fish.
Albatrosses eat meat.
Albatrosses eat mostly fish, fish eggs, and squid.
Albatrosses eat squid and small fish.
Albatrosses feed mainly on squid and fish, and nest on remote oceanic islands.
Albatrosses feed on fish.
Albatrosses find food.
Albatrosses find good food.
Albatrosses flap wings.
Albatrosses follow longline fishing boats for the waste thrown overboard.
Albatrosses have (part) air sacs.
Albatrosses have (part) bird's feet.
Albatrosses have (part) brains.
Albatrosses have (part) breasts.
Albatrosses have (part) cell membranes.
Albatrosses have (part) cells.
Albatrosses have (part) chest cavities.
Albatrosses have (part) chests.
Albatrosses have (part) corpi.
Albatrosses have (part) cytoplasm.
Albatrosses have (part) ears.
Albatrosses have (part) faces.
Albatrosses have (part) flight feathers.
Albatrosses have (part) heads.
Albatrosses have (part) lips.
Albatrosses have (part) mouths.
Albatrosses have (part) nuclei.
Albatrosses have (part) plasma membranes.
Albatrosses have (part) quill feathers.
Albatrosses have (part) rib cages.
Albatrosses have (part) second joints.
Albatrosses have (part) sections.
Albatrosses have (part) skulls.
Albatrosses have (part) sterna.
Albatrosses have (part) talons.
Albatrosses have (part) vacuoles.
Albatrosses have (part) wishbones.
Albatrosses have a hard time laying their children .
Albatrosses have a hard time laying their children.
Albatrosses have among the most remarkable travelling capacities of any extant animal.
Albatrosses have characteristics.
Albatrosses have difficulty flying without wind.
Albatrosses have eyesights.
Albatrosses have heads.
Albatrosses have narrow wings.
Albatrosses have senses.
Albatrosses have several characteristics.
Albatrosses have the highest proportion of threatened species in any bird family.
Albatrosses have the highest proportion of threatened species of any bird family.
Albatrosses have toes.
Albatrosses have wings.
Albatrosses live long, mate for life, and produce only one egg every one or two years.
Albatrosses live together , and they usually nest on islands where no people live .
Albatrosses live together, and they usually nest on islands where no people live.
Albatrosses mate for life but usually only reproduce every other year.
Albatrosses nest in colonies.
Albatrosses nest in dense colonies.
Albatrosses pair up for life and they do return to land and to their nesting sites.
Albatrosses raise their feet off the ground and spread their wings to shade their feet.
Albatrosses reach maturity.
Albatrosses reach sexual maturity.
Albatrosses return to land to breed.
Albatrosses routinely travel great distances.
Albatrosses take care of their young chicks until they have grown enough to defend themselves .
Albatrosses take care of their young chicks until they have grown enough to defend themselves.
Albatrosses take flight.
Albatrosses take several years to get their full adult feathers .
Albatrosses take several years to get their full adult feathers.
Albatrosses work hard for a living.
An albatross is an oceanic bird
Albatrosses usually come back to their own group after leaving for a while to find a mate .
Albatrosses usually come back to their own group after leaving for a while to find a mate.
All albatrosses are very good at flying , spending much of their life in the air .
All albatrosses are very good at flying, spending much of their life in the air.
Most albatrosses defend nest sites.
Most albatrosses defend sites.
Most albatrosses dive into water.
Most albatrosses drink sea water.
Most albatrosses drink seawater.
Most albatrosses drink water.
Most albatrosses eat fish.
Most albatrosses feed on fish.
Most albatrosses find food.
Most albatrosses find good food.
Most albatrosses have characteristics.
Most albatrosses have eyesights.
Most albatrosses have heads.
Most albatrosses have narrow wings.
Most albatrosses have senses.
Most albatrosses have several characteristics.
Most albatrosses have toes.
Most albatrosses have wings.
Most albatrosses live in the southern oceans, with only occasional excursions into northern waters.
Most albatrosses reach maturity.
Most albatrosses reach sexual maturity.
Most albatrosses take flight.
Some albatrosses consume crabs.
Some albatrosses eat squids.
Some albatrosses have bills.
Some albatrosses have chances.
Some albatrosses have offspring.
Some albatrosses have plumages.
Some albatrosses have predators.
Some albatrosses live to be eighty years old.
Some albatrosses steal food.
Albedo features are named for classical mythology.
Albedo levels are high for snow and ice, but low for forests and oceans.
Alberta is part of Canada.
Alberta isa thing.
Albinism affects eyes.
Albinism affects people from all races.
Albinism is a congenital abnormality
Albinism is birth defects.
Albinism is diseases.
Albinism is hypopigmentation
Albinism is hypopigmentation.
Albinism isa abnormality.
Albinism isa condition.
Albinism occurs throughout the animal kingdom.
Most albinism affects eyes.
Albinistic individuals are rare.
Albino adults occur at very low frequencies.
Albino alligators are an incredible phenomenon.
Albino animals have skin.
Albino animals lack the brownish-black pigment melanin.
Most albino animals have skin.
All albino asses are white.
Albino badgers can be pure white or yellowish with pink eyes.
Albino barbs are a light yellow with four barely visible stripes.
Albino cats are also white.
Albino children tend to have problems with crossing of the eyes as they grow.
Some albino cockroaches cause damage.
Albino ferrets are white with pink eyes.
Albino ferrets are white, with pink eyes.
All albino fish are whitish-pink with pink eyes.
Albino freebies Link to internet freebies, contests, samples, shareware, catalogs and more.
Albino frogs are aquatic creatures.
Albino hair is the result of the melanocytes producing little or no pigment at all.
Albino hippos are common.
Albino horses are the only true white horses.
Albino horses lack pigment in the skin, hair, and eyes, a.
Albino individuals are similar to normal individuals in growth rate, digestion rate and fertility.
Albino individuals produce no melanin whatsoever.
Albino koalas are very rare.
Albino mutants look nekkid.
Albino people have very defective vision and their eyes are extremely sensitive to light.
Albino people lack the enzyme needed to convert tyrosine to melanin.
All albino rabbits are deaf.
Albino shrews occur occasionally.
Albino snakes can remain in the sunlight for several hours with minimal harm.
Albino squirrels are quite common, while albino robins are less often observed.
Albino squirrels are quite popular in some parts of the United States.
Albino squirrels ride motocycles, fish spin around chasing elusive bait.
Some albino varieties do exist, but are in limited supply in the United States and the world.
Albino vertebrates exposed to intense light typically lose photoreceptors due to apoptosis .
Albino isa individual.
Albino isa person.
Albino isa somebody.
Albino isa someone.
Albinos have (part) arms.
Albinos have (part) body substances.
Albinos have (part) cell membranes.
Albinos have (part) cells.
Albinos have (part) corpi.
Albinos have (part) cytoplasm.
Albinos have (part) heads.
Albinos have (part) human bodies.
Albinos have (part) legs.
Albinos have (part) material bodies.
Albinos have (part) necks.
Albinos have (part) nuclei.
Albinos have (part) personality.
Albinos have (part) plasma membranes.
Albinos have (part) sections.
Albinos have (part) vacuoles.
Albinos have eyes.
Albinos have pink eyes.
Albinos reach adulthood.
Most albinos have eyes.
Most albinos have pink eyes.
Some albinos have coloration.
Some albinos have feathers.
Some albinos have typical coloration.
Some albinos have white feathers.
Albright alumni are elegible for consideration five years after their graduation date.
Album artwork is also available.
Album cover is padded and covered orange floral-patterned silk cloth.
Album cover is slightly soiled.
Album cover is taped on one edge and slightly soiled.
Album cover is tore on the top edge.
Album cover is torn at top and bottom edge and record is scratched.
Album cover is torn at top seam.
Album cover is very worn, faded, soiled and spotted.
Album cover shows a small castle on a mountain with a road winding around it.
Album cover shows some wear and tear.
Album covers are graphics.
Album credits are for kissing peoples' butts or making amends.
Album sales supplement the band's limited budget.
Album cover being designed.
Album isa instrumentality.
Album listings and notes dually presented in Gaelic and English.
Album marks on back.
Album pour piano, op.
Album pour piano, violin, violoncelle, harmonium et cor.
Album reviews covering a variety of genres, plus features and occasional news.
Album reviews for all the lastest albums, and a state of the art discussion forum.
Album reviews with links.
Album reviews, sound files.
Album titles with the 'tree-button' contain annotations and additional information.
Albums are a little more complicated than the photos.
Albums are albums.
Albums are all instrumental except where noted.
Albums are an important part of an artist's expression.
Albums are available in CD format only.
Albums are books.
Albums are collections.
Albums are difficult to suggest.
Albums are few and far between, as are tours.
Albums are fine, it seems.
Albums are in the order of release.
Albums are interesting.
Albums are like our own children.
Albums are like photographs of a time period.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and by the artist 's first name .
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and by the artist's first name.
Albums are located in book shelfs.
Albums are located in closets.
Albums are located in music stores.
Albums are mediums.
Albums are sound recordings.
Albums are the big deal.
Albums are used for launchs.
Albums are used for memory.
Albums are used for music.
Albums are used for play.
Albums are used for sells.
Albums can be collectible for their visual graphics as well as the music.
Albums can be private, shared with friends and family, or open to the public.
Albums can be wonderful sources of historic and genealogical information.
Albums can contain text descriptions and audio enhancements.
Albums can generate story after story and hours of pleasure for everyone.
Albums come in many styles, patterns and sizes.
Albums come in their bucket loads, get played, get forgotten.
Albums come with coordinating stickers and paper.
Albums contain photos.
Albums contain style.
Albums feature tracks.
Albums feature warm coastal jazz, African persussion, acoustic guitar, and world-beat blues.
Albums have (part) sections.
Albums have benefits.
Albums have songs.
Albums have their high points and low points.
Albums include songs.
Albums reveal a great deal more about the person or family than individual photos do.
Albums sell consistantly even today.
Albums sell copies.
Albums shown are available through their respective authorized representatives.
Albums take four years to craft to perfection.
Albums tend to be the most popular storage medium.
An album is a medium
All album covers have a silk fabric spine and mounted gold hearts.
All albums are available for purchase.
All albums are available on cassette only on the order page.
All albums are available only with spelling as shown.
All albums are currently in print and available on CD and cassette, except where noted.
All albums are the original titles.
All albums are various-artists compilations.
All albums below are in stores now.
All albums contain at least one track by a current or former Wisconsin resident artist or group.
All albums have covers.
All albums listed below are stock items.
All albums made in France in the past year are able to win.
Every album has a producer.
Every album has audio samples from selected songs as well as lyrics.
Every album including the packaging is of the highest quality in the music industry.
Every album is a focused spray of such dots.
Every album is a show in itself.
Every album is different in the same way every song is different.
Every album is great, and they seem to be getting better.
Every album is tested on children, parents and educators before it is added to our catalogue.
Every album needs a love song or two.
Every album possesses a time of day for which it is a perfect match.
Every album sounds different.
Many albums feature a track listing, simply click on the album sleeve to display it.
Many albums have interlocking trays and dustite closures.
More albums means more overhead expenses and man-hours.
Most albums are also available through other internet outlets.
Most albums contain photos.
Most albums contain social and political commentary.
Most albums contain style.
Most albums have benefits.
Most albums have different estimates of sales .
Most albums have different estimates of sales.
Most albums have online audio samples.
Most albums have songs.
Most albums here are in mint condition.
Most albums sell copies.
Most albums take a matter of months to complete, at most a year or two.
Most albums use an unstable, acidic plastic which contributes to the deterioration of photos.
Some album covers featuring scooters.
Some albums are available for purchase in our safe and secure online shopping system.
Some albums are better than others.
Some albums are just easy.
Some albums contain cases.
Some albums deal with themes.
Some albums deserve dedicated, repeated listening, uninterrupted from beginning to end.
Some albums ennoble the listener by the very act of being heard.
Some albums hang from floors.
Some albums have dark green leaves.
Some albums have flowers.
Some albums have green leaves.
Some albums have leaves.
Some albums have white flowers.
Some albums make good background music.
Some albums receive criticism.
Some albums receive negative criticism.
Some albums receive positive responses.
Some albums receive responses.
Some albums show growth.
Some albums try to make big statements, or at least be loud enough that they seem that way.
Albumen also is considered to have antibacterial properties.
Albumen print A photographic printing process using egg whites in the emulsion.
Albumen print from wet collodion negative, from album Upper Egypt and Ethiopia , vol.
All albumen photographs exhibit a fine network of cracks in the albumen protein layer.
Albumen prints are thus contact printed , or placed in direct contact with the negative.
Albumen prints outnumber any other type of photographic positive made during the nineteenth century.
Albumen isa protein.
Albumens have (part) atoms.
Albumens have (part) chemical chain.
Albumens have (part) chemical groups.
Albumin acts as a sponge to hold water in the blood vessels.
Albumin acts like a sponge to keep water in the blood vessels.
Albumin also transports various blood components and nutrients.
Albumin decreases as cancer progresses.
Albumin decreases in burns, liver disease, renal disease, pre-eclampsia, stress and sepsis.
Albumin facilitates zinc acquisition by endothelial cells.
Albumin fluctuates so widely because it is very sensitive to changes in hydration of the body.
Albumin has a long tradition of safety.
Albumin has an excellent tightening effect on large pores and leaves a polished sheen to the skin.
Albumin helps create blood's high viscosity.
Albumin helps maintain the body's fluid balance by keeping water in the blood.
Albumin is a blood protein of immense importance to good health.
Albumin is a blood protein produced by the liver.
Albumin is a component of the all the protein excreted in the urine.
Albumin is a component of the cell wall and is distributed throughout the rice.
Albumin is a major blood protein, produced by the liver.
Albumin is a major carrier protein.
Albumin is a major protein produced by the liver.
Albumin is a nonspecific indicator of liver dysfunction.
Albumin is a protein made in the liver.
Albumin is a protein manufactured by the liver.
Albumin is a protein that is present in high concentrations in the blood.
Albumin is a protein that's produced in the liver and circulates in the blood.
Albumin is a protein which is made by the liver and circulates in the blood.
Albumin is a type of protein found in body tissues and fluids.
Albumin is a very abundant and natural protein in the blood.
Albumin is a very abundant long-lived natural protein in the blood.
Albumin is a water-soluble protein made by the liver that is one of the main constituents of blood.
Albumin is also important in the blood transport of many drugs, hormones, and other chemicals.
Albumin is an abundant protein in the body produced in the liver from amino acids.
Albumin is an egg by-product.
Albumin is an excellent measure of protein status.
Albumin is another problem.
Albumin is considered by physicians to be a safe and superior product to hetastarch.
Albumin is decreased.
Albumin is found in blood serum .
Albumin is found in blood serum.
Albumin is made in different strengths and different sizes.
Albumin is one of the best indices of nutritional status as it relates to outcome.
Albumin is one of the major plasma proteins.
Albumin is one of the many proteins found in plasma.
Albumin is particularly useful in absorbing bodily fluid into the blood.
Albumin is present as the main contaminant.
Albumin is produced at the last stage of a series of purification procedures.
Albumin is synthesized by the liver and secreted into the blood.
Albumin is synthesized by the liver.
Albumin is the largest protein fraction in avian serum.
Albumin is the major binding protein.
Albumin is the major blood protein made by the liver.
Albumin is the major protein in blood plasma.
Albumin is the major protein in the blood.
Albumin is the major protein present within the blood.
Albumin is the naturally occurring colloid and is still widely used.
Albumin is the preferred source of the protein, but non-plasma sources of protein can be used.
Albumin is the protein of the highest concentration in plasma.
Albumin is useful as a plasma expander.
Albumin makes up a large portion of the volume that leaks into the peritoneal space.
Albumin migrates the farest, and gamma the least.
Albumin reduces basement membrane hydraulic conductance in part due to arginyl side groups.
Albumin reduces basement membrane hydraulic conductance in part due to arginyl sidegroups.
Albumin serves to increase the osmotic pressure of blood.
Albumins are a group of amino acids in milk which also provide nutrients.
Albumins are also present.
Albumins are globular proteins.
Albumins are proteins.
Albumins are the predominant protein group present in blood plasma.
Albumins are the smallest and most abundant of the plasma proteins.
Albumins carry fatty acids and other small hydrophobic molecules from tissue to tissue.
An albumin is a simple protein
Albuminous protein remains in the whey and is precipitated by high temperatures to make ricotta.
Albuminuria is the first sign of diabetic kidney disease.
An albuminuria is a symptom
Albuquerque libraries receive support.
Albuquerque prices vary, like most big cities.
Albuquerque residents seem to be comfortable with flying.
Albuterol inhalation is used to treat conditions such as asthma, bronchitis, and emphysema.
Albuterol sulfate is a white crystalline powder, soluble in water and slightly soluble in ethanol.
ALCC members are the best the state has to offer.
Alchemical cooking takes the right length of time, the correct heat, and constant attention.
Alchemical machinery runs smoothest in the imagination.
Alchemical processes color the cards.
Alchemists are books.
Alchemists are careful to mark their concoctions properly to avoid accidents.
Alchemists are intellectuals.
Alchemists are today's chemists.
Alchemists are video games.
Alchemists believe that it is possible to turn lead into gold.
Alchemists do in fact make some progress.
Alchemists have personal preferences as to when an where to use fresh versus dried plants.
Alchemists tend to ignore the Alpabe runes except for certain uses in mathematical notation.
Alchemists use it.
An alchemist is an intellectual
Alchemists often rely heavily on astrology to determine the best times for certain procedures.
All alchemists seek transformation.
Alchemy rings are available in five sizes.
Alchemy comes in part from the ancient smiths.
Alchemy is a social relation
Alchemy takes more thought, so it is more or less fun, depending.
Alcian blue is used to stain cartilage and alizarin red is used to stain bone.
Alciopid worms are polychaetes that are very abundant in the mid water.
Alcohol abuse affects a large number of workers in Europe.
Alcohol abuse appears to be the drug most often associated with physical abuse.
Alcohol abuse can also lead to family conflicts and broken households.
Alcohol abuse can also lead to neurological disorders in adults, disrupting memory and learning.
Alcohol abuse can also lead to other serious physical problems.
Alcohol abuse can also lead to pancreatitis.
Alcohol abuse can also lead to tinnitus, as can an overdose of caffeine.
Alcohol abuse can appear in several patterns.
Alcohol abuse can be mild or heavy .
Alcohol abuse can be mild or heavy.
Alcohol abuse can cause liver and heart problems and throat and mouth cancer.
Alcohol abuse can cause people to bruise more easily.
Alcohol abuse can cause serious damage to the liver.
Alcohol abuse can cause serious health and other problems.
Alcohol abuse can lead to a variety of chronic health disorders.
Alcohol abuse can lead to alcoholism.
Alcohol abuse can lead to both homicides and suicides.
Alcohol abuse can lead to dependence on alcohol.
Alcohol abuse can lead to further drug and substance dependence.
Alcohol abuse can lead to serious and complex health and social problems.
Alcohol abuse can play a significant role in the occurrence of date rape.
Alcohol abuse can ruin a career.
Alcohol abuse causes diseases.
Alcohol abuse contributes to most of the accidents and conflicts in the community.
Alcohol abuse costs businesses twice as much as illegal drug use.
Alcohol abuse creates many complex problems, but is a widely accepted drug.
Alcohol abuse destroys livers.
Alcohol abuse grows worse over time.
Alcohol abuse has a devastating effect on people and all aspects of their lives.
Alcohol abuse has an ancient history.
Alcohol abuse imposes massive economic costs upon today's society.
Alcohol abuse is a common cause of toxic liver damage.
Alcohol abuse is a common problem among teenagers as well as adults.
Alcohol abuse is a concern on college campuses nationwide.
Alcohol abuse is a definite military tradition.
Alcohol abuse is a great concern in rural Alaska's native communities.
Alcohol abuse is a great evil in our land.
Alcohol abuse is a habit
Alcohol abuse is a major problem on campuses all over the country.
Alcohol abuse is a major problem.
Alcohol abuse is a major public health problem and the most common contributor to trauma .
Alcohol abuse is a major public health problem.
Alcohol abuse is a major social problem.
Alcohol abuse is a nutritional risk factor for elders.
Alcohol abuse is a pattern of problem drinking that can have major health and societal consequences.
Alcohol abuse is a problem that can affect people of any age.
Alcohol abuse is a problem.
Alcohol abuse is a risk factor.
Alcohol abuse is a serious problem nationwide, on or off college campuses.
Alcohol abuse is a serious problem on virtually all college and university campuses.
Alcohol abuse is a serious problem, and underage drinking is particularly troublesome.
Alcohol abuse is a serious problem.
Alcohol abuse is a silent epidemic among America's older adults.
Alcohol abuse is a very old health problem, older than advertising or television.
Alcohol abuse is a wide spread disease of epidemic proportions.
Alcohol abuse is about excesses that end in death or disability.
Alcohol abuse is Alaska's number one health problem.
Alcohol abuse is an epidemic that is mercilessly claiming the lives and futures of our young people.
Alcohol abuse is an ongoing problem among the LE population.
Alcohol abuse is another common disorder that knows no boundaries.
Alcohol abuse is associated with cancer of the gut or lung and possibly with breast cancer.
Alcohol abuse is associated with the increased incidence in a number of infectious diseases.
Alcohol abuse is definitely more severe than binge drinking, as well as more dangerous.
Alcohol abuse is different from alcohol dependence.
Alcohol abuse is drug abuse, except that the alcohol is legal.
Alcohol abuse is involved in almost all reported fraternity hazing deaths.
Alcohol abuse is known to have detrimental effects to the liver and other organs.
Alcohol abuse is linked to cancer, heart and liver damage.
Alcohol abuse is moderate , but shows early .
Alcohol abuse is moderate, but shows early.
Alcohol abuse is more common.
Alcohol abuse is more immediately dangerous to the self and others than food is.
Alcohol abuse is one of America's most serious social and health problems.
Alcohol abuse is one of Canada's most serious health and social problems.
Alcohol abuse is one of Montana's oldest traditions and biggest problems.
Alcohol abuse is one of the most significant health-related drug prob.
Alcohol abuse is one such issue, but there are other things to examine as well.
Alcohol abuse is probably just an attempt at self-medicating feelings of depression.
Alcohol abuse is rampant among middle and high school students from all social backgrounds.
Alcohol abuse is reported to be more prevalent in the Russian military than among civilians.
Alcohol abuse is shown.
Alcohol abuse is subject to penalties specified by the Liquor Control Act.
Alcohol abuse is substance abuse.
Alcohol abuse is suspected as a frequent factor in high school and college dropout rates.
Alcohol abuse is the cause of most domestic violence.
Alcohol abuse is the intentional overuse of alcohol, i.e., to the point of drunkenness.
Alcohol abuse is the leading cause of liver disease in the United States.
Alcohol abuse is the most common cause of cirrhosis of the liver in the United States.
Alcohol abuse is the most common cause of cirrhosis.
Alcohol abuse is the number one cause of snowmobile related accidents.
Alcohol abuse is the number one problem in America.
Alcohol abuse is the repeated use of alcohol that results in daily living problems.
Alcohol abuse is unhealthy and inconsistent with fraternal ideals.
Alcohol abuse is unhealthy and inconsistent with fraternity and sorority ideals.
Alcohol abuse is unhealthy and inconsistent with fraternity ideals.
Alcohol abuse is unhealthy and inconsistent with Greek ideals.
Alcohol abuse is unhealthy and inconsistent with the ideals of our fraternity.
Alcohol abuse is, however, a better predictor of attempted suicide than marital status.
Alcohol abuse lies along a continuum, from mild to severe.
Alcohol abuse means drinking more alcohol than is socially, psychologically or physically healthy.
Alcohol abuse ranks third as a cause of death, behind heart disease and cancer.
Alcohol abuse reflects a general social problem.
Alcohol abuse remains problematic for teenagers.
Alcohol abuse remains the most common reason people seek treatment.
Alcohol abuse schooling, fines and other current consequences to also remain.
Alcohol abuse threatens the well-being of students and their potential for contribution to society.
Alcohol ads are no exception.
Alcohol addiction causes financial ruin.
Alcohol addiction is a biological and genetic disorder.
Alcohol addiction is a brain disease which is manifested by loss of control over excessive drinking.
Alcohol addiction is a major health and social problem in the United States.
Alcohol addiction is a major problem that afflicts northern Labrador communities.
Alcohol addiction is habituation
Alcohol addiction is life-threatening.
Alcohol addiction is rampant.
Alcohol advertising is also back on the agenda.
Alcohol bans are now forfeit.
Alcohol beverages contain no fat, no cholesterol, and very little sodium.
Alcohol burners have flames.
Most alcohol burners have flames.
Alcohol consumption can affect awareness and cause a person to choke.
Alcohol consumption can also affect infant health.
Alcohol consumption can also be a factor.
Alcohol consumption can also increase pain.
Alcohol consumption can also increase the chance of heat stroke or dehydration on a hot day.
Alcohol consumption can be a large part of the holiday season for many people.
Alcohol consumption can cause further weakening of the heart muscle.
Alcohol consumption can create negative externalities, but only if people drink to excess.
Alcohol consumption can damage the brain and most body organs.
Alcohol consumption can directly or indirectly result in damage to the liver.
Alcohol consumption can increase the chance of heat stroke or dehydration on a hot day.
Alcohol consumption can increase the liver damage caused by chloroform.
Alcohol consumption can lead to deficiency of certain micronutrients.
Alcohol consumption can prevent implantation of a fertilized egg.
Alcohol consumption can result hours later in what is known as a hangover type of headache.
Alcohol consumption can result in delayed severe insulin reactions.
Alcohol consumption causes a number of marked changes in behavior.
Alcohol consumption causes a number of marked charges in behavior.
Alcohol consumption causes dramatic rises in estrogen levels in the body.
Alcohol consumption causes nausea in people taking disulfiram.
Alcohol consumption causes problems with coordination, reflexes, and balance.
Alcohol consumption damages brains.
Alcohol consumption damages hearts.
Alcohol consumption doubles the rate of magnesium excretion as well.
Alcohol consumption eliminate all advertising.
Alcohol consumption enhances liver metastasis in colorectal carcinoma patients.
Alcohol consumption follows the same pattern as tobacco.
Alcohol consumption goes up during the holidays, compounding the problem.
Alcohol consumption has acute effects on the body and causes a number of marked changes in behavior.
Alcohol consumption has both good and bad effects, of course.
Alcohol consumption has effects.
Alcohol consumption improves milk production.
Alcohol consumption improves production.
Alcohol consumption improves sexual performance.
Alcohol consumption increases risk.
Alcohol consumption increases the likelihood of injury or death resulting from vehicle accidents.
Alcohol consumption increases the likelihood of mayhem on college campuses.
Alcohol consumption increases the toxic effects of carbon tetrachloride.
Alcohol consumption increases the toxicity of the pharmacological constituents.
Alcohol consumption induces a specific cachectic response in melanoma-bearing mice.
Alcohol consumption is a big cause of sleep apnea also.
Alcohol consumption is a cause of acute gastritis and duodenitis.
Alcohol consumption is a constant issue on many campuses.
Alcohol consumption is a serious problem.
Alcohol consumption is an integral part of the Australian social scene.
Alcohol consumption is another risk factor.
Alcohol consumption is associated with increased risk of suicide in the home.
Alcohol consumption is banned in some public places as 'street drinking'.
Alcohol consumption is extremely common.
Alcohol consumption is free, even for teens.
Alcohol consumption is in part escapist.
Alcohol consumption is known to increase dopamine levels in the brain.
Alcohol consumption is limited to resident rooms.
Alcohol consumption is limited to the bars.
Alcohol consumption is linked to birth defects.
Alcohol consumption is much greater and there is a much greater degree of public intoxication.
Alcohol consumption is notoriously under-reported in most studies.
Alcohol consumption is one of the few breast cancer risk factors that can be easily modified.
Alcohol consumption is permitted.
Alcohol consumption is related to suicide, motor vehicle accidents, and violent behavior.
Alcohol consumption is the most common cause of domestic violence.
Alcohol consumption is the most dangerous thing an adolescent can do.
Alcohol consumption is the most serious addiction related problem in the nation.
Alcohol consumption is the number one item that contributes to crime on campus.
Alcohol consumption plays a major role in domestic abuse.
Alcohol consumption promotes inflammation, cell death and scarring in the liver.
Alcohol consumption remains a huge drain on the health system through injury.
Alcohol consumption remains high.
Alcohol consumption seems to have no effect.
Alcohol consumption starts to reach the flash point as group shots are being bought left and right.
Alcohol consumption varies markedly with social class in women.
Alcohol consumption wills have effects.
Alcohol consumption wills have negative effects.
Most alcohol consumption has effects.
Most alcohol consumption improves milk production.
Most alcohol consumption improves production.
Some alcohol consumption affects infants.
Some alcohol consumption causes hypertension.
Some alcohol consumption leads to many problems.
Some alcohol consumption leads to problems.
Some alcohol consumption reduces milk production.
Some alcohol consumption reduces production.
Alcohol content has to count for something.
Alcohol content is certainly more than the erroneous original gravity measurement indicates.
Alcohol content is expressed as a percentage of volume or weight.
Alcohol content is two to three times more than beer.
Alcohol content varies among drinks.
Alcohol culture exists.
Alcohol dependence can cause osteoporosis and arthritis, and deform the joints.
Alcohol dependence can include any or all of the above, but it is even more serious.
Alcohol dependence is a clinical syndrome in which there is a cluster of alcohol related symptoms.
Alcohol dependence is a genetically-influenced disorder.
Alcohol dependence is alcoholism.
Alcohol dependence is monitored by healthcare providers, counselors, family, and friends.
Alcohol dependence is prevalent in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Alcohol dependence is the most severe alcohol problem.
Alcohol dependence tends to cluster in families.
Alcohol dependency is associated with a tendency to deny the severity of the problem.
Alcohol dependency requires more intensive management.
Alcohol dependency seems to run in families.
Alcohol education is also an integral part of student orientation during fall term.
Alcohol effect causing peripheral dilation is extinguished when cold water immersion occurs.
Alcohol fermentation involves yeasts and other bacterial forms.
Alcohol fermentation is carried out by many bacteria and yeasts .
Alcohol fermentation is done by yeast and some kinds of bacteria.
Alcohol fermentation is the formation of alcohol from sugar.
Alcohol fuels are a means of harnessing bioenergy.
Alcohol fuels burn cleaner than regular gasoline and produce less carbon monoxide.
Alcohol fuels have high octane.
Alcohol fuels lose one-half gram per mile per vehicle less than conventional gasoline vehicles.
Alcohol groups require a stronger oxidizing agent than aldehydes.
An alcohol group is a radical
Alcohol intolerance can occur with any sulfonylurea.
Alcohol intoxication is equivalent to a drug overdose.
Alcohol intoxication is never an excuse for unacceptable behavior.
Alcohol intoxication is often a contributor to violent behavior.
Alcohol intoxication is the leading cause of traffic fatalities in the United States.
Alcohol intoxication reduces visual sustained attention.
Alcohol intoxications are diseases.
Alcohol level can be medium to high.
Alcohol levels continue to rise, causing the person to become unconscious, rather than asleep.
Alcohol levels vary from vintage to vintage, but can be extremely low.
Alcohol metabolism alters the balance of reproductive hormones in men and women.
Alcohol misuse affects individuals, families and society at large.
Alcohol misuse affects the vulnerable.
Alcohol misuse is frequently a contributing factor.
Alcohol misuse is of utmost concern on college campuses today.
Alcohol misuse is one such serious behavioral problem.
Alcohol misuse presents the greatest drug problem in Australia today.
Alcohol poison is poisoning.
Alcohol poisoning can also happen quickly to a child who ingests only a small amount.
Alcohol poisoning can happen when a person drinks too much alcohol too quickly on one occasion.
Alcohol poisoning can kill.
Alcohol poisoning depends on the person.
Alcohol poisoning is a medical emergency.
Alcohol poisoning is a severe and potentially fatal physical reaction to an alcohol overdose.
Alcohol poisoning is a very serious condition.
Alcohol poisoning is an overwhelming of the central nervous system.
Alcohol poisoning is another serious side effect of excessive drinking.
Alcohol poisoning is caused by drinking large quantities of alcohol in a short period of time.
Alcohol poisoning is common in children throughout the year, but increases during the holidays.
Alcohol poisoning is merely a theoretical state, much like absolute zero.
Alcohol poisoning kills thousands annually.
Alcohol poisoning occurs when too much alcohol has been ingested.
Alcohol problems are likely to exacerbate and be exacerbated by any of the above issues.
Alcohol problems are pervasive.
Alcohol problems are very common.
Alcohol problems begin at an early age.
Alcohol prohibition is an outstanding example.
Alcohol stoves are the widest used stove on extended walks.
Alcohol thermometers are currently less easy to find at retailers.
An alcohol thermometer is a thermometer
Alcohol tolerance drops as people age.
Alcohol tolerance increases.
Alcohol use adds to lifeguards' headaches and increases naturally occurring dangers.
Alcohol use affects health in many ways.
Alcohol use affects judgment and can result in vandalism and aggressive or even violent behavior.
Alcohol use affects judgment, vision, balance, and coordination.
Alcohol use affects many parts of the body.
Alcohol use affects the interpersonal relationships and the communal environment of campus.
Alcohol use appears to have remained consistent across grade levels.
Alcohol use appears to impact women more just before menstruation due to hormonal changes.
Alcohol use appears to speed progression of liver disease.
Alcohol use begins at an early age.
Alcohol use can also cause inflammation of the vocal cords.
Alcohol use can also complicate diagnosis.
Alcohol use can also reduce the milk supply.
Alcohol use can become addictive, however.
Alcohol use can cause abnormal heart rhythms in athletes.
Alcohol use can cause an enlarged liver by fat infiltration.
Alcohol use can cause heart defects.
Alcohol use can cause problems even for moderate drinkers.
Alcohol use can cause uniform B vitamin deficiency.
Alcohol use can erode a person's resolve to live a healthier lifestyle and can be addictive.
Alcohol use can increase the risk of liver, stomach, colon and breast cancer.
Alcohol use can raise blood pressure.
Alcohol use can reduce the milk supply.
Alcohol use continues to be widespread among U.S. adolescents during high school and college years.
Alcohol use decreases athletic skills by impairing concentration, judgment, and coordination.
Alcohol use has many damaging effects on all areas of a person's life.
Alcohol use increases the risk for liver damage.
Alcohol use increases the risk of both accidents and a condition known as hypothermia.
Alcohol use increases the risk of cirrhosis enormously.
Alcohol use increases the risk of liver cancer .
Alcohol use is a leading cause of birth defects.
Alcohol use is a major contributing factor in recreational boating fatalities.
Alcohol use is a risk factor for a first generalized tonic-clonic seizure.
Alcohol use is a risk factor for injury and death in aquatic settings for a variety of reasons.
Alcohol use is a rite of passage.
Alcohol use is a serious problem being faced by many aspects of our society.
Alcohol use is a significant risk factor in hypothermia.
Alcohol use is a very serious problem for our children.
Alcohol use is also a major factor.
Alcohol use is also a problem.
Alcohol use is also widespread.
Alcohol use is another example that can be related to the pressures of sport.
Alcohol use is associated with anger and violence.
Alcohol use is associated with increased risk of breast cancer.
Alcohol use is definitely a major problem on today's college campus.
Alcohol use is extremely common in our society.
Alcohol use is far worse for memory loss.
Alcohol use is illegal for minors.
Alcohol use is illegal, violates school policy, and interferes with the learning process.
Alcohol use is integrated into cultural norms of Hungarian society.
Alcohol use is involved in a third to a half of all road deaths in developed nations.
Alcohol use is limited to private parties.
Alcohol use is linked to cancer of the mouth, esophagus, stomach, and intestines.
Alcohol use is lowered and lowered.
Alcohol use is more harmful than heroin use.
Alcohol use is much more prevalent among men, both in the general and religious populations.
Alcohol use is one of the highest predicators of a college woman's rape.
Alcohol use is one of the major causes of motor vehicle crashes.
Alcohol use is prevalent in Cuba.
Alcohol use is shown, at times in raucous bar scenes.
Alcohol use is stopped abruptly.
Alcohol use is the most serious problem among youth.
Alcohol use is the number one drug problem among young people.
Alcohol use is the only substance for which no significant decline in use was observed.
Alcohol use is the primary cause of traffic accidents involving teenage drivers.
Alcohol use is to be avoided while symptoms are present.
Alcohol use is unknown.
Alcohol use is widespread among young Aboriginal people.
Alcohol use is widespread as is the domestic violence and child abuse that results from it.
Alcohol use makes vitamin A toxicity more likely.
Alcohol use puts drivers at serious risk as does aggressive driving behavior.
Alcohol use seems to be increasing among adolescents according to several people interviewed.
Alcohol use seems under reported in birth certificate data.
Some alcohol use has effects.
Some alcohol use has immediate effects.
Alcohol withdrawal can be fatal, but heroin or opiate withdrawal is almost never fatal.
Alcohol withdrawal can be life - threatening.
Alcohol withdrawal can be life threatening for heavy drinkers.
Alcohol withdrawal can be life threatening.
Alcohol withdrawal can be life-threatening.
Alcohol withdrawal can cause anxiety, autonomic dysfunction, seizures, and hallucinations.
Alcohol withdrawal can lead to DTs, which can be fatal if untreated.
Alcohol absorbs water and rapidly evaporates, taking the water along with it.
Alcohol accelerates things even more.
Alcohol accounts for about one half of all auto fatalities.
Alcohol accounts for more traffic fatalities than any other cause.
Alcohol activates the cerebral reward system in man.
Alcohol acts as a central nervous system depressant.
Alcohol acts as a depressant and reduces self-criticism and anxiety.
Alcohol acts as a depressant in most people.
Alcohol acts as a depressant in the central nervous system.
Alcohol acts as a depressant.
Alcohol acts as a diuretic, resulting in fast water loss.
Alcohol acts as a general anesthetic, slowing the activity of the spinal cord and brain.
Alcohol acts as a preservative and stabilizer, giving the essences an indefinite shelf life.
Alcohol acts as a solvent in the mouth making tissues more vulnerable to carcinogens.
Alcohol acts as an antibiotic.
Alcohol acts in the body to shut down the glucose-producing capacity of the liver.
Alcohol acts like an embalming fluid, numbing and dulling the nerve endings.
Alcohol acts on a number of molecules that interact with each other.
Alcohol acts on the cerebrum to depress inhibitions.
Alcohol acts on the emotional and cognitive centers of the brain.
Alcohol acts primarily on the nerve cells within the brain.
Alcohol actually accelerates dehydration.
Alcohol affects a person's judgement and on top of that lowers the ability to drive a car.
Alcohol affects ability.
Alcohol affects all drivers.
Alcohol affects all the parts of the brain.
Alcohol affects all tissues of the body.
Alcohol affects behavior as soon as it a. Is swallowed.
Alcohol affects both women AND men.
Alcohol affects brain function.
Alcohol affects can be unpredictable.
Alcohol affects children differently than it does adults.
Alcohol affects concentration and coordination.
Alcohol affects coordination, memory, concentration and perception.
Alcohol affects each individual differently.
Alcohol affects emotion through cognition.
Alcohol affects every body system, causing a wide range of health problems.
Alcohol affects every tissue and organ in the body.
Alcohol affects everybody, some more quickly than others.
Alcohol affects everyone differently based on body weight, time of day, etc.
Alcohol affects everyone.
Alcohol affects how the placenta transfers important nutrients necessary for fetal growth.
Alcohol affects individuals differently.
Alcohol affects individuals, families, jobs, communities, etc.
Alcohol affects judgement .
Alcohol affects judgement and coordination.
Alcohol affects judgement of speed and distance .
Alcohol affects judgement, vision, coordination, and reaction time.
Alcohol affects judgment and lowers inhibitions.
Alcohol affects judgment, balance and vision.
Alcohol affects judgment, behavior, coordination and task performance.
Alcohol affects livers.
Alcohol affects men and women differently.
Alcohol affects men.
Alcohol affects nerve cell membranes.
Alcohol affects night vision by keeping the pupils from adapting from darkness to light .
Alcohol affects our emotional states.
Alcohol affects people differently.
Alcohol affects performance.
Alcohol affects sexual functioning.
Alcohol affects sleep quality and makes it difficult to maintain sleep.
Alcohol affects the body in stages.
Alcohol affects the brain and nervous system and is considered a central nervous system depressant.
Alcohol affects the brain and neurological system directly and indirectly .
Alcohol affects the brain as well as the body.
Alcohol affects the brain so it has the potential to be abused.
Alcohol affects the brain soon after it enters the blood stream.
Alcohol affects the brain, heart, muscles and other parts of the body.
Alcohol affects the central nervous system and brain.
Alcohol affects the central nervous system of the driver.
Alcohol affects the liver, intestinal tract, central nervous system and heart.
Alcohol affects the male in all the ways listed.
Alcohol affects the nervous system and can result in neuropathy and dementia.
Alcohol affects the reproductive system .
Alcohol affects the risk of the squamous cell type more than the risk of adenocarcinoma.
Alcohol affects the thinking, judgment and reasoning abilities first.
Alcohol affects thinking, judgment and reasoning abilities.
Alcohol affects various centers in the brain, both higher and lower order.
Alcohol affects women and men differently.
Alcohol affects women differently than men.
Alcohol affects women in the same way as it does men.
Alcohol affects young drinkers and their brains differently than it does adults.
Alcohol allows antioxidants to dissolve more freely and encourages absorption into the body.
Alcohol alone is involved in seven times more violent crimes than all illegal substances combined.
Alcohol alters our hormone balances and causes hair loss.
Alcohol analyses by gas chromatography.
Alcohol anesthetizes the brain and destroys the restorative functions of sleep.
Alcohol anesthetizes the brain, which disrupts the restorative quality of sleep.
Alcohol attacks the liver by blocking the normal metabolism of protein, fats, and carbohydrates.
Alcohol based additives reduce flash point of diesel fuel which causes early ignition.
Alcohol based products are easiest but can sting.
Alcohol befogs the mind and prevents rational thinking.
Alcohol begins to affect the body shortly after being ingested.
Alcohol blurs the already confused and mixed messages that are being conveyed about sex.
Alcohol burns very hot, without much of a visible flame and produces almost no soot.
Alcohol burns without visible flame.
Alcohol can accelerate the effects of iron overload.
Alcohol can adversely impact the heart.
Alcohol can aggravate pancreatitis even if it has originally been caused by something else.
Alcohol can also affect diabetic nerve damage, eye disease, and high blood triglycerides.
Alcohol can also affect hiking, and any other activity, in other ways.
Alcohol can also affect people's ability to protect themselves form violence.
Alcohol can also affect the muscles that rotate the eyeball.
Alcohol can also affect uric acid metabolism and cause hyperuricemia.
Alcohol can also be a part in it.
Alcohol can also be dangerous if the person drinking it drives a vehicle after drinking .
Alcohol can also be dangerous if the person drinking it drives a vehicle after drinking.
Alcohol can also be poisonous.
Alcohol can also be very harmful if consumed shortly before labour.
Alcohol can also cause dehydration, forgetfulness concerning medications, and in some cases allergy.
Alcohol can also cause flushing, nausea, vomiting, headache, and abdominal cramps.
Alcohol can also cause problems with coordination which can make having sex difficult.
Alcohol can also cause stomach ulcers that can lead to internal bleeding.
Alcohol can also compete with nutrients for absorption.
Alcohol can also contribute to dehydration.
Alcohol can also damage the liver, brain and other parts of the nervous system.
Alcohol can also decrease guys' sperm count and increase their chance of impotence.
Alcohol can also disrupt sleep.
Alcohol can also enhance the effects of sexual stimulation.
Alcohol can also help relieve stress and promote appetite and sleep, especially among the elderly.
Alcohol can also increase triglyceride levels.
Alcohol can also induce a neuropathy and also tremors.
Alcohol can also inhibit the rate at which the platelets in the blood clump together.
Alcohol can also interfere with the liver's ability to metabolize hormones.
Alcohol can also lead to heart disease, liver disease, fatal car crashes, and alcoholism.
Alcohol can also make it difficult for the body to digest and absorb nutrients.
Alcohol can also open skin pores and promote deet absorption.
Alcohol can also play a part in suicide.
Alcohol can also pose a problem.
Alcohol can also produce ulcers which is another dangerous condition.
Alcohol can also promote cerebral hemorrhage, leading to increased incidence of stroke.
Alcohol can also stop medicines from working properly.
Alcohol can appear to eliminate the limitations of physical reality.
Alcohol can attack the liver and lead to a disease called cirrhosis.
Alcohol can be a pain trigger for gout-prone people.
Alcohol can be a poison to the fetus.
Alcohol can be a very destructive substance.
Alcohol can be a very powerful drug.
Alcohol can be an enjoyable part of life.
Alcohol can be an insidious trap, financially.
Alcohol can be beneficial after a taxing convalescence with any disease and with cardiac conditions.
Alcohol can be beneficial in reducing the effects of jet lag.
Alcohol can be both psychologically and chemically addictive.
Alcohol can be dangerous in other ways as well.
Alcohol can be dangerous in other ways, too.
Alcohol can be detrimental to the well-being of people, as can drugs.
Alcohol can be expensive.
Alcohol can be good for the heart.
Alcohol can be harmful to unborn babies resulting in fetal alcohol syndrome.
Alcohol can be harmless and enjoyable, if it is used responsibly.
Alcohol can be just as devastating.
Alcohol can be poisonous to children.
Alcohol can be very dangerous when taken with some medicines.
Alcohol can be very toxic to a young child.
Alcohol can be.
Alcohol can bring both benefit and harm to the individual.
Alcohol can bring out the worst kind of hyper-competitive impulses in interns.
Alcohol can burn.
Alcohol can cause an excessive release of insulin when taken with carbohydrate.
Alcohol can cause birth defects and other problems.
Alcohol can cause brain damage, particularly if there are heavy bouts or prolonged excessive use.
Alcohol can cause changes to all the types of blood cells.
Alcohol can cause deep sedation or sleepiness.
Alcohol can cause dehydration, forgetfulness concerning medications, and in some cases allergy.
Alcohol can cause dehydration.
Alcohol can cause depression so it is best to avoid it.
Alcohol can cause dizziness.
Alcohol can cause gout.
Alcohol can cause havoc in the brain's chemistry.
Alcohol can cause hot flashes.
Alcohol can cause late-night awakenings, so try to avoid it in the evening.
Alcohol can cause malformation, slow growth and nervous system problems in foetuses.
Alcohol can cause many kinds of cancer and can permanently damage the brain.
Alcohol can cause mental retardation, problems with growth, and abnormal facial appearance.
Alcohol can cause mental retardation, problems with growth, and abnormal facial features.
Alcohol can cause people to be rude, verbally abusive, and physically threatening.
Alcohol can cause physical and mental retardation in the infant.
Alcohol can cause problems.
Alcohol can cause serious injury and death.
Alcohol can cause serious intoxications in pets, and many pets are attracted to it.
Alcohol can cause stomach bleeding when it is combined with any medicine that contains aspirin.
Alcohol can cause stomach problems, memory loss, impotence and liver damage.
Alcohol can cause temporary impotence.
Alcohol can cause the same symptoms.
Alcohol can cause the skin to age prematurely.
Alcohol can cause un- restful sleep and frequent awakenings.
Alcohol can cause unpredictable behavior when used in excess.
Alcohol can cause unrestful sleep and frequent awakenings.
Alcohol can cause very low blood sugar.
Alcohol can cause weight gain.
Alcohol can cloud the mind and impair fine motor skills.
Alcohol can contribute to weight problems and damage the liver, brain, heart, and other organs.
Alcohol can create a deficiency of thiamine, which can disrupt the functioning of the nerves.
Alcohol can create a lack of thiamine, disrupting nerve function.
Alcohol can damage some engines.
Alcohol can damage the brain in many ways.
Alcohol can damage the fetus.
Alcohol can damage the lining of the small intestine and stomach, where most nutrients are digested.
Alcohol can damage the liver and increase the risk of liver cancer.
Alcohol can damage the liver even in moderate quantities.
Alcohol can damage the liver, and it has been associated with heart disease.
Alcohol can damage the nervous system, including the brain.
Alcohol can damage the unborn baby s brain cells even after moderate use.
Alcohol can decrease a person's ability to handle a boat in many ways.
Alcohol can decrease the efficacy of indinavir and increase the risk of hepatitis.
Alcohol can decrease the efficacy of phenytoin and increase side effects.
Alcohol can definitely interfere in the sexual arousal and response cycle.
Alcohol can definitely lead to the development of cancer, particularly in smokers.
Alcohol can destroy a family as well as illegal drugs.
Alcohol can destroy restful sleep.
Alcohol can destroy the lives of the alcoholic and family of the loved one.
Alcohol can disrupt sleep.
Alcohol can do great damage to everyone .
Alcohol can do more damage to the developing embryo and fetus than illegal or legal drugs.
Alcohol can either raise or lower the blood sugar.
Alcohol can enter the bloodstream very quickly and circulates to all parts of the body.
Alcohol can evaporate and diffuse, even between the time a person dies and when the fluid is taken.
Alcohol can even be lethal if one drinks an enormous amount.
Alcohol can even kill.
Alcohol can exacerbate in-law issues.
Alcohol can harm children and young people to an alarming degree.
Alcohol can harm one's ability to cool oneself.
Alcohol can harm the fetus and induce birth defects.
Alcohol can harm the liver, brain, and heart.
Alcohol can have a direct depressing effect on the heart if it s used over many years.
Alcohol can have a dual affect on blood glucose levels for someone with diabetes.
Alcohol can have a greater affect on an elder compared with a younger adult.
Alcohol can have a variety of effects on users, especially women.
Alcohol can have adverse effects, if mixed with prescription drugs.
Alcohol can have an ever worsening effect on driving skills as people age.
Alcohol can have harsh effects on such delicate creatures.
Alcohol can have immediate impact on memory and log term abuse can cause irreversible memory loss.
Alcohol can have psychological effects as well.
Alcohol can have very bad effects on the heart and blood vessels.
Alcohol can increase aggression and impair judgment.
Alcohol can increase aggression.
Alcohol can increase blood pressure and directly affect the heart.
Alcohol can increase blood pressure as well as provide excess calories.
Alcohol can increase blood triglycerides.
Alcohol can increase dizziness and drowsiness.
Alcohol can increase drowsiness and dizziness.
Alcohol can increase heat loss.
Alcohol can increase hypoglycemic effects and alter glucose metabolism.
Alcohol can increase possible dizziness or drowsiness.
Alcohol can increase possible unpleasant effects.
Alcohol can increase sexual desire but decrease sexual performance.
Alcohol can increase the amount of time it takes for food to undergo digestion.
Alcohol can increase the chance of getting lactic acidosis .
Alcohol can increase the chance of getting lactic acidosis.
Alcohol can increase the chance of liver problems.
Alcohol can increase the chances of developing hypoglycemia.
Alcohol can increase the effect of other drugs on the body.
Alcohol can increase the effects of many drugs.
Alcohol can increase the effects of theophylline leading to side effects.
Alcohol can increase the frequency and severity of abuse but no causal relationship exists.
Alcohol can increase the loss of body heat and risk of hypothermia.
Alcohol can increase the risk and seriousness of bleeding in the stomach and intestines .
Alcohol can increase the risk for health problems and cause severe problems for pregnant women.
Alcohol can increase the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding when administered with aspirin.
Alcohol can increase the side effects of Sonata or any other sleep medicine.
Alcohol can increase the side effects of Sonata.
Alcohol can increase the side effects of zolpidem tartrate or any other sleep medicine.
Alcohol can increase unwanted side effects of dizziness.
Alcohol can intensify the toxic effects of some pesticides.
Alcohol can irritate the valve as well as the mucous membrane of the esophagus.
Alcohol can keep a person from making sound decisions.
Alcohol can kill as well as aid.
Alcohol can kill college students.
Alcohol can kill fish and other aquatic life.
Alcohol can kill.
Alcohol can leave toxic by-products in the tissues that can speed up aging.
Alcohol can lower blood pressure to a dangerous level.
Alcohol can lower bloodsugar levels which can bring on hypoglycemia.
Alcohol can lower perception and judgment.
Alcohol can make a person feel invincible.
Alcohol can make a person see double .
Alcohol can make blood glucose too high or too low.
Alcohol can make blood sugar levels fall too low.
Alcohol can make dizziness or light-headedness worse is affected.
Alcohol can make even a smart person irational .
Alcohol can make headaches worse.
Alcohol can make the drinker sleepy.
Alcohol can make the effects of other drugs much worse.
Alcohol can make the soap more drying and impart an odor.
Alcohol can make their hands more steady.
Alcohol can pass directly into the bloodstream.
Alcohol can pass freely from the woman's bloodstream into the fetus.
Alcohol can pass from the mother's system into the unborn baby's system very easily.
Alcohol can prevent antidepressants from being effective.
Alcohol can produce the same end result.
Alcohol can raise blood pressure.
Alcohol can reduce body temperature and impair swimming ability.
Alcohol can reduce the production of normally formed sperm needed for a successful pregnancy .
Alcohol can reduce the production of normally formed sperm needed for a successful pregnancy.
Alcohol can ruin families and friendships.
Alcohol can severely damage the unborn puppies in a litter.
Alcohol can sometimes give the feeling of immortality.
Alcohol can trigger attacks, as well as smoking.
Alcohol can trigger the desire to smoke.
Alcohol can weaken bones, apparently by reducing the body's ability to replace normal bone losses.
Alcohol can zenith to diabeties, smoking can zenith to diabeties,cancer, bad breath.
Alcohol causes a desire to dances.
Alcohol causes a desire to sleep.
Alcohol causes addiction.
Alcohol causes amnesia.
Alcohol causes blood to lose heat quickly.
Alcohol causes blood to lose heat rapidly.
Alcohol causes blood vessels to dilate and aggravates bleeding problems.
Alcohol causes cancer of the breast, colon and rectum, and mouth and esophagus.
Alcohol causes cancer of the breast, colon, rectum, mouth, throat, and esophagus.
Alcohol causes damage to the prefrontal lobe thus resulting in judgement loss.
Alcohol causes dating violence.
Alcohol causes dehydration, which exacerbates soft tissue injury.
Alcohol causes different feelings in different people.
Alcohol causes hangovers.
Alcohol causes high blood pressure, weakened heart muscle, irregular heart beat stroke and cancer.
Alcohol causes inflammation.
Alcohol causes more damage to baby than any other drug.
Alcohol causes more deaths every year then tobacco.
Alcohol causes much more death and destruction than illegal drugs.
Alcohol causes road accidents and innocent lives lost.
Alcohol causes tunnel vision and makes it harder to focus.
Alcohol causes violence against children.
Alcohol changes lives The stories of individuals whose lives have been affected by alcohol.
Alcohol combined with aspirin can increase gastrointestinal bleeding.
Alcohol combined with other mood and mind changing drugs produces a synergistic effect.
Alcohol comes in different varieties.
Alcohol comes with no instructions.
Alcohol competes with the therapeutic product to monopolise the same metabolic enzymes.
Alcohol compounds the effects of wind, sun, and fatigue.
Alcohol conforms to the same ugly logic.
Alcohol consumed by the male can lead to a variety of problems in the reproductive system.
Alcohol consumed during an official business meal is allowable.
Alcohol contains a lot of calories and promotes overeating.
Alcohol contains a lot of calories with no nutritional value.
Alcohol contains almost as many calories as fat does.
Alcohol contains almost twice as many calories per gram as carbohydrates and protein.
Alcohol contains almost twice the calories as carbohydrates and proteins.
Alcohol contains calories.
Alcohol contains empty calories and provides no nutrients.
Alcohol contains empty calories.
Alcohol contains insignificant amounts of vitamins, minerals, and proteins.
Alcohol contains many empty calories.
Alcohol contains phytoestrogens that help prevent osteoporosis.
Alcohol continues to be a big problem.
Alcohol continues to be the drug of choice for ECU students.
Alcohol continues to be the largest problem on and off campus.
Alcohol continues to be the major drug of choice at all grade levels in Nevada.
Alcohol continues to be the most frequently abused substance among young adults.
Alcohol continues to have a devastating effect.
Alcohol continues to play a major role in domestic violence.
Alcohol contributes energy to the diet and influences the metabolism of other dietary constituents.
Alcohol contributes to academic failure and dropping out of school.
Alcohol contributes to dehydration.
Alcohol contributes to social discord, and physical and mental trauma.
Alcohol contributes to the onset of fatigue.
Alcohol contributes to vehicle crashes by young drivers.
Alcohol costs more than it earns in tax dollars.
Alcohol costs much more money than it generates for manufacturers, retailers or government.
Alcohol damages brains.
Alcohol damages livers.
Alcohol damages the brain and liver cells.
Alcohol damages the brain, liver, pancreas, duodenum and the central nervous system.
Alcohol damages the heart, brain, stomach, liver, pancreas, and the esophagus.
Alcohol damages the stomach, liver and kidneys, too.
Alcohol decreases absorption.
Alcohol decreases coordination, slows reaction time, dulls senses, and blocks memory.
Alcohol decreases effects.
Alcohol decreases judgment capabilities and impairs motor skills and judgment.
Alcohol decreases levels of calcium and vitamin D in the body.
Alcohol decreases the ability for out bodies to burn fat and promotes abdominal obesity.
Alcohol decreases the ability of the brain to make use of oxygen.
Alcohol decreases the body's ability to fight hypothermia and as a result they freeze to death.
Alcohol decreases zinc levels in the body.
Alcohol definitely is a problem in Texas.
Alcohol dehydrates everything at the cellular level, resulting in thirsty, ravaged skin and hair.
Alcohol dehydrates the body, as does caffeine.
Alcohol dehydrates the body.
Alcohol dehydrates the skin and stimulates sebaceous glands to produce more sebum.
Alcohol depletes supplies of B-complex vitamins, which are essential to basic body processes.
Alcohol depresses almost every brain function, from balance to breathing.
Alcohol depresses brain excitability and conduction and transmitter release in nerves.
Alcohol depresses brain functions ranging from balance to breathing.
Alcohol depresses heart function.
Alcohol depresses myocardial contractility in patients with cardiac disease.
Alcohol depresses our reflexes, including erection, lubrication and orgasm.
Alcohol depresses production of the antidiuretic hormone.
Alcohol depresses the body's metabolic system and the wet, cold weather that night added to that.
Alcohol depresses the central nervous system and contracts brain tissue.
Alcohol depresses the central nervous system.
Alcohol depresses the effect, so it is less common.
Alcohol depresses the heartbeat.
Alcohol depresses the nerve centers in the hypothalamus that control sexual arousal and performance.
Alcohol depresses the nervous system.
Alcohol depresses the system and caffeine causes cardiac problems.
Alcohol destroys brain cells immediately.
Alcohol destroys brain cells.
Alcohol destroys countless lives.
Alcohol destroys liver cells.
Alcohol destroys our homes, our lives, and our nation, and ultimately our souls.
Alcohol destroys the liver, heart, pancreas, arteries, throat, stomach, and brain.
Alcohol destroys virtually every vitamin known to man.
Alcohol dilutes the blood vessels and decreases the blood flow to the brain.
Alcohol diminishes both light sensitivity as well as brain function.
Alcohol diminishes judgement and decision-making ability.
Alcohol diminishes the body's ability to feel the cold and can cause an increased exposure time.
Alcohol diminishes the coordination and motor skills needed to maneuver a motorcycle safely.
Alcohol diminishes vocal control by causing constriction of the blood vessels in vocal tissue.
Alcohol disrupts the brain's normal patterns during sleep.
Alcohol disrupts the sleep cycle.
Alcohol dissolves easily in water.
Alcohol distorts a persons thinking and co-ordination, and ability to think rationally.
Alcohol disturbs the regeneration process and reduces the concentration capability the next day.
Alcohol does harm the baby.
Alcohol does have some benefits.
Alcohol does many and varied things to our bodies.
Alcohol does pass freely into breastmilk, though in small amounts and in short duration.
Alcohol does pass freely into mother's milk.
Alcohol does react.
Alcohol does that.
Alcohol does the trick.
Alcohol dries the skin.
Alcohol dries the throat.
Alcohol drives all water out of the drier desiccant.
Alcohol easily penetrates into nearly every organ of the body.
Alcohol effects everyone differently.
Alcohol effects everyone the same way.
Alcohol enhances sexuality.
Alcohol enters bloodstreams.
Alcohol enters the bloodstream that carries blood to the entire body.
Alcohol exists in our society.
Alcohol extracts huge social, financial and personal costs from the state.
Alcohol extracts medicine from plants but destroys the vitamins and minerals.
Alcohol finishes hot.
Alcohol first affects the brain's cortex, which controls more sophisticated thought processes.
Alcohol first affects the part of the brain that controls inhibitions.
Alcohol fits the bill perfectly.
Alcohol fixed rat brain is also suitable.
Alcohol floats on oil.
Alcohol floats on top of oil because a drop of alcohol is lighter than a drop of oil the same size.
Alcohol flows at a bachelor party and wedding reception.
Alcohol flows easily.
Alcohol flows freely and spirits rise.
Alcohol flows from early in the day and spirits are always high.
Alcohol flows on two tracks.
Alcohol freezes at a lower temperature than water freezes.
Alcohol fuels their pleasure and their violence.
Alcohol gives a deceptive sense of warmth.
Alcohol gives adolescence relief from stressful situations.
Alcohol gives an artificial feeling of warmth, but actually removes it.
Alcohol gives energy faster than any food.
Alcohol gives the same type of warm feeling.
Alcohol goes directly from the stomach into the blood stream.
Alcohol goes directly from the stomach into the bloodstream.
Alcohol goes directly into the bloodstream which is why it effects every system in the body.
Alcohol goes directly into the bloodstream which is why it has effects on every system in the body.
Alcohol goes directly into the bloodstream, which is why it affects every system in the body.
Alcohol goes directly into the bloodstream, which is why it has effects on every system in the body.
Alcohol goes directly to the bloodstream, which is why it effects every system in the body.
Alcohol goes from the stomach into the small intestine.
Alcohol goes from the stomach straight to the blood stream.
Alcohol goes in as beer, gets oxidized by the liver, and comes out as water.
Alcohol goes right into the stomach and then most of it goes down into the small intestine.
Alcohol goes through the milk to the baby.
Alcohol goes to the brain almost as soon as it is drunk.
Alcohol harms every organ and system in the body.
Alcohol has direct effects.
Alcohol has direct toxic effects.
Alcohol has effects.
Alcohol has health effects.
Alcohol has impact.
Alcohol has properties.
Alcohol has smell.
Alcohol has strong smell.
Alcohol has toxic effects.
Alcohol helps a bit.
Alcohol helps dissolve inhibitions.
Alcohol helps tense people fall asleep easier, but the sleep following is more fragmented.
Alcohol hinders judgment and decision-making abilities.
Alcohol imbues the drinker with newfound strength.
Alcohol impacts upon the health of the drinker in many ways.
Alcohol impairs a person's ability to appraise and react to situations.
Alcohol impairs a person's balance, vision and judgment.
Alcohol impairs a person's judgment and reasoning ability.
Alcohol impairs all the senses and is responsible for extremely poor decision making.
Alcohol impairs driving ability so never drink and drive .
Alcohol impairs many bodily functions.
Alcohol impairs the inhibitions, judgment and decision making of both men and women.
Alcohol impairs the physical agility and balance.
Alcohol impairs the small muscles that move the eyeballs to direct gaze.
Alcohol improves wakefulness and thought process.
Alcohol includes ethanol and methanol.
Alcohol includes methanol and ethanol.
Alcohol increase the risks.
Alcohol increases arousal.
Alcohol increases blood sugar levels.
Alcohol increases body heat loss and decreases the blood supply to the exercising muscle.
Alcohol increases degradation and excretion.
Alcohol increases diet-induced atherogenic lipoproteins and aortic atherosclerosis in rabbits.
Alcohol increases drowsiness.
Alcohol increases effects.
Alcohol increases glucocorticoid output and interferes with normal brain chemistry and sleep cycles.
Alcohol increases heat loss, and smoking decreases circulation to the extremities.
Alcohol increases levels.
Alcohol increases production and blood levels of triglyceride.
Alcohol increases risk of stomach irritation and ulcers.
Alcohol increases risk of stomach irritation or ulcers.
Alcohol increases risk-taking and causes daredevil behavior in some people.
Alcohol increases sexual opportunities.
Alcohol increases the chance of accidents when moving vehicles are present.
Alcohol increases the danger of cardiac arrest by causing irregular heartbeat.
Alcohol increases the danger of slipping on ice.
Alcohol increases the effect in the presence of gastric juice.
Alcohol increases the effects.
Alcohol increases the feelings of depression.
Alcohol increases the likelihood of death or severe injury in a car crash.
Alcohol increases the occurance of domestic violence.
Alcohol increases the production of uric acid, so avoid it.
Alcohol increases the risk of a vehicular crash.
Alcohol increases the risk of coronary heart disease, high blood pressure, and stroke.
Alcohol increases the risk of dehydration and stomach upset.
Alcohol increases the risk of heart rhythm problems and sudden death.
Alcohol increases the severity of traffic collisions.
Alcohol increases the surface blood flow by dilating the capillaries.
Alcohol increases the uric acid in the body, which leads to water retention.
Alcohol increases triglyceride levels for some individuals.
Alcohol increases uric acid levels and prevents the excretion of uric acid by the kidneys.
Alcohol increases urination, aggravating dehydration.
Alcohol increases urination, leading to an overall loss of fluids.
Alcohol induces fatigue, and affects coordination and balance.
Alcohol inflames and destroys the cells of the liver and causes inflammation of the heart muscle.
Alcohol inflames the heart muscle and can cause fat to collect on the heart.
Alcohol ingested by a pregnant woman easily passes across the placental barrier to the fetus.
Alcohol inhibits biotin absorption and utilization.
Alcohol inhibits calcium absorption.
Alcohol inhibits information flow, which can impair or stop heartbeat and breathing.
Alcohol inhibits motor control and attention.
Alcohol inhibits our ability to listen and perform.
Alcohol inhibits short-term memory.
Alcohol inhibits swallowing, interferes with with nutrition, and causes falls and accidents.
Alcohol inhibits the absorption of almost all amino acids.
Alcohol inhibits the actions of pepsin and trypsin, digestive enzymes.
Alcohol inhibits the release of vasopressin and thus causes a diuresis.
Alcohol inhibits the stimulation of the receptor by glutamate.
Alcohol intake in relation to diet and obesity in women and men.
Alcohol intake shortly before bedtime interrupts sleep and fragments sleep.
Alcohol intake the day prior to and day of pharmacokinetic evaluation.
Alcohol intensifies gastrointestinal symptoms.
Alcohol interferes and often destroys the functioning of a healthy liver.
Alcohol interferes with a number of important chemical processes that also occur in the liver.
Alcohol interferes with coordination.
Alcohol interferes with good judgment and is a major factor in adult drownings.
Alcohol interferes with liver functioning.
Alcohol interferes with metabolism.
Alcohol interferes with physiological and psychological development in teens.
Alcohol interferes with the absorption and utilization of biotin by the body.
Alcohol interferes with the absorption of folate and increases excretion of folate by the kidney.
Alcohol interferes with the central nervous system.
Alcohol interferes with the duties and functions of both red and white blood cells.
Alcohol interferes with the effects of calcium channel blockers and increases the side effects.
Alcohol interferes with the metabolism of fat and glucose.
Alcohol interferes with the normal production and maintenance of female and male hormones.
Alcohol is a beverage and is therefore drunk.
Alcohol is a dangerous drug if handled improperly.
Alcohol is a dangerous drug.
Alcohol is a dehydrant, and interferes with the body's temperature-control mechanisms.
Alcohol IS a depressant.
Alcohol is a dirty drug in that it acts on many brain systems, including dopamine.
Alcohol is a drink
Alcohol is a frequently misused substance that is thought to utilize the glutamate pathway.
Alcohol is a gateway drug leading people into illicit drug use.
Alcohol is a gateway drug.
Alcohol is a highly addictive drug.
Alcohol is a miserable beast at times.
Alcohol is a potent carcinogen.
Alcohol is a potentially addictive drug of significant physical and psychological consequence.
Alcohol is a powerfully depressant drug.
Alcohol is a psychoactive substance that has addictive possibilities.
Alcohol is a quick trip.
Alcohol is a relatively low cause of school bus crashes.
Alcohol is a socially accepted and legally regulated commodity in the United States.
Alcohol is a solvent for the toxin and can be used to remove it, but it can also spread the toxin.
Alcohol is a solvent.
Alcohol is a street drug
Alcohol is a symptom, as are the others.
Alcohol is a touchy subject.
Alcohol is a toxin to the bone marrow and can cause liver injury leading to hepatitis and cirrhosis.
Alcohol is a toxin to the liver and can make liver diseases like hepatitis much worse.
Alcohol is a toxin, or poison.
Alcohol is a toxin.
Alcohol is a.
Alcohol is able to dispel coldness, benefit the body and cause the mind to be delighted.
Alcohol is about the worst way to have a good night's sleep.
Alcohol is absolutely addictive.
Alcohol is absorbed and eliminated from the body over time.
Alcohol is absorbed and eliminated over time.
Alcohol is absorbed faster by the body if the stomach is empty.
Alcohol is absorbed from all parts of the gastrointestinal tract.
Alcohol is absorbed from the stomach into the bloodstream, and is then carried to the brain.
Alcohol is absorbed into the blood principally from the small intestine.
Alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream faster when it has a carbonated base.
Alcohol is absorbed into the blood stream faster with a carbonated base.
Alcohol is absorbed into the bloodstream more rapidly on an empty stomach.
Alcohol is absorbed into the bloodstream through the stomach and the small intestine.
Alcohol is absorbed into the body at a much faster rate than it is eliminated.
Alcohol is absorbed relatively quickly into the bloodstream through the stomach and small intestine.
Alcohol is absorbed through the lining of the stomach.
Alcohol is abundantly available and inexpensive.
Alcohol is acceptable in moderation.
Alcohol is addictive.
Alcohol is all the same.
Alcohol is almost always a factor.
Alcohol is also a big part of vacation for many people.
Alcohol is also a cause of many accidents.
Alcohol is also a cause of myopathy.
Alcohol is also a chemical solvent, a local anesthetic, and an irritant.
Alcohol is also a depressant.
Alcohol is also a diuretic and can contribute to dehydration of the laryngeal mucosa.
Alcohol is also a diuretic which increases urine output and causes dehydration.
Alcohol is also a diuretic.
Alcohol is also a factor in many rapes, murders, drownings, falls, fires, and suicides.
Alcohol is also a factor in up to half of all hospitalizations.
Alcohol is also a feature of many people's lives.
Alcohol is also a great social equalizer.
Alcohol is also a major cause of disorderly conduct and many crimes result.
Alcohol is also a medical hazard.
Alcohol is also a poison.
Alcohol is also a popular escape from reality.
Alcohol is also a recognized cause of liver cancer.
Alcohol is also a source of calories, as is coffee with milk, cream or sugar.
Alcohol is also a trigger for migraines.
Alcohol is also a very dangerous substance.
Alcohol is also a very major cause of interpersonal violence and family disruption.
Alcohol is also a well known contributing factor.
Alcohol is also able to pull the healing elements from the herbal plant parts.
Alcohol is also available downstairs.
Alcohol is also bad for the body.
Alcohol is also bad for the voice, as it dehydrates the body and therefore the vocal folds.
Alcohol is also far more available for young people than it used to be.
Alcohol is also high in calories.
Alcohol is also likely to set off an attack, particularly wine or beer.
Alcohol is also off limits.
Alcohol is also one of the main causes of acute pancreatitis.
Alcohol is also one of the most physically damaging drugs.
Alcohol is also poisonous.
Alcohol is also prominent.
Alcohol is also responsible for a large proportion of drug-related health problems and deaths.
Alcohol is also sometimes in herbal medicines and supplements.
Alcohol is also somewhat hard on the engine, but is safer.
Alcohol is also the most frequent contributor to the leading cause of death in teenagers.
Alcohol is also the most widely used and most devastating drug for children.
Alcohol is also toxic to liver cells.
Alcohol is always a concern.
Alcohol is always a poison.
Alcohol is always forbidden, but prisoners are invited to smoke 'em if they've got 'em.
Alcohol is always in the next room, working out.
Alcohol is always toxic.
Alcohol is among the most severely toxic agents processed by the liver.
Alcohol is an especially dangerous drug for pregnant women.
Alcohol is an excuse to overcome social inhibitions.
Alcohol is and always has been the date rape drug.
Alcohol is another matter.
Alcohol is another widely abused drug that changes neurotransmitter balance.
Alcohol is available and smoking is acceptable.
Alcohol is available and smoking is common.
Alcohol is available and smoking is generally acceptable.
Alcohol is available at hotels and in local bars in urban areas.
Alcohol is available in all hotels and many restaurants.
Alcohol is available in hotel and club restaurants and bars.
Alcohol is available in liquor stores and bars in many towns.
Alcohol is available in restaurants located in hotels and clubs.
Alcohol is available in the hotels, but don t expect it in all restaurants.
Alcohol is available to everyone.
Alcohol is available, but there are restrictions because of Muslim beliefs and traditions.
Alcohol is back.
Alcohol is bad.
Alcohol is beautiful.
Alcohol is beverages.
Alcohol is by far the commonest cause both of steatosis and cirrhosis in the Western world.
Alcohol is by far the most common drug of abuse across all age groups.
Alcohol is by far the most common substance involved in sexual assaults.
Alcohol is by far the most frequently abused drug throughout society and on campus.
Alcohol is by far the most used and abused drug in the world.
Alcohol is capable of burns.
Alcohol is capable of fools.
Alcohol is certainly no excuse for violence.
Alcohol is certainly the killer.
Alcohol is cheap, plentiful, and easy to get.
Alcohol is clearly the substance with which adolescents have the most experience.
Alcohol is colorless , and also transparent .
Alcohol is colorless, and also transparent.
Alcohol is comparatively expensive.
Alcohol is conspicuously absent, but the drug Ecstasy is everywhere.
Alcohol is currently the main substance being abused.
Alcohol is dangerous in other ways.
Alcohol is dangerous.
Alcohol is definitely one main component.
Alcohol is depressants.
Alcohol is directly toxic to the fetus and causes birth defects.
Alcohol is drinks.
Alcohol is drugs of abuse.
Alcohol is drunk.
Alcohol is easily attainable and inexpensive.
Alcohol is easily obtainable.
Alcohol is easy for kids to get around here.
Alcohol is easy to get.
Alcohol is effective as a disinfectant only as a prolonged soak.
Alcohol is especially bad because it impairs heart action, and also is a diuretic.
Alcohol is especially damaging to the liver.
Alcohol is ever present.
Alcohol is everywhere and alcohol is acceptable.
Alcohol is everywhere.
Alcohol is extremely dangerous on a river.
Alcohol is fairly expensive in Malaysia.
Alcohol is fairly inert in respect to the plastics used in many floppy drives.
Alcohol is far and away the major problem on the highway.
Alcohol is far more harmful to society than all illegal drugs combined.
Alcohol is far more responsible for health problems, violence, and deaths.
Alcohol is fine but keep it tame.
Alcohol is fine, though.
Alcohol is fine.
Alcohol is flammable and both propane and butane are extremely flammable.
Alcohol is flammable and can catch on fire.
Alcohol is flammable.
Alcohol is for DNA and the dweebs.
Alcohol is for fools.
Alcohol is freely available.
Alcohol is fuel.
Alcohol is fun.
Alcohol is generally an unallowable expense.
Alcohol is generally quite readily available in Canada today.
Alcohol is generally the vice of choice here.
Alcohol is good for altering an older person's mood.
Alcohol is good for removing rosin flux.
Alcohol is hard for the liver to flush out, so the alcohol enters the body faster than it leaves.
Alcohol is harder on cats than it is on dogs or people.
Alcohol is harmless.
Alcohol is helpful as a reducing solvent for flurorescents.
Alcohol is high in calories - it supplies seven calories per gram and no nutrients worth mentioning.
Alcohol is high in calories and can cause hypoglycemia all by itself.
Alcohol is high in calories and has no nutrients.
Alcohol is high in calories and low in food value.
Alcohol is high in calories and low in nutrients.
Alcohol is high in calories and sugar and has been shown to raise triglyceride levels.
Alcohol is high in calories and very low in nutrients.
Alcohol is high in calories with no food value.
Alcohol is high in calories, low in nutrients and contributes to poor food choices.
Alcohol is high in calories.
Alcohol is high on calories with no real food value.
Alcohol is highly yin.
Alcohol is hot and stays hot.
Alcohol is ideal for extracting fats, resins, waxes and most alkaloids.
Alcohol is in abundance.
Alcohol is in fact a much bigger problem.
Alcohol is in no way linked to our mission or purpose.
Alcohol is in rum, gin, vodka, brandy, rye, bourbon, beer, and scotch.
Alcohol is in tune with the horror, celebrates it, wallows in it.
Alcohol is inanimate objects.
Alcohol is inexpensive and widely available.
Alcohol is just one more thing.
Alcohol is just the best known.
Alcohol is less dense than water, so it floats on top.
Alcohol is less dense than water.
Alcohol is less likely to be a problem if it is taken with meals.
Alcohol is less often a factor in crashes involving older drivers.
Alcohol is like a kick in the face, pot is more like a gentle scalp massage.
Alcohol is like any other general anesthetic, in that it depresses the central nervous system.
Alcohol is liquids.
Alcohol is located in beers.
Alcohol is located in chemistry labs.
Alcohol is located in distilleries.
Alcohol is located in fraternity houses.
Alcohol is located in fridges.
Alcohol is located in planes.
Alcohol is located in pubs.
Alcohol is located in restaurants.
Alcohol is located in supermarkets.
Alcohol is located in wine.
Alcohol is locked away.
Alcohol is made by fermentation.
Alcohol is made by fermenting grapes, barley malt, sugar etc. from plants.
Alcohol is merely an antifreeze.
Alcohol is more closely related with crimes of violence than any other drug.
Alcohol is more harmful than all the other illegal drugs combined.
Alcohol is more implicated in leisure activities, such as swimming, than other types of sports.
Alcohol is more likely to be involved in crimes against people than property.
Alcohol is more physically damaging than marijuana, yet it is legal for adults to use.
Alcohol is more prevalent than any other drug.
Alcohol Is more satisfying than sex.
Alcohol is much cheaper and easier to obtain than other commonly used drugs like marijuana.
Alcohol is much less of a problem among truck drivers than among drivers of passenger vehicles.
Alcohol is much less of a problem among truck drivers than among passenger vehicle drivers.
Alcohol is much wider in terms of usage.
Alcohol is neither a poison nor a magic elixir capable of solving life's problems.
Alcohol is neither a sterilant nor a high level disinfectant.
Alcohol is neither a sterilizing agent nor a high-level disinfectant.
Alcohol is neither available nor encouraged.
Alcohol is never a cause of violence but it s frequently the lubricant.
Alcohol is never a way to deal with problems.
Alcohol is no exception.
Alcohol is no excuse.
Alcohol is no host.
Alcohol is now an acceptable drug within society and is the most abused drug today.
Alcohol is number one, cocaine is number three and marijuana is number four.
Alcohol is obtainable and smoking is acceptable.
Alcohol is often a factor and cases routinely involve husbands, boyfriends, fathers and friends.
Alcohol is often a factor in battering situations.
Alcohol is often a factor in Date Rape.
Alcohol is often a factor in homicides, suicides, domestic violence and child abuse.
Alcohol is often a factor.
Alcohol is often a major source of extra calories.
Alcohol is often hard to find in India.
Alcohol is OK, but only one drink a day, taken toward the end of dinner.
Alcohol is okay for some people, and disastrous for others.
Alcohol is one constant in the anecdotal record of youthful tragedy.
Alcohol is one such substance.
Alcohol is only available in larger hotels and expensive restaurants.
Alcohol is only drunk with meals.
Alcohol is only one of many mood-altering drugs, many of which are marketed as medicines.
Alcohol is organic matter.
Alcohol is our favourite drug.
Alcohol is out of children's reach.
Alcohol is part of Chinese folklore.
Alcohol is part of many carbohydrate molecules.
Alcohol is part of most social occasions.
Alcohol is part of the history and culture for much of the adult population.
Alcohol is particularly important.
Alcohol is particularly toxic to the liver, so it is best to avoid it.
Alcohol is physically addictive.
Alcohol is poison, which is why one vomits upon overconsumption of booze.
Alcohol is powerful drug that can rob children of their health, the hopes and their lives.
Alcohol is present in more than half of all domestic violence incidents.
Alcohol is present in of all domestic violence incidents.
Alcohol is present in the fetus for several hours after the mother's alcohol level has diminished.
Alcohol is primarily a central nervous system depressant.
Alcohol is probably one of the biggest debates in the paleo world.
Alcohol is probably one of the oldest effective drugs known to mankind.
Alcohol is probably the greatest single cause of secondary impotence.
Alcohol is probably the most widely abused drug in the United States.
Alcohol is quite expensive owing to high taxes.
Alcohol is readily available and includes Australian and Filipino beers.
Alcohol is readily available, and drugs are increasingly becoming more available.
Alcohol is really a natural product that is created by the process of fermentation.
Alcohol is really bad for kids.
Alcohol is relatively cheap and easily accessible.
Alcohol is relatively high in calories and low in nutrients.
Alcohol is responsible for a large proportion of drug related health problems and deaths.
Alcohol is responsible for about half of all fatal car accidents.
Alcohol is responsible for almost half of all teen motor vehicle deaths.
Alcohol is responsible for appox.
Alcohol is responsible for the majority of drug related problems, injuries and deaths.
Alcohol is second only to tobacco as the major cause of drug related mortality in Australia.
Alcohol is second only to tobacco in causing premature deaths.
Alcohol is served and served and served.
Alcohol is served as a compliment to the serving of food.
Alcohol is served at bars in most major hotels.
Alcohol is served at fashion industry parties and restaurants.
Alcohol is served in the game room.
Alcohol is served on the premises.
Alcohol is served only in international hotels and totally unavailable in the city.
Alcohol is served up to, and no longer than, four hours per event.
Alcohol is served with family meals.
Alcohol is served.
Alcohol is slightly more controversial.
Alcohol is slow poison to all living cells.
Alcohol is soluble in both phases, thus it partitions into both phases.
Alcohol is soluble in water and can be used as an anti-freeze agent.
Alcohol is soluble in water in all properties.
Alcohol is staple in some societies, among an increasing number of people.
Alcohol is still much more widely used by teenagers than illegal drugs.
Alcohol is still the drug of choice for young people.
Alcohol is still the main drug of choice of callers.
Alcohol is still the most widely used and abused drug in the country.
Alcohol is still the number one drug problem for youth.
Alcohol is still the number one drug problem in America.
Alcohol is still the number one drug program in the county and across the nation.
Alcohol is still the number one violation at the university.
Alcohol is strictly forbidden and there is no smoking on school grounds.
Alcohol is strongly addictive.
Alcohol is sugar, it smells stale, and it attracts fruit flies.
Alcohol is the active principle of beer, for example.
Alcohol is the answer to that for many bowlers.
Alcohol is the basis of all adult beverages such as beer, wine, and hard liquor.
Alcohol is the best agent for the fluid extract of the dried plant.
Alcohol is the best solution to mix with the pheromone.
Alcohol is the best solvent around for cleaning.
Alcohol is the biggest drug abuse problem among our adolescents.
Alcohol is the common factor.
Alcohol is the commonest drug involved in overdose deaths.
Alcohol is the counterfeit of the Holy Spirit.
Alcohol is the depressant of choice for millions who find it difficult to cope with life.
Alcohol is the door to all evils.
Alcohol is the drug most used by college students.
Alcohol is the drug of choice - for parents, for children.
Alcohol is the drug of choice among many college students.
Alcohol is the drug of choice among youth in the three counties.
Alcohol is the drug of choice for women and it carries potentially devastating consequences.
Alcohol is the drug of choice in terms of drug abuse.
Alcohol is the drug of choice of the majority of people who use or misuse drugs.
Alcohol is the drug used most often by high school seniors.
Alcohol is the drug which contributes most, by far, to road crashes.
Alcohol is the drug with the biggest relationship to crime problems, and always has been.
Alcohol is the grease that keeps the wheels of British society moving.
Alcohol is the main abuse problem in both countries.
Alcohol is the major active ingredient in wine,beer,and distilled liquor.
Alcohol is the major cause of fatal car crashes caused by human error.
Alcohol is the most abused drug in our society and is as potent as many illegal drugs.
Alcohol is the most abused drug in the United States.
Alcohol is the most abused drug in the world.
Alcohol is the most abused substance among teenagers.
Alcohol is the most available drug in the country.
Alcohol is the most available, widely consumed, and widely abused recreational drug .
Alcohol is the most common cause of boating accidents.
Alcohol is the most common cause.
Alcohol is the most common date rape drug.
Alcohol is the most common drug associated with sexual assault.
Alcohol is the most common drug used by older persons.
Alcohol is the most common drug used by teenagers.
Alcohol is the most common legal drug of abuse.
Alcohol is the most common substance.
Alcohol is the most common teratogen in the world.
Alcohol is the most common thing to use, because it's easy to get.
Alcohol is the most common.
Alcohol is the most commonly abused drug in the United States.
Alcohol is the most commonly abused drug.
Alcohol is the most commonly abused in our society.
Alcohol is the most commonly associated drug with suicide.
Alcohol is the most commonly used drug by teenagers.
Alcohol is the most commonly used drug on campus.
Alcohol is the most commonly used drug to reduce the discouragement.
Alcohol is the most commonly used intoxicating drug.
Alcohol is the most commonly used intoxicating substance in America.
Alcohol is the most commonly used of all depressants.
Alcohol is the most destructive drug of all.
Alcohol is the most familiar, and most widely abused depressant.
Alcohol is the most frequent contributor to motor vehicle accidents and suicides in adolescents.
Alcohol is the most frequently abused drug on campus and in society.
Alcohol is the most frequently abused drug, followed by marijuana, cocaine, and heroin.
Alcohol is the most frequently abused drug.
Alcohol is the most frequently used and abused drug among teen-agers.
Alcohol is the most frequently used drug in most cultures, including in the United States.
Alcohol is the most frequently used substance among adolescents.
Alcohol is the most frequently used substance by young people.
Alcohol is the most frequently used substance, and marijuana is the most frequently used other drug.
Alcohol is the most important known human chemical teratogen.
Alcohol is the most popular drug among youth and adults in our country.
Alcohol is the most popular drug in Austria.
Alcohol is the most readily available drug of the modern era.
Alcohol is the most socially accepted substance in our society and also one of the most abused.
Alcohol is the most unlikely and peculiar disease .
Alcohol is the most used and abused drug among young people in America.
Alcohol is the most used and abused drug in America.
Alcohol is the most used and abused drug in the United States.
Alcohol is the most used and abused drug in the world and it always has been.
Alcohol is the most widely abused drug on American colleges and university campuses.
Alcohol is the most widely used and abused drug by today's youth.
Alcohol is the most widely used and abused drug in the United States.
Alcohol is the most widely used and destructive drug in America.
Alcohol is the most widely used drug among teenagers.
Alcohol is the most widely used drug and the one most often linked to motor vehicle accidents.
Alcohol is the most widely used in recreational drug uses in Australia.
Alcohol is the most widely used psychoactive, or mood-changing, recreational drug.
Alcohol is the most widely used recreational drug in Australia.
Alcohol is the most widely used substance.
Alcohol is the most-used drug in the country.
Alcohol is the nation's third-leading cause of preventable death.
Alcohol is the next big problem.
Alcohol is the number one cause of preventable birth defects.
Alcohol is the number one controllable link to failure.
Alcohol is the number one drug abuse problem for American youth.
Alcohol is the number one drug among today's youth.
Alcohol is the number one drug of choice for teenagers.
Alcohol is the number one drug problem among young people.
Alcohol is the number one drug problem in America.
Alcohol is the number one drug used among young people.
Alcohol is the number one drug used by teenagers and young adults.
Alcohol is the number one health risk to college students.
Alcohol is the number one killer on American roadways.
Alcohol is the number one skewer of reality.
Alcohol is the number one widely used mind altering substance.
Alcohol is the one common factor in the four leading causes of death in teens.
Alcohol is the one exception when it comes to encouraging news from the war on drugs.
Alcohol is the only significant exception.
Alcohol is the only thing that complete prevents it.
Alcohol is the other drug used most frequently, followed by cocaine.
Alcohol is the primary problem.
Alcohol is the psychoactive ingredient in wine, beer, and distilled liquor.
Alcohol is the remedy, to wash the pain away.
Alcohol is the root cause of several problems facing society.
Alcohol is the second ingredient.
Alcohol is the second major cause of drug-related deaths.
Alcohol is the secret ingredient, and what commercial window washers use.
Alcohol is the single greatest contributing factor to fatal motor vehicle crashes nationwide.
Alcohol is the single greatest contribution factor to fatal motor vehicle crashes nationwide.
Alcohol is the single greatest factor in fatal motor vehicle accidents.
Alcohol is the single largest factor involved in motor vehicle deaths.
Alcohol is the sole dictator of how students spend their weekends.
Alcohol is the students' biggest problem.
Alcohol is the substance most often abused according to the defendants.
Alcohol is the substance most widely used by Texas students.
Alcohol is the symptom.
Alcohol is the teen-age drug of choice.
Alcohol is the third leading cause of death in the United States.
Alcohol is the work of the devil.
Alcohol is the world's deadliest killer.
Alcohol is the worst drug of all.
Alcohol is their regular release, and religion still has a fairly strong hold.
Alcohol is to be avoided too.
Alcohol is to be registered at the designated bar in exchange for coupons upon entering the party.
Alcohol is treated by the liver as a toxic substance.
Alcohol is unavoidable in holiday gatherings.
Alcohol is undeniably a major issue among college students.
Alcohol is undoubtedly one.
Alcohol is undoubtedly prevalent in today s Japanese society.
Alcohol is unique because it requires no digestion.
Alcohol is used for intoxications.
Alcohol is usually very easy to spot just by the smell.
Alcohol is very dangerous for children.
Alcohol is very dangerous to a developing fetus.
Alcohol is very dehydrating.
Alcohol is very high in calories.
Alcohol is very respectable.
Alcohol is very toxic to fibroblasts, angiogenesis, and epithelial cells.
Alcohol is very toxic.
Alcohol is very well hidden with minimal warming present after the finish.
Alcohol is water soluble and therefore is absorbed primarily by water in the body.
Alcohol is well-known to cause sleep disturbances, so that overall sleep quality is affected.
Alcohol is where they die.
Alcohol is widely advertised and available.
Alcohol is without a doubt an important factor in traffic fatalities.
Alcohol is woven into the traditions and daily life that is Montana.
Alcohol isa beverage.
Alcohol isa drug.
Alcohol kills far more than marijuana.
Alcohol kills germs and evaporates quickly.
Alcohol kills germs on contact, but once the alcohol evaporates, the germ-killing action stops.
Alcohol kills in other ways, too.
Alcohol kills many more teenagers than all illicit drugs combined.
Alcohol kills more teenagers each year than all other illicit drugs combined.
Alcohol kills more teenagers than all other drugs combined.
Alcohol kills more teens than all other drugs combined.
Alcohol kills more teens than guns.
Alcohol kills more than any other drug.
Alcohol kills more young people than any other drug.
Alcohol kills people everyday.
Alcohol leads to drowsiness, frequent awakenings, loss of REM sleep, and increased sleep apnea.
Alcohol leads to mental impairment and peripheral vasodilatation increases core heat loss.
Alcohol leads to mood changes and greater hostility.
Alcohol limit one six pack per legal adult.
Alcohol loosens inhibitions and can make people do things that they later regret.
Alcohol loves water.
Alcohol lowers blood glucose levels.
Alcohol lowers blood sugar levels, especially on an empty stomach.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions and can often heighten the desire for sexual activity.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions and clouds judgement.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions and impairs judgment which can lead to risky behaviors.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions and impairs judgment, which can lead to a dangerous situation.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions, allowing people to be their wild, crazy self.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions, decreases coordination, and effects judgement.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions, slows reaction time, and hampers good judgment.
Alcohol lowers the body s tolerance to cold, so avoid drinking alcohol before going out in the cold.
Alcohol lowers the production of testosterone, a hormone produced by the testicles.
Alcohol lubricates the action.
Alcohol means meeting new friends and laughing with old, dancing, playing darts and shuffleboard.
Alcohol mixes with water and coagulates it all together and displaces it to the bottom of the tank.
Alcohol moves directly through stomach lining into bloodstream and directly into brain.
Alcohol never justifies violent, criminal behavior.
Alcohol only combines with the water and settles it to the bottom of the tank where it remains.
Alcohol only lowers the human body s resistance to cold.
Alcohol only seems to enhance coordination.
Alcohol opens the blood vessels in the skin, making a person lose heat faster.
Alcohol paralyses the senses.
Alcohol passes directly through the placenta to a fetus soon after being consumed by the mother.
Alcohol passes immediately in highly vascularized organs.
Alcohol passes into breast milk.
Alcohol passes through the placenta to the baby and stays longer in the baby than in the mother.
Alcohol plays a big role.
Alcohol plays a huge role in how adolescents cope with their stressful lives.
Alcohol plays a large part of the Greek socialization process.
Alcohol plays a major role in violence in Australia.
Alcohol plays a major role too.
Alcohol plays a role, but hot wings finally triumph.
Alcohol plays a significant role in crime on college campuses.
Alcohol plays a significant role in head injury accidents.
Alcohol plays a significant role in serious boating accidents and fatalities.
Alcohol plays a significant role in trauma.
Alcohol plays a very important role in the social lives of the young people in the sample.
Alcohol plays an important and integral part in almost every society in the world.
Alcohol pollutes the environment, it's like chlorine bleach.
Alcohol potentiates orthostatic hypotension.
Alcohol preserves everything except secrets.
Alcohol prevents bacteria from growing in the product, especially in product that has been opened.
Alcohol prevents the body from absorbing the necessary water to keep itself functioning.
Alcohol produced by distillation contains water molecules that are very hard to remove.
Alcohol produces both physical and psychological addiction.
Alcohol produces certain special kinds of problems for the adolescent.
Alcohol produces chemical reaction.
Alcohol produces dependence causes concern and chronic liver diseases etc.
Alcohol produces effects.
Alcohol produces mood fluctuations in the alcoholic parent.
Alcohol produces psychic dependence of varying degrees from mild to strong.
Alcohol produces reaction.
Alcohol promotes relaxation or tension reduction.
Alcohol provides a useful guidepost.
Alcohol provides almost as much energy as fat.
Alcohol provides calories but little else.
Alcohol provides many individuals with the same high, or sedation, that marijuana does.
Alcohol raises another red flag for acetaminophen.
Alcohol raises blood pressure.
Alcohol raises even normal blood pressure levels and reduces the heart's pumping ability.
Alcohol reacts differently under pressure.
Alcohol reduces blood flow to the brain.
Alcohol reduces bone formation by interfering with osteoblast cell activity.
Alcohol reduces both the speed and extent to which the pupil dilates.
Alcohol reduces co-ordination, balance, endurance, and consideration on the dance floor.
Alcohol reduces heat tolerance, and is a common factor in heatstroke.
Alcohol reduces inhibitions-even a cautious person is likely to take more risks.
Alcohol reduces production.
Alcohol reduces the bodies ability to insulate itself against cold water.
Alcohol reduces the brain's ability to integrate information from the five senses.
Alcohol reduces the risk of heart attacks.
Alcohol reduces the theurapeutic effectiveness of antibiotics.
Alcohol reduces water surface tension and protect sections from damage.
Alcohol related problems can be reason for denial of medical certification for pilots.
Alcohol relaxes both the upper and lower sphincters.
Alcohol relaxes defensive reflexes and merges normally repressed impulses with the conscious mind.
Alcohol relaxes the imbiber, but also causes too great a relaxation of the airway during sleep.
Alcohol relaxes the muscles and makes snoring and sleep apnea worse.
Alcohol relaxes the muscles in the throat.
Alcohol relaxes the muscles of the throat, making it more difficult to breathe during sleep.
Alcohol remains in the bloodstream until it is broken down by the liver.
Alcohol removes stains from candles.
Alcohol rules the day.
Alcohol slows body functions, coordination, and the ability to think and react.
Alcohol slows digestion and inhibits the absorption of vitamins.
Alcohol slows down brain activity.
Alcohol slows down reflexes.
Alcohol slows down the messages sent between the brain and the rest of the body.
Alcohol slows fat burning - the body uses fat for energy.
Alcohol slows reaction time .
Alcohol slows reaction time, blurs and distorts vision and impairs distance judgement.
Alcohol slows reaction time.
Alcohol slows reaction times and clouds judgment.
Alcohol slows reactions, weakens judgement, balance and self-control.
Alcohol slows the chemical reactions in our brains.
Alcohol slows the messages to and from the brain.
Alcohol so loosens inhibitions that pairs grope one another in full view.
Alcohol solves nothing.
Alcohol speeds up the timing of the mouth cancers, as does the use of snuff.
Alcohol still impairs judgement and reaction time.
Alcohol still is by far the most abused teratogen.
Alcohol stimulates mucus production and dilates vessels, worsening runny nose and nasal congestion.
Alcohol stimulates pancreatic secretion.
Alcohol stimulates the appetite and can also reduce a person's willpower.
Alcohol stimulates the digestive track by getting digestive juices flowing.
Alcohol stimulates the heme biosynthetic pathway in the liver and can itself exacerbate porphyria.
Alcohol stimulates the kidney to produce more urine.
Alcohol stimulates the release of gastric acid in the stomach and is irritating to the stomach.
Alcohol stimulates the stomach to secrete more stomach acid.
Alcohol stimulates the storage of fat and is also high in calories.
Alcohol supposedly stimulates the body's natural opiates.
Alcohol suppresses host immune function.
Alcohol suppresses REM sleep and sets up rebound effect.
Alcohol takes a toll on the whole family.
Alcohol takes effect very quickly but takes much longer to wear off.
Alcohol takes up the active properties of the seed, water only partially.
Alcohol tears families apart.
Alcohol tells the brain to go to sleep.
Alcohol tends to counteract calciums powers to lower blood pressure.
Alcohol tends to dehydrate the body.
Alcohol tends to make headaches worse.
Alcohol tends to make pain worse, while eating usually has no impact on pain.
Alcohol tends to produce large-amplitude tremors that persist for at least four seconds.
Alcohol tends to swell fibers less, resulting in less mechanical damage.
Alcohol thus reveals to the conscience the mouth itself.
Alcohol travels rapidly through the bloodstream and can damage a developing fetus.
Alcohol travels to every cell in the body, every tissue, and every organ.
Alcohol triggers gout attacks in people predisposed to gout.
Alcohol triggers the release of stress hormones like corticosterone and progesterone.
Alcohol Use Almost one-third of Vermont students binge drink.
Alcohol use disorders in older adults.
Alcohol use Excessive consumption of alcohol is a major risk factor for many illnesses.
Alcohol use prior to pregnancy recognition.
Alcohol used by pregnant women is the leading known cause of mental retardation in newborns.
Alcohol washes out the isoflavones.
Alcohol works a little differently.
Alcohol works by removing oxygen from the bloodstream.
Alcohol works first on the part of the brain that controls inhibitions.
Alcohol works in much the same way.
Alcohol works in strange ways on different people.
Alcohol works like an anesthesia, and in effect puts the brain to sleep.
Alcohol works OK and it's safe.
Alcohol works on cells in the brain.
Alcohol works on mirrors but dries too quickly.
Alcohol works on parts of the brain which affect self-control.
Alcohol works on some of the same biochemical pathways involved in the stress response.
Alcohol works well.
Alcohols affect the central nervous system.
Alcohols are generally hygroscopic , meaning that they often contain a fair amount of water.
Alcohols are generally incompatible with acids and other oxidizing agents .
Alcohols are incompatible with certain reaction conditions.
Alcohols are just like other substituents.
Alcohols are non-corrosive, flammable and have a high evaporation rate.
Alcohols are very weak acids, intermediate in strength between acetylene and water.
Alcohols are very weakly acidic .
Alcohols are very weakly acidic.
Alcohols burn in a plentiful supply of air to give carbon dioxide and steam.
Alcohols burn more completely, thus increasing combustion efficiency.
Alcohols can also form esters by reaction with inorganic acids such as phosphoric acid.
Alcohols can be liquids, semisolids or solids at room temperature.
Alcohols can be liquids, semisolids, or solids at room temperature.
Alcohols can therefore form hydrogen bonds.
Alcohols destroy bacteria via the coagulation of protein.
Alcohols evaporate more slowly than acetone, and therefore the paper takes longer to dry.
Alcohols have a characteristic hydroxyl group, OH, covalently bonded to the rest of the molecule.
Alcohols have a problem if there is protein material present.
Alcohols have excellent bactericidal activity and act against many fungi and viruses.
Alcohols provide examples.
Alcohols provide limited activity in the presence of organic matter.
Alcohols remove lipids and disrupt cell membrane.
Alcohols undergo dehydration, that is, the removal of water.
Alcohol always comes first, even when it is at the spouse's expense.
Alcohol always does more harm than good.
Alcohol always heightens the effect of drugs.
Alcohol always leads to other irresponsible and illegal activities, and things get out of control.
Alcohol always makes depression worse.
Alcohol frequently contributes to the social conditions which lead to acquaintance rape.
Alcohol frequently contributes to the social conditions which lead to acquaintance rapes.
Alcohol frequently is a contributing factor in road accidents, particularly at night.
Alcohol often increases sexual desire while decreasing the ability to function.
Alcohol often leads to sex.
Alcohol often plays a significant role in sexual assaults.
Alcohol usually behaves more unpredictably in women than in men.
All alcohol is based on consumption or by the hour.
All alcohol is poison to some extent.
All alcohol is served until half an hour before the restaurant closes.
All alcohol is to be dispensed by a licensed liquor dispenser only.
All alcohols are poisonous, but ethyl alcohol is less poisonous than others.
All alcohols are toxic, but ethanol is less toxic because the human body can break it down quickly.
Any alcohol consumed during pregnancy poses serious consequences for an unborn child.
Any alcohol given to pets is dangerous and too much can be fatal.
Any alcohol is really good for food.
Many alcohols are flammable .
More alcohol addas than the dried up wells .
More alcohol is consumed in mining and industrial areas than in other parts of England.
More alcohol is fine, and often results in a much richer flavor.
More alcohol means a stronger aroma, a heavier body, and a creamier texture.
Most alcohol affects ability.
Most alcohol affects livers.
Most alcohol affects men.
Most alcohol affects performance.
Most alcohol causes addiction.
Most alcohol causes inflammation.
Most alcohol contains calories.
Most alcohol contains empty calories.
Most alcohol decreases effects.
Most alcohol enters bloodstreams.
Most alcohol has direct effects.
Most alcohol has direct toxic effects.
Most alcohol has effects.
Most alcohol has health effects.
Most alcohol has impact.
Most alcohol has properties.
Most alcohol has strong smell.
Most alcohol has toxic effects.
Most alcohol increases blood sugar levels.
Most alcohol increases drowsiness.
Most alcohol interferes with metabolism.
Most alcohol is metabolized in the liver by alcohol dehydrogenase.
Most alcohol produces chemical reaction.
Most alcohol produces effects.
Most alcohol produces reaction.
Most alcohol reduces production.
Some alcohol affects acid metabolism.
Some alcohol affects brains.
Some alcohol affects functions.
Some alcohol affects metabolism.
Some alcohol affects women.
Some alcohol also binds to the membrane surface.
Some alcohol burn.
Some alcohol causes death.
Some alcohol causes headaches.
Some alcohol contains atoms.
Some alcohol contains carbon atoms.
Some alcohol decreases excretion.
Some alcohol enhances effects.
Some alcohol enters mouths.
Some alcohol has high solubility.
Some alcohol has solubility.
Some alcohol has tissue.
Some alcohol increases concentration.
Some alcohol inhibits growth.
Some alcohol inhibits prostate cancer cell growth.
Some alcohol inhibits secretion.
Some alcohol interferes with absorption.
Some alcohol interferes with glycogen synthesis.
Some alcohol interferes with nutrient absorption.
Some alcohol interferes with synthesis.
Some alcohol is consumed by infants.
Some alcohol is consumed by women.
Some alcohol is produced in the fermentation process.
Some alcohol leads to death.
Some alcohol likes people, some people like alcohol more than their stomach likes alcohol.
Some alcohol passes through tissue.
Some alcohol plays major roles.
Some alcohol plays roles.
Some alcohols also combust in the presence of oxygen and produce carbon dioxide and water.
Alcoholic beverage can rapidly lower the blood sugar, causing insulin reactions.
Alcoholic beverage is used in sacred ritual in many religions.
Alcoholic beverage uses.
Alcoholic beverages act as the substance in which other date-rape drugs are dissolved.
Alcoholic beverages add calories.
Alcoholic beverages are a common part of meals and social gatherings.
Alcoholic beverages are a stimulant.
Alcoholic beverages are additional.
Alcoholic beverages are against the facility's rules.
Alcoholic beverages are also low in nutrient content.
Alcoholic beverages are at an added cost.
Alcoholic beverages are at band members' own expense.
Alcoholic beverages are available at a nominal charge.
Alcoholic beverages are available at an additional cost.
Alcoholic beverages are available for an additional charge.
Alcoholic beverages are available for an extra cost.
Alcoholic beverages are available for purchase.
Alcoholic beverages are available within town limits.
Alcoholic beverages are available, however, to tourists on resort islands.
Alcoholic beverages are available.
Alcoholic beverages are basically solutions of ethanol in water.
Alcoholic beverages are believed to encourage the growth of yeast.
Alcoholic beverages are beverages.
Alcoholic beverages are capable of drunks.
Alcoholic beverages are drunk only at dinnertime.
Alcoholic beverages are empty calories and can contribute to weight problems.
Alcoholic beverages are extra, as are excursions, which are booked on the ship.
Alcoholic beverages are extra.
Alcoholic beverages are for sale at liquor stores and supermarkets.
Alcoholic beverages are full of empty calories.
Alcoholic beverages are high in calories but low in nutrients.
Alcoholic beverages are high in calories, low in nutrients.
Alcoholic beverages are high in calories.
Alcoholic beverages are legal today and big business for manufacturers, retailers and government.
Alcoholic beverages are legally available for retail sale to tourists on resort islands.
Alcoholic beverages are limited to four drinks per guest per purchase.
Alcoholic beverages are located in bars.
Alcoholic beverages are located in fraternity houses.
Alcoholic beverages are made through distillation.
Alcoholic beverages are mixture.
Alcoholic beverages are on sale in the cafeteria.
Alcoholic beverages are only available in hotels and international restaurants.
Alcoholic beverages are plentiful during the holidays.
Alcoholic beverages are readily available at most markets, restaurants and nightclubs.
Alcoholic beverages are subject to a flat rate based on volume.
Alcoholic beverages are subject to state liquor taxes and administrative fees.
Alcoholic beverages are subject to the restaurant tax.
Alcoholic beverages are subject to the tax .
Alcoholic beverages are super-saturated with sugars and calories.
Alcoholic beverages are the responsibility of the guest.
Alcoholic beverages are to be avoided in conjunction with prescription medication.
Alcoholic beverages are to be consumed at the conference social activities at which they are served.
Alcoholic beverages are toxic to our pets.
Alcoholic beverages are unallowable for indirect cost allocation purposes.
Alcoholic beverages are under different regulations around the world .
Alcoholic beverages are under different regulations around the world.
Alcoholic beverages can add lots of calories.
Alcoholic beverages can aggravate skin inflammation.
Alcoholic beverages can also be high in calories and low in nutrients.
Alcoholic beverages can cause dehydration.
Alcoholic beverages can increase the drowsiness effect.
Alcoholic beverages can trigger hypoglycemia, particularly when taken on an empty stomach.
Alcoholic beverages contain a mixture of the alcohol and carbohydrates.
Alcoholic beverages contain calories but few if any nutrients.
Alcoholic beverages contain calories, too, and have very little nutritional value.
Alcoholic beverages contain ethanol, a mood-altering drug.
Alcoholic beverages contain no essential nutrients but do supply calories.
Alcoholic beverages deserve special mention.
Alcoholic beverages do.
Alcoholic beverages have a similar effect.
Alcoholic beverages have many calories and little food value.
Alcoholic beverages have no nutritional value, except that they are a source of empty calories.
Alcoholic beverages impose a new risk on the diabetic, who already has a lot to juggle.
Alcoholic beverages includes wine, beer, or distilled spirits.
Alcoholic beverages is another are where India witnessed substantial foreign investment.
Alcoholic beverages offer calories but essentially no nutrients.
Alcoholic beverages pose a risk to bar-goers.
Alcoholic beverages predate recorded history and are certainly as old as civilization.
Alcoholic beverages provide a high, as, more mildly, do nicotine and caffeine.
Alcoholic beverages represent a major health risk to American youth.
Alcoholic beverages supply a lot of calories but few other nutrients.
An alcoholic beverage is a drink
An alcoholic beverage is a street drug
All alcoholic beverages are the same strength.
All alcoholic beverages contain about the same amount of alcohol.
All alcoholic beverages contain about the same amount of ethyl alcohol per serving.
All alcoholic beverages have properties that can lead, over time, to abuse.
All alcoholic beverages involve the action of fungi.
Every alcoholic beverage consumed in flight equals three on the ground.
Many alcoholic beverages are gluten free.
Most alcoholic beverages add calories.
Some alcoholic beverages affect blood sugar.
Some alcoholic beverages affect sugar.
Some alcoholic beverages are made of seeds.
Some alcoholic beverages are produced by snakes.
Some alcoholic beverages contain sugar in addition to the alcohol.
Alcoholic cardiomyopathy can ensue from heavy consumption of alcohol over a long period of time.
Alcoholic cardiomyopathy is a common diagnosis in long-term alcoholics.
Alcoholic cardiomyopathy is a consequence of excessive alcohol use .
Most alcoholic cider is taxed at the beer rate.
Alcoholic cirrhosis can cause death if drinking continues.
Alcoholic cirrhosis can occur in patients who have never had evidence of alcoholic hepatitis.
Alcoholic cirrhosis is a good indication for liver transplantation, even for cases of recidivism.
Alcoholic cirrhosis is an end-stage disease.
Alcoholic cirrhosis is associated with an increased occurrence of chronic peptic ulcer.
Alcoholic cirrhosis is the destruction of normal liver tissue, leaving non-functioning scar tissue.
Alcoholic cops are assign tasks.
Most alcoholic cops are assign tasks.
Alcoholic dependence is a universal disease.
Alcoholic doctors can recover.
Alcoholic drink is utterly obnoxious.
Alcoholic drinks add extra calories, while water is refreshingly calorie-free.
Alcoholic drinks are a source for added calories with little nutritional value.
Alcoholic drinks are also available for sale.
Alcoholic drinks are also high in calories and low in vitamins and minerals.
Alcoholic drinks are also readily available.
Alcoholic drinks are available throughout the day.
Alcoholic drinks are beer, wine, wine coolers, liquor, or mixed drinks.
Alcoholic drinks are consumed by both men and women.
Alcoholic drinks are diuretics, meaning that they encourage the loss of fluid.
Alcoholic drinks are drinks.
Alcoholic drinks are expensive.
Alcoholic drinks are extra but soft drinks are free, by and large.
Alcoholic drinks are extra.
Alcoholic drinks are high in calories and low in other nutrients.
Alcoholic drinks are high in calories and offer no nutrition.
Alcoholic drinks are high in calories.
Alcoholic drinks are located in pubs.
Alcoholic drinks are made from fermented palm juice and a distilled rice-based solution.
Alcoholic drinks are readily available.
Alcoholic drinks are usually high in calories.
Alcoholic drinks can be dangerous .
Alcoholic drinks can be dangerous.
Alcoholic drinks can increase a person's risk to heat related illnesses.
Alcoholic drinks consist mainly of water and ethanol or ethyl alcohol to varying strengths.
Alcoholic drinks contain powerful antioxidants called polyphenols.
Alcoholic drinks have a dehydrating effect, as well.
Alcoholic drinks have many calories and little else.
Alcoholic drinks have many calories, and too much alcohol can increase blood pressure.
Alcoholic drinks have no food value, but they are high in calories.
Alcoholic drinks made from rice is the most common form, as well as the widely available.
An alcoholic drink is a drink
An alcoholic drink is a street drug
Any alcoholic drinks kill brain cells from the first drink.
Many alcoholic drinks contain sugar, particularly mixed drinks.
Most alcoholic drinks are available in vending machines at any place, any time, for any person.
Most alcoholic drinks are high in calories with little nutrition, so cut back.
Alcoholic fathers are frequently autocratic and unreasonable in their demands.
Alcoholic fermentation begins after glucose diffuses into the yeast cell.
Alcoholic fermentation explains why bread dough rises.
Alcoholic fermentation is a process that was known to antiquity.
Alcoholic fermentation is common in bacteria and yeast cells.
Alcoholic fermentation is the basis for the production of alcoholic beverages such as beer and wine.
Alcoholic fermentation occurs in yeast cells.
Alcoholic fermentation produces more energy for the cell than respiration.
Alcoholic fermentation takes place in closed vats of wood, stainless steel or cement.
Some alcoholic fermentation produces ethanols.
Alcoholic hallucinosis follows abrupt abstinence from prolonged excessive use of alcohol.
Alcoholic hepatitis can cause death if drinking continues.
Alcoholic hepatitis causes fevers.
Alcoholic hepatitis develops in a very high proportion of chronic alcoholics.
Alcoholic hepatitis is inflammation of the liver from alcohol, which can be severe.
Alcoholic hepatitis is the middle step between fatty liver and alcoholic cirrhosis .
Alcoholic hepatitis is the most common type of drug induced hepatitis.
Alcoholic hepatitis is usually reversible with abstinence from alcohol.
Alcoholic hepatitis precedes alcoholic cirrhosis in some cases.
Alcoholic hepatitis responds well to alcohol withdrawal.
Most alcoholic hepatitis causes fevers.
Alcoholic parents are weird.
Alcoholic parents create environments for children to experience deep shame.
Alcoholic patients use benzodiazepines more commonly than the general population.
Most alcoholic people are middle-aged or older.
Alcoholic refreshment is limited to beer, ale and wine.
Alcoholic women are at risk for developing liver disease from lesser amounts of alcohol than men.
Alcoholic women are more likely to experience higher levels of spouse abuse.
Alcoholics also are more likely to die prematurely.
Alcoholics also tend to have certain personality traits.
Alcoholics are a part of a problem system.
Alcoholics are a whole different story.
Alcoholics are also more susceptible to neoplasms and less resistant to viral infections.
Alcoholics are bad about eating fruits and vegetables so a good supplement helps.
Alcoholics are bad bad bad people.
Alcoholics are certainly alcohol-dependent.
Alcoholics are classically hypomagnesemic in part due to poor nutrition.
Alcoholics are drunkards.
Alcoholics are even more fun.
Alcoholics are good at lying to others and even better at lying to themselves.
Alcoholics are happy to drink.
Alcoholics are hypoglycemic.
Alcoholics are individuals with disabilities, subject to the protections of the statute.
Alcoholics are located in bars.
Alcoholics are located in bridges.
Alcoholics are located in fraternity houses.
Alcoholics are located in homeless shelter.
Alcoholics are located in liquor stores.
Alcoholics are located in parks.
Alcoholics are located in prisons.
Alcoholics are masters at denial.
Alcoholics are morally weak.
Alcoholics are more likely to smoke mentholated cigarettes.
Alcoholics are more motivated to stop drinking when a.
Alcoholics are most likely to lack the minerals selenium, zinc, magnesium, iron and phosphorous.
Alcoholics are much more likely to be violent and abuse others in their family.
Alcoholics are nearly five times more likely than others to die in motor vehicle crashes.
Alcoholics are nutritionally at risk for two main reasons.
Alcoholics are one hundred times more likely to commit suicide.
Alcoholics are particularly at risk for thiamine deficiency for two reasons.
Alcoholics are particularly at risk of misuse of other psychoactive drugs.
Alcoholics are people.
Alcoholics are persons with sizable life problems.
Alcoholics are powerless over their disease, and most commonly have addictive personalities.
Alcoholics are prone to thrombocytopenia, prolonged bleeding times, and blunt head trauma.
Alcoholics are seven times more likely to be involved in fatal accidents than non-alcoholics.
Alcoholics are susceptible to dependence to all mood-altering chemicals.
Alcoholics are there to support each other during good and bad times.
Alcoholics are three times as likely to be male as female.
Alcoholics are twice as likely to confess a drinking problem to a computer than to a doctor.
Alcoholics are used for alcohol.
Alcoholics become hypomagnesemic partially by an osmotic diuresis from alcohol.
Alcoholics become physically and emotionally dependent on the drug.
Alcoholics can be deficient in magnesium .
Alcoholics can be especially deficient.
Alcoholics can free themselves into conversion, metanoia , through the telling of tales.
Alcoholics come from all backgrounds.
Alcoholics come in to buy it.
Alcoholics commonly consume methanol as a substitute for ethanol.
Alcoholics commonly engage in their most painful habits while under the influence.
Alcoholics create excuses for drinking.
Alcoholics deny their true condition.
Alcoholics desire liquor.
Alcoholics do it to themselves.
Alcoholics drink every day Some alcoholics drink only on weekends, some abstain for months.
Alcoholics drink every day.
Alcoholics drink more and more alcohol, often without knowing it.
Alcoholics drink to numb the pain of living.
Alcoholics eat less because alcohol tends to suppress the appetite.
Alcoholics eventually make themselves known to some government service.
Alcoholics fill our offices, shopping centers, subdivisions and country clubs.
Alcoholics fill their lives with excuses and promises.
Alcoholics find it so difficult to give up drinking because they have no willpower.
Alcoholics find themselves unable to imbibe.
Alcoholics generally are self-centered and defiant people who develop expansive egos.
Alcoholics get treatment while drunk drivers receive stiff fines or jail time.
Alcoholics go to meetings.
Alcoholics have a considerable higher rate of accidental death than the general population.
Alcoholics have a hard time admitting that they have a problem.
Alcoholics have a high tolerance for alcohol.
Alcoholics have a higher tolerance to to alcohol than the average person.
Alcoholics have a love-hate relationship with their drink.
Alcoholics have a lower resistance to a number of different infections.
Alcoholics have an increased frequency of bacterial overgrowth in the upper gastrointestinal tract.
Alcoholics have higher limits.
Alcoholics have many unsatisfactory experiences in life.
Alcoholics have poor intake of folate.
Alcoholics have runny noses.
Alcoholics have to go to meetings.
Alcoholics have unique and different responses to alcohol.
Alcoholics know they respond differently to alcohol.
Alcoholics like to blame other people, or their job, or their spouse, or even their kids.
Alcoholics never get well unless given a chance.
Alcoholics never make it as wine tasters.
Alcoholics run a greater risk of gettin cirrhosis of the liver.
Alcoholics say that all the time.
Alcoholics seem to be more sensitive to task-irrelevant stimuli.
Alcoholics seem to work with almost heroic persistence to earn their unpopularity.
Alcoholics smoke more cigarettes per day than do nonalcoholic smokers.
Alcoholics suffer from disturbing memory lapses called blackouts.
Alcoholics tell unnecessary lies in efforts to cover up for their behavior.
Alcoholics tend to be nice people except for the severe personality changes caused by the alcohol.
Alcoholics tend to deny their situation and deceive others about their condition.
Alcoholics tend to follow a predictable pattern of behavior as they become alcoholics.
Alcoholics tend to minimize actual amount used.
Alcoholics think about alcohol a lot.
Alcoholics use alcohol to cope with the stresses of every day life.
Alcoholics use denial and rationalization to twist reality into a more palatable form.
An alcoholic is a drunk
Alcoholics always have what is called an enabler.
Alcoholics frequently combine deflection and projection through the use of anger and hostility.
Alcoholics often combine rationalizing and fantasy.
Alcoholics often comment that they are never cured.
Alcoholics often deny that they have a problem.
Alcoholics often feel guilty and easily become defensive.
Alcoholics often have bones that are less dense than normal.
Alcoholics often have disorders of sugar metabolism.
Alcoholics often have severe cravings for alcohol while in the middle of a hypoglycemic attack.
Alcoholics sometimes develop deficiency.
Alcoholics sometimes experience a sudden spontaneous awakening.
Alcoholics usually make good subjects when they are sincere in their desire to give it up.
All alcoholics face withdrawal eventually.
All alcoholics get drunk.
All alcoholics have it as a major symptom of their disease.
All alcoholics welcome.
Any alcoholic knows about the loneliness, the extreme isolation of the disease, the self-hatred.
Any alcoholics see sharp whether local, if male remember whoever.
Every alcoholic is resourceful.
Every alcoholic knows that one piece of advice they receive is sincere but wrong.
Every alcoholic reaches the end of the tether some day.
Many alcoholics also show no work interference from their drinking.
Many alcoholics become able to drink ever larger amounts of alcohol before feeling or seeming drunk.
Many alcoholics do silly things when they drink.
Many alcoholics drink to combat anxiety.
Many alcoholics find themselves distant from friends and very lonely.
Many alcoholics have a vitamin deficiency, especially a deficiency of thiamine.
Many alcoholics suffer convulsions and hallucinations during withdrawal.
Many alcoholics testify to feeling unwelcome in their congregation after their problem became known.
Many alcoholics treat an underlying depression with alcohol.
Most alcoholics are either hypoglycemic or borderline diabetics.
Most alcoholics are full of unreasoning resentments, fears, jealousies, and self-pity.
Most alcoholics are good and kind people.
Most alcoholics are great talkers.
Most alcoholics are ordinary people.
Most alcoholics are sure they can control their drinking on the next occasion.
Most alcoholics are well accepted members of the community.
Most alcoholics begin to feel better very quickly after they stop drinking.
Most alcoholics can safely detox in a social model program.
Most alcoholics deny there is a problem.
Most alcoholics have cellular changes after consuming alcohol for long periods of time.
Most alcoholics have food allergies, sugar, grains, and alcohol.
Most alcoholics just can t see what people are making such a fuss about.
Most alcoholics require professional treatment.
Some alcoholics always find a reason to drink.
Some alcoholics are able to cover or hide evidence of becoming disoriented.
Some alcoholics are bingers, with intermittent periods of sobriety.
Some alcoholics are persons with a healthy diet.
Some alcoholics begin drinking to the point of intoxication from their first drink.
Some alcoholics begin drinking to the point of intoxication from their very first drink.
Some alcoholics develop rosacea, particularly rhinophyma.
Some alcoholics do drink all the time.
Some alcoholics drink daily.
Some alcoholics drink regularly.
Some alcoholics favor scotch, some drink tequila, others drink nothing but beer.
Some alcoholics have hypertriglyceridemia which disappears with abstinence.
Some alcoholics stay dry for weeks even months or years.
Alcoholism advances in stages.
Alcoholism affects all socio-professional classes.
Alcoholism affects almost every part of the body.
Alcoholism affects both males and females of all ages and every ethnic culture.
Alcoholism affects families.
Alcoholism affects five elderly men for every one woman.
Alcoholism affects many families.
Alcoholism affects more than the problem drinker.
Alcoholism affects nearly every family on the reservation.
Alcoholism affects one out of three American families.
Alcoholism affects the entire family.
Alcoholism also depresses the activity of the enzymes.
Alcoholism also increases the risk of liver and digestive disease, certain cancers, and suicide.
Alcoholism also interferes with the person's experience of personal and emotional growth.
Alcoholism also leads to other diseases such a liver failure.
Alcoholism assaults sanity by depleting key antidepressant chemicals in the brain.
Alcoholism can also cause bone and muscle weakness.
Alcoholism can also lead to vitamin K deficiency.
Alcoholism can also trigger a host of personal problems.
Alcoholism can be a cause of iron deficient anemia .
Alcoholism can be a progressive and fatal psychological and physical disorder.
Alcoholism can be easily misunderstood.
Alcoholism can begin as a subtle shift from social drinking to a dependence on alcohol.
Alcoholism can cause intrauterine-growth retardation.
Alcoholism can cause various medical and psychiatric conditions or increase their severity.
Alcoholism can certainly cause psychological problems.
Alcoholism can develop as early as adolescence and continue in older age groups.
Alcoholism can develop starting in adolescence and continuing into older age groups.
Alcoholism can kill the alcohlic.
Alcoholism can make things worse for both.
Alcoholism can mask an underlying depression.
Alcoholism can result in folic acid deficiency.
Alcoholism can run in one's family and make a person much more prone to addiction than others.
Alcoholism can skip a generation.
Alcoholism can tear a family apart.
Alcoholism causes a similar peripheral neuropathy.
Alcoholism causes stigmas.
Alcoholism ceases to exist when the alcoholic volitionally chooses to stop drinking.
Alcoholism continues to be a rampant undetected treatable disorder in the elderly.
Alcoholism contributes to crime, violence, spousal abuse, and child neglect.
Alcoholism contributes to domestic violence, with sometimes fatal beatings.
Alcoholism costs the community millions of dollars every year.
Alcoholism creates a bad environ- ment, a bad milieu, for the children in almost every respect.
Alcoholism cuts across all social, racial and economic lines.
Alcoholism demands the focus and attention be placed on the drinking alcoholic.
Alcoholism does nothonor the value of others.
Alcoholism does run along family lines.
Alcoholism does tend to run in families.
Alcoholism effects more than the problem drinker.
Alcoholism erodes an individual's ability to function, physically, emotionally, and spirituality.
Alcoholism exacerbates hyperglycemia.
Alcoholism exacerbates the difficulties of many families.
Alcoholism favours scurvy and anaemia.
Alcoholism has a good recovery rate with treatment with the support of the loved ones.
Alcoholism has a greater impact, but receives the least public funding, of any major health issue.
Alcoholism has a way of repeating itself through generations.
Alcoholism has clear, definable symptoms, like other diseases.
Alcoholism has no bias.
Alcoholism has NO social boundaries such as status, race, religion, or sex.
Alcoholism has no such chain of events.
Alcoholism has nothing to do with irresistible impulses or uncontrollable urges.
Alcoholism has physical, social, emotional and behavioral effects.
Alcoholism has physiological factors, genetically determined.
Alcoholism has the characteristics of a disease.
Alcoholism increases following a severe economic depression.
Alcoholism is a big problem.
Alcoholism is a biological brain disease.
Alcoholism is a brain disease, and the brain is still a frontier for biological research.
Alcoholism is a certifiable and often incurable disease .
Alcoholism IS a chemical, physical addiction to alcohol.
Alcoholism is a chronic disease characterized by repeated and uncontrollable drinking of alcohol.
Alcoholism is a chronic disease of the brain that is often fatal.
Alcoholism is a chronic disease of the brain.
Alcoholism is a chronic disease that can cause emotional and social problems.
Alcoholism is a chronic disease.
Alcoholism is a chronic illness characterized by remissions and exacerbations.
Alcoholism is a chronic illness characterized by the habitual consumption of alcohol.
Alcoholism is a chronic illness characterized by the habitual intake of alcohol.
Alcoholism is a chronic illness where alcohol is habitually consumed.
Alcoholism is a chronic illness which manifests itself as a disorder of behavior.
Alcoholism is a chronic medical disease that can cause emotional and social problems.
Alcoholism is a chronic progressive illness.
Alcoholism is a chronic, incurable, progressive and fatal illness.
Alcoholism is a chronic, progressive and sometimes fatal disease.
Alcoholism is a chronic, progressive disease.
Alcoholism is a chronic, progressive, relapsing brain disease.
Alcoholism is a chronic, relapsing disease.
Alcoholism is a common predisposing factor.
Alcoholism is a complex disease.
Alcoholism IS a complex disease.
Alcoholism is a complex disorder with many different causes and outcomes.
Alcoholism is a condition with a social stigma.
Alcoholism is a desvastating and deadly illness.
Alcoholism is a devastating scourge.
Alcoholism is a disease and it is treatable.
Alcoholism is a disease in which a person has an overwhelming desire to drink alcoholic beverages.
Alcoholism is a disease in which the affected individual is addicted to alcohol.
Alcoholism is a disease of isolation, so healing together offers the best results.
Alcoholism is a disease of volition.
Alcoholism is a disease that can be treated.
Alcoholism is a disease that can start with a first drink.
Alcoholism is a disease that happens irrespective of age, class, socio-economic status, etc.
Alcoholism is a disease that often tears apart families.
Alcoholism is a disease that tends to develop over time and progress through stages.
Alcoholism is a disease which affects memory and neurochemical pathways in the brain.
Alcoholism is a disease which needs the most expert medical care.
Alcoholism is a disease which often begins during the teen-age years.
Alcoholism is a disease with many dimensions.
Alcoholism is a disease, kind of like diabetes or high blood pressure.
Alcoholism is a disease.
Alcoholism is a disease-just like diabetes or high blood pressure.
Alcoholism is a factor in domestic violence and child abuse which can both lead to homelessness.
Alcoholism is a familial illness.
Alcoholism is a family disease.
Alcoholism is a family problem and recovery is a family struggle .
Alcoholism is a form of chemical dependency.
Alcoholism is a frightening disease.
Alcoholism is a hidden problem, depression is a huge problem, anxiety.
Alcoholism is a horrible disease that affects many people.
Alcoholism is a leading cause of death.
Alcoholism is a learned behavior, because no one makes a person drink alcohol.
Alcoholism is a major health problem here in the United States.
Alcoholism is a major problem as well as drug addiction.
Alcoholism is a major problem both in the jungle and in the city.
Alcoholism is a major problem in Russia, that is why it was included.
Alcoholism is a major social and medical problem in the United States and in most of the world.
Alcoholism is a major social, economic, and public health problem.
Alcoholism is a mania
Alcoholism is a medical disease.
Alcoholism is a mental and physical disease.
Alcoholism is a moral weakness.
Alcoholism is a painful physical addiction every bit as powerful as the strongest narcotic.
Alcoholism is a pathetic, frustrating and de structive thing.
Alcoholism is a permanent condition.
Alcoholism is a physical addiction, but it is also a very serious sin.
Alcoholism is a powerful adversary.
Alcoholism is a primary and chronic disease that families are ashamed about and deny.
Alcoholism is a prime cause, and drunkenness figures in about one of every three crimes.
Alcoholism is a problem in Poland.
Alcoholism is a problem that never goes away, until death.
Alcoholism is a progressive and fatal disease.
Alcoholism is a progressive disease that only gets worse by drinking irresponsibly.
Alcoholism is a progressive disease that only gets worse if untreated.
Alcoholism is a progressive disease, meaning it can be caused by routine consumption.
Alcoholism is a progressive disease, meaning it gets worse with time.
Alcoholism is a progressive disease.
Alcoholism is a progressive illness involving the excessive, inappropriate use of alcohol.
Alcoholism is a progressive illness that gets worse as drinking continues.
Alcoholism is a relative contraindication.
Alcoholism is a risk factor for nutritional deficiency.
Alcoholism is a risk factor.
Alcoholism is a self inflicted disease.
Alcoholism is a serious and widespread disease.
Alcoholism is a serious illness.
Alcoholism is a serious problem in the United States.
Alcoholism is a serious problem.
Alcoholism is a serious social and health problem with no pharmacologic solutions on sight.
Alcoholism is a sin.
Alcoholism is a social problem of unbelievable proportions.
Alcoholism is a syndrome.
Alcoholism is a term commonly used to describe the medical disorder of alcohol dependence.
Alcoholism is a terrible disease that ruins lives.
Alcoholism is a travisty and tradgedy.
Alcoholism is a treatable disease that one can recover from with treatment.
Alcoholism is a treatable disease that responds to intervention and treatment.
Alcoholism is a treatable illness.
Alcoholism is a treatable problem.
Alcoholism is a type of drug addiction.
Alcoholism is a type of drug dependence that is both psychological and physical.
Alcoholism is a type of drug dependence with both physical and psychological indications.
Alcoholism is a type of drug dependence.
Alcoholism is a very hard and long road, but sobriety can be obtained and maintained.
Alcoholism is a very serious disease that affects a large number of people.
Alcoholism is about four times more common in men than in women.
Alcoholism is adisease.
Alcoholism is also a disease that can be acquired over a long period of time.
Alcoholism is also a disease.
Alcoholism is also rife.
Alcoholism is also so widespread, and can ruin somebody's career at any age.
Alcoholism is an acceptable, even socially beneficial, disease for an active geologist.
Alcoholism is an addiction disease, the inability to control one's alcohol consumption.
Alcoholism is an addiction to alcohol.
Alcoholism is an addiction, and addiction is a disease, like cancer.
Alcoholism is an epidemic in America that affects the lives of many.
Alcoholism is an epidemic, and domestic violence is soaring.
Alcoholism is an equal opportunity destroyer.
Alcoholism is an equal opportunity disease.
Alcoholism is an equal-opportunity disease that knows no bounds.
Alcoholism is an illness that consumes entire families.
Alcoholism is an illness, and as such, can be effectively treated.
Alcoholism is an illness, just like asthma or diabetes .
Alcoholism is an illness.
Alcoholism is an older word that refers to a clinical syndrome.
Alcoholism is an overwhelming desire to drink alcohol even though it is causing harm.
Alcoholism is another cause.
Alcoholism is another leading cause of cirrhosis and liver cancer.
Alcoholism is another potential culprit.
Alcoholism is by far the most common cause.
Alcoholism is called a family disease because it adversely affects everyone around the alcoholic.
Alcoholism is caused all groups of people.
Alcoholism is caused by genetics, through childhood experiences and as a learned behavior.
Alcoholism is characterized by craving, uncontrolled drinking, tolerance and physical dependence.
Alcoholism is characterized by denial.
Alcoholism is chronic, which means it continues for a long time.
Alcoholism is chronic.
Alcoholism is common because of mindnumbing rigidities, regimentation and hopelessness.
Alcoholism is considered a disease.
Alcoholism is considered to be a disability.
Alcoholism is definitely as bad as drug addiction - it's the same thing.
Alcoholism is dependence.
Alcoholism is discussed as it affects the individual and the family.
Alcoholism is diseases.
Alcoholism is drug addiction.
Alcoholism is drug addiction.
Alcoholism is epidemic.
Alcoholism is especially likely when individuals grow up with one or more alcoholic parents.
Alcoholism is fatal.
Alcoholism is frequently fatal.
Alcoholism is hereditary and certain people have a genetic predisposition to alcoholism.
Alcoholism is impaired social function and altered health secondary to excess alcohol intake.
Alcoholism is impulsive behavior.
Alcoholism is impulsive behaviour.
Alcoholism is in it.
Alcoholism is incurable.
Alcoholism is indeed a most costly burden on the whole society.
Alcoholism is indeed a problem towards teens.
Alcoholism is irreversible.
Alcoholism is just one of many causes of cirrhosis.
Alcoholism is just one of the most grievous symptoms.
Alcoholism is known to compromise the immune system.
Alcoholism is learned inadequate responses to life's problems.
Alcoholism is legendary, capturing entire communities in some instances.
Alcoholism is like a vacuum.
Alcoholism is more prevalent in disadvantaged populations.
Alcoholism is more than double civilian levels.
Alcoholism is nothing to be shamed of because it is genetic.
Alcoholism is nothing to mess around with.
Alcoholism is often a missed diagnosis requiring a team approach.
Alcoholism is one of our most lethal illnesses-certainly our most misunderstood.
Alcoholism is one of the major causes of nutritional deficiency in the United States.
Alcoholism is one of the most common illnesses seen by doctors.
Alcoholism is one of the most common psychiatric disorders in Canada, and one of the most costly.
Alcoholism is one of the most prevalent and dangerous addictions in the world.
Alcoholism is one of the most serious problems in the United States today.
Alcoholism is one of the oldest and most widespread diseases in Russia.
Alcoholism is one of the saddest diseases around.
Alcoholism is only one of many health and social problems associated with alcohol use.
Alcoholism is our greatest health crisis.
Alcoholism is our most untreated treatable disease.
Alcoholism is particularly less likely to be recognized in elderly women.
Alcoholism is possibly a risk factor in the etiology of the disease.
Alcoholism is potentially fatal.
Alcoholism is progressive.
Alcoholism is rampant among the desperate and the poor.
Alcoholism is rampant.
Alcoholism is recognized as a major health problem.
Alcoholism is regarded as disabling if it substantially limits a major life activity.
Alcoholism is related to pessimism and vice versa.
Alcoholism is rife.
Alcoholism is scandalous in woman, and a female alcoholic is rare, a serious matter.
Alcoholism is serious at any age.
Alcoholism is something that can be hidden or easy to spot.
Alcoholism is still a very 'subliminal' disease, for the sufferer and loved ones.
Alcoholism is the dependence on, or addiction to, alcohol.
Alcoholism is the disease in which a person is addicted to alcohol.
Alcoholism is the disease produced by the repeated misuse of ethyl alcohol.
Alcoholism is the nation's number one health problem.
Alcoholism is the ninth leading cause of death in the United States.
Alcoholism is the number one drug problem in the United States.
Alcoholism is the primary cause of cirrhosis.
Alcoholism is the primary chemical causing addictive disease in our country.
Alcoholism is the second ranking disease in the United States today.
Alcoholism is thought of as a family disease because it affects everyone in the family.
Alcoholism is tragically high on the list of our nation's health problems.
Alcoholism IS treatable and alcoholics can live full, productive lives without ever drinking again.
Alcoholism is treatable.
Alcoholism IS treatable.
Alcoholism is truly a family disease.
Alcoholism is under diagnosed and under treated in most primary caresettings.
Alcoholism is underrecognized late in life.
Alcoholism is underrecognized, underdiagnosed, and underreported.
Alcoholism is viewed as the number one health and social problem in the Black community.
Alcoholism is viewed similarly.
Alcoholism is widespread and treatable.
Alcoholism is widespread.
Alcoholism kills people.
Alcoholism knows no bounds.
Alcoholism knows no racial, social economic or sexual barriers.
Alcoholism leads to times of withdrawal and low self esteem.
Alcoholism lives for itself and itself alone.
Alcoholism loves gray areas.
Alcoholism means addiction to alcohol .
Alcoholism means addiction to alcohol.
Alcoholism needs to be confronted regardless of the stage of the disease.
Alcoholism only affects men.
Alcoholism presents differently in different people.
Alcoholism remains a scourge in the Native American world.
Alcoholism responds well to treatment, especially if there's a good support system.
Alcoholism results in loss of control.
Alcoholism ruins the individual physically and emotionally because of the dependency.
Alcoholism runs in families.
Alcoholism runs in the family.
Alcoholism screws children up.
Alcoholism starts with that first drink.
Alcoholism stems from genetic, environmental, and psychosocial factors.
Alcoholism takes a toll on personal finances, health, social relationships and families.
Alcoholism takes the teenager's control away.
Alcoholism tends to beggary, and nearly all beggars, thieves and tramps are given to drink.
Alcoholism weakens and destroys the body.
Alcoholism always starts with a single drink.
Alcoholism often reduces a person's life expectancy by around ten years.
Alcoholism usually develops over a period of years.
Alcoholism usually develops slowly, and can happen at any age.
Alcoholism usually has strong negative effects on marital relationships.
Alcoves are the spaces at the east and west ends of the fourth through seventh floors.
Alcoves try explicitly to run down history and culture, and they mostly come a clunker.
An alcove is a niche
All ALCS students participate in weekly chapel services.
ALDs amplify only the sounds coming across the device s microphone.
ALDs are eligible for medical evacuation.
ALDs are helpful when listening in a whole classroom or in small groups.
ALDs can maintain a clear presentation of the speech signal in the presence of poor room acoustics.
ALDs increase the loudness of only specific sounds.
ALDs reduce problems associated with background noise in one on one and group communication.
ALDs utilize different technologies.
Aldehyde oxidase requires molybdenum.
Aldehyde takes priority over ketone, which takes priority over other groups mentioned so far.
Aldehydes are common in organic chemistry.
Aldehydes are highly reactive compounds that can modify proteins.
Aldehydes are much more reactive in the atmosphere than the alcohols they are made from.
Aldehydes are one class of cross-linker, of which acetaldehyde is a member.
Aldehydes are organic compounds.
Aldehydes are simple organic compounds that also happen to be smelly .
Aldehydes are typically the result of ozone reactions with double bonded organic compounds.
Aldehydes combine with the basic amino group of skin protein.
Aldehydes have a carbon double bonded to an oxygen.
Aldehydes have many different properties.
Aldehydes produce a silver mirror with the reagent.
An aldehyde is an organic compound
All aldehydes are free radicals that bounce around damaging DNA wherever they hit.
Many aldehydes are found in essential oils and are the reason for their smells.
Many aldehydes have strong smells.
Some aldehydes are corrosive and irritating.
Alder buckthorn is a favourite food source for brimstone butterflies.
An alder buckthorn is a buckthorn
Alder flowers blossom in the early spring.
Alder flycatchers use a greater diversity of habitat types than is used by the preceding species.
Alder growth dominates streambank vegetation and in many areas forms a thick, tangled canopy.
Alder hybrids appear to be common, much as the classic swarm of Picea .
Alder roots make the perfect nest sites for otters.
Alder thicket fringes much of the stream.
Alder wood is soft and straight-grained, and used for carving feast bowls, masks, rattles, etc.
Alder covers and old choppings growing up to poplar attract migrating woodcock.
Alder is alder no matter what, but it's a nice cabinet wood.
Alder isa wood.
Alders are generally well known as ruderal trees of moist, stream-side habitats.
Alders are pioneer on wet sites following landslides, logging, or fire.
Alders are plants.
Alders are trees.
Alders are very important in the forest.
Alders are wood.
Alders contribute to soil quality and erosion control and provide wildlife food and habitat.
Alders form interesting cone-like fruits that persist through winter.
Alders form part of the birch family, along with hazels and hornbeams.
Alders grow well in moist soil near ponds and other wet ground.
Alders have the capacity to fix nitrogen.
Alders lose their leaves.
Alders prefer moist sites.
Alders produce catkins of yellowish-green flowers.
Alders provide shelter for a host of birds.
An alder is wood
Most alders are pioneer species.
Some alders have growth.
Some alders have height growth.
Some alders have indeterminate growth.
Some alders have leaves.
Some alders have their roots immersed in the stream even when it is at low levels.
Alderflies have no gill tufts and a smooth underside.
Alderflies have one branched tail filament extending straight back.
An alderfly is an insect
Alderman library is the weirdest place.
Aldermans are representatives.
Aldermen say they'll look at options for trying to arrange bond funding.
Aldermen serve two- year terms.
Aldermen serve two-year terms.
An alderman is a representative
Some aldermen say they have no objection to the issue being debated again.
Aldermanic lunches are open to the public.
Aldersgate programs reach out locally as well as to distant parts of the globe.
Aldershot students are proud of the history of their province.
Aldino soils are moderately well drained.
Aldino soils have angular pebbles of quartzite and flakes of mica in the lower part of the solum.
Aldose reductase is involved in diabetic complications.
Aldosterone acts on the kidney to make it hold on to sodium and water.
Aldosterone acts on the kidneys to promote the retention of salt and water.
Aldosterone acts to One answer only.
Aldosterone acts upon the renal tubules to enhance sodium reabsorption.
Aldosterone also acts on the sweat ducts and colonic epithelium to conserve sodium.
Aldosterone causes myocardial and vascular fibrosis.
Aldosterone causes the kidneys to reclaim more sodium and thus water.
Aldosterone causes the kidneys to retain salt and water and to excrete potassium.
Aldosterone causes the kidneys to retain salt and water which increases blood volume.
Aldosterone causes the kidneys to retain sodium and water, increasing plasma volume.
Aldosterone causes the kidneys to retain sodium and water.
Aldosterone causes the reabsorption of sodium from the filtrate.
Aldosterone decreases salt excretion, which in turn can lead to high blood pressure.
Aldosterone determines expression of sodium channels.
Aldosterone enters the cell from the blood and binds to an intracellular receptor to form a complex.
Aldosterone escape during angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor therapy in chronic heart failure.
Aldosterone increases blood pressure.
Aldosterone increases salt retention.
Aldosterone increases the kidneys' salt retention.
Aldosterone increases the loss of potassium in the kidneys.
Aldosterone increases the reabsorption of sodium from sweat.
Aldosterone increases the reabsorption of sodium in the kidneys.
Aldosterone increases the sodium and water reabsorption in the distal tubule.
Aldosterone is a function of the inverse of the sodium intake as sensed via osmotic pressure.
Aldosterone is a hormone in the body that increases androgen levels.
Aldosterone is a hormone released by the adrenal glands .
Aldosterone is a hormone released by the adrenal glands.
Aldosterone is a mineralocorticoid which controls mineral and water balance in the body.
Aldosterone is a mineralocorticoid
Aldosterone is a mineralocorticoid.
Aldosterone is a steroid hormone produced by the adrenal cortex.
Aldosterone is a steroid hormone produced in the adrenal gland that regulates sodium and potassium.
Aldosterone is a steroid hormone secreted by the adrenal gland.
Aldosterone is a steroid hormone that causes the reabsorption of sodium.
Aldosterone is a steroid hormone that is produced and secreted by the adrenal glands.
Aldosterone is a steroid hormone with major effects on sodium homeostasis.
Aldosterone is an example of a mineralocorticoid.
Aldosterone is another hormone that raises blood pressure.
Aldosterone is chemical compounds.
Aldosterone is classified as a mineralocorticoid hormone.
Aldosterone is concerned with the control of salt and water loss in the urine.
Aldosterone is corticosteroids.
Aldosterone is important in regulating minerals in the blood stream especially sodium and potassium.
Aldosterone is important in the pathophysiology of heart failure.
Aldosterone is involved in maintaining blood pressure as well as water and salt balance in the body.
Aldosterone is made by the adrenal glands, which are located above the upper portion of the kidneys.
Aldosterone is mineralocorticoids.
Aldosterone is one example of a mineralocorticoid.
Aldosterone is produced and secreted by cells of the adrenal medulla.
Aldosterone is produced by cells in the cortex of the kidney.
Aldosterone is produced by the adrenal gland.
Aldosterone is produced in the adrenal gland.
Aldosterone is regulated by a the renin angiotensin system.
Aldosterone is secreted from the adrenal gland in the presence of increasing levels of potassium.
Aldosterone is secreted in response to low extracellular potassium.
Aldosterone is the key regulator of sodium reabsorption in the kidney.
Aldosterone is unable to enter nontarget cells.
Aldosterone is yet another hormone that comes from the adrenal glands.
Aldosterone plays the primary role in adjustment of sodium excretion.
Aldosterone produced by the adrenal glands controls the reabsorption of sodium ions by the kidneys.
Aldosterone promotes sodium reabsorption, increasing blood volume and pressure.
Aldosterone reduces baroreceptor activity in the dog.
Aldosterone regulates fluid and electrolyte balance.
Aldosterone regulates salt and water levels which affects blood volume and blood pressure.
Aldosterone regulates the amounts of sodium and potassium in the blood.
Aldosterone saves salt.
Aldosterone spontaneously converts to the hemiacetal form, which is active.
Aldosterone stimulates the active resorption of sodium ions and the excretion of potassium ions.
Aldosterone stimulates the kidneys to resorb salt, ultimately functioning in retention of water.
Aldosterone stimulates the reabsorption of sodium while enhancing potassium secretion.
Aldosterone then acts on the kidney to make it retain sodium and water, and to get rid of potassium.
Aldosterone works in the cells of the cortical collecting duct, depicted at left.
Aldosterone works together with the kidneys to regulate the balance of minerals in the body.
Aldosterone usually increases sodium reabsorption in the kidney.
Aldosterone usually promotes both sodium and water retention.
Aldrin concentration does increase with depth.
Ale yeast is most comfortable at close to room temperature, and ferments fairly quickly.
Ale yeast is most common.
Ale yeast is what is known as a top fermenting yeast.
Ale yeast prefers warmer temperatures, and ferments more quickly than does lager yeast.
Ale yeast tends to ferment at higher temperatures and to flocculate at the top of the beer.
Ale yeast Use a rolling pin to crush the black patent malt.
Ale yeasts ferment at warmer temps and finish much quicker.
Ale yeasts vary in cell morphology.
Many ale yeasts tend to flocculate at the top of the ferment as the ferment diminishes.
Ale become the only safe drink.
Ale brewing in Scotland predates whisky distillation.
ALE goes low again.
Ale is a beer
Ale is a beer-making expert who has less experience in the other areas.
Ale is also a medicinal drink.
ALE is an acronym for Automatic Link Establishment.
ALE is available free for research purposes.
Ale is beers.
Ale is much more than just a break-fast drink.
Ale is their eating and their drinking, surely, which keeps their bodies clear and soluble.
Ale is top-fermented beer.
Ale offers a dark color and a roasted nutty flavor.
ALE provides computer-driven scanning of available frequencies.
ALE provides precise, real time, frequency management for optimum connectivity.
ALE represents an innovation of considerable significance.
Ale snad se to zm n .
Ale takes less time to age than lager.
Ale Use the lower pitching rate.
Ales actively ferment with yeast for two to three days.
Ales also condition at near-freezing temperatures for one to two days.
Ales are aged, or conditioned, for one to three weeks.
Ales are beers that utilize a top fermenting yeast which functions at warm temperatures.
Ales are generally beers made with top fermenting yeasts.
Ales are generally more complex than lagers.
Ales are higher in alcohol content.
Ales are the oldest category of malt beverages.
Ales are typically fruity in style with much complexity of taste.
Ales are typically top fermented.
Ales can be any color and any strength.
Ales have a pronounced palate.
Ales have more esters than lagers and fresh beer also tends to have more esters than aged beer.
Ales mostly originate from England, Scotland and Ireland.
Ales range in colour from golden to black.
Ales tend to taste robust and complex.
Ales trace their heritage to the British and Belgian brewing traditions.
Ale always throws the best parties.
ALEA funding comes from leases on state aquatic lands and resources, such as geoduck harvesting.
ALEA rates are only available for one-year combination rate.
Aleatoric music represents a move toward greater complexity.
Aleatory uncertainty is due to the inherent unpredictable nature of future events.
Alehdan charity is non-profit organization.
Alehoof is a small creeping mint with a bitter principal.
An alehoof is a vine
Alembic enables the automatic acquistion of domain-specific tagging heuristics.
An alembic is a retort
Alendronate increases new bone formation.
An alendronate is medicine
Aleph begins for third graders.
Aleph comes with a rich documentation available online or for download .
Aleph comes with a rich set of libraries that are designed to be platform independent.
Aleph comes with a rich set of platform independent libraries.
Aleph equals one, bet equals two, etc.
Aleph helps in three ways.
Aleph is a core language and libraries.
Aleph is a free software.
Aleph is a multi threaded functional programming language with dynamic symbol bindings.
Aleph is a research project, and is continually under development.
Aleph is correct.
Aleph is intended to be a prototype for exploring ideas.
Aleph is the only silent letter because it represents the unrevealed, infinite spiritual.
Aleph means teacher, etc.
Aleph operates with a lazy, scope based, object destruction mechanism.
Aleph seeks to feel wanted and cherished by the other members of the team.
Aleph wants close relationships.
Alephs are books.
Alephs are letters.
An aleph is a letter
All alert activity is logged to elalert.log.
Alert attendance is considered a key to success in the class.
Alert boxes are special windows that contain informative text, buttons, and, generally, icons.
Alert boxes communicate warnings and error conditions.
Alert boxes have a gray background and a red tinted border.
Alert children come with no boundaries of self.
Alert cyclists are always aware of their surroundings.
Alert handlers have the perception and ability to read body language in animals.
Alert level is adjustable.
Alert light goes on.
Alert messages can be verbal.
More alert minds can detect dangers even further afield.
Alert observers catch occasional glimpses of snowshoe hares and martens in the conifer forests.
Alert panels Make the user confirm their choices with an alert panel.
Alert patients have a number of legitimate concerns about safety in the dialysis unit.
Alert people act sure of themselves.
Alert people scan their environment continually for patterns, opportunities, and synchronicity.
Alert procedures require the soldiers to be on a two-hour recall.
Alert services abound on the Internet.
Some alert services are free, others are available for a fee.
Alert teachers know how animated classes can get when they allow free discussion of reading.
Alert visitors can also spot wild turkeys , deer , coyotes , and a variety of other small mannnals.
Alert workers can prevent accidents.
Alerts also communicate information on product upgrades and bug fixes.
Alerts are a convenient debugging status indicator.
Alerts are also available where SMS messages can be sent to a mobile.
Alerts are also flexible in their scope, triggering conditions, and send frequency.
Alerts are an automatic current awareness service.
Alerts are anonymous.
Alerts are another way to learn more about investments.
Alerts are available weekly, bi-weekly or monthly.
Alerts are conveniently color-coded to indicate the severity of the security risk.
Alerts are essentially a specialized type of information filter.
Alerts are limited to event reporting.
Alerts are more visible, coming up whenever the clinician logs onto the computer.
Alerts are quarterly.
Alerts are requests by individuals to supersede the general definition of public information.
Alerts are searches which run automatically, usually on a weekly basis.
Alerts are timely.
Alerts are transaction based.
Alerts are visual, audio, e-mail, or pager.
Alerts are warning.
Alerts automatically pass from station to station and on the air without human intervention.
Alerts can be a double-edged sword.
Alerts can be by hour, day, or week.
Alerts can be signalled more often than the corresponding application WAIT calls.
Alerts can be weather and time sensitive as well as related to store sales.
Alerts can contain Web links and attached files for rapid distribution.
Alerts can help increase search engine use by driving users back to sites.
Alerts can send messages when an error occurs.
Alerts can track the key words, products and pricing being queried, enhancing user profiles.
Alerts come into play at the next level of network monitoring, as problems escalate.
Alerts contain brief summaries of newsletter items and a direct link to the site.
Alerts deliver information fast and on an individual title basis.
Alerts focus on suspicious transactions.
Alerts Get updated with the latest scores.
Alerts go through the pager gateway automatically.
Alerts go unheard, and people die.
Alerts help spread the word about security holes.
Alerts helps ensure the right content reaches the right user.
Alerts helps make the user's site experience more valuable and productive.
Alerts indicate whether the text is a valid zip code.
Alerts is a service that provides email notification of articles on a weekly or same day basis.
Alerts Located at the very top, contains breaking news and important items from any channel.
Alerts Look for breaking news in the promotion law area.
Alerts notify administrator of virus outbreaks and emergency conditions.
Alerts notify IT when specified operating parameters are exceeded.
Alerts notify someone when an event occurs.
Alerts notify users of scheduled reports or exception situations requiring review.
Alerts now allow switching to other applications unless displayed as the result of a drag operation.
Alerts operator to low oil, low fuel or high engine temperatures.
Alerts pass from station to station and on to the air automatically, without human intervention.
Alerts provide background information on developing issues.
Alerts Quickly create a web page about any current issue.
Alerts reduce frustration from traffic congestion delays.
Alerts require immediate response.
Alerts run at specific intervals, e.g., hourly, once daily, once weekly, etc.
Alerts still function normally.
An alert is a state
Alerts always cover an important item in the news.
All alerts come from beacons.
All alerts fulfill special minimum requirements.
All alerts offer both the statistics related to the alert condition and corrective action advice.
Some alerts track certain actions until completion.
Most alerting services require enrolling in the service.
Aleutian disease is probably present in most commercially raised and feral mink.
Alewife are much easier to keep than shad.
Alewife are the major food source for Lake Michigan's thriving salmon and trout fishery.
Alewifes are fish.
Alewifes are part of alewifes.
Alewives also are a popular bait fish for recreational anglers and commercial fishermen.
Alewives also are a popular bait fish.
Alewives are also invader species which compete with native fish for food and habitat.
Alewives are an important food for larger game fish.
Alewives are important to the ecology of the freshwater, estuarine, and marine environment.
Alewives are the main forage fish for salmon and lake trout.
Alewives compete for food with baitfish and young game fish such as yellow perch, bass and trout.
Alewives have a short jaw that juts out when the mouth is closed.
Alewives historically migrate to freshwater to spawn in rivers and streams.
Alewives live for about six or seven years and usually begin to reproduce at about two years of age.
Alewives provide revenues to the towns that lease the fishing privileges to fishermen.
Alewives seem to be bringing in trout and salmon.
Alewives spawn in fresh water and head downstream in early autumn.
Alewives swim in dense schools and have been the major prey of the Lake Michigan's trout and salmon.
An alewife is a bony fish
Alewives often die in great numbers in early summer.
Alewife usually spawn three to four weeks earlier than blueback herring in the same watershed.
Many alewives appear stressed and weak.
Alex evolution is a theory just like gravity is a theory.
Alexandrian alchemy is very sophisticated and clearly the result of a long evolution.
Alexandrian eagles tend to have an arched back.
Alexandrite rings are very beautiful.
Alfalfa looper is common along the coast than inland.
Alfalfa weevils are a problem in some uncut fields.
Alfalfa weevils feed during the day, actively feeding on the foliage, starting near the leaf tips.
Alfalfa weevils have a white strip down the center of their back and black heads.
Alfalfa weevils have the ability to severely damage the first cutting of hay in much of Illinois.
Alfalfa contains calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, plus all known vitamins.
Alfalfa contains soluble oxalates and high concentration of calcium.
Alfalfa contains triconatol, which promotes plant growth.
Alfalfa grown on lighter soils is usually more advanced that alfalfa grown on clay soils.
Alfalfa is a trefoil
Alfalfa is fodder.
Alfalfa is medics.
Alfalfa is part of alfalfa.
Alfalfa is plants.
Alfalfa lacks sufficient ground cover.
Alfalfa nourishes the digestive, skeletal, glandular, and urinary systems.
Alfalfa preserves soil tilth, especially important for high-value sugar beet crops.
Alfalfa reduces risk of bloat.
Alfalfa responds economically to a phosphate rich soil.
Alfalfa stand establishment questions and answers.
Alfalfa stands like most other forage stands are thinned by overgrazing .
Alfalfa varieties Several ext.
Alfalfa works very well as an appetite stimulant in convalescent or thin animals.
Alfalfa works well in growing and breeding pens.
Alfalfa works well.
All alfalfa is direct seeded.
Most alfalfa is in the late bud stage.
Much alfalfa is ground as a meal used in feed mixes.
Some alfalfa is entirely too rich.
Some alfalfa is fine, and a good dietary addition.
Alfisol soil is soil that is found in humid temperatures in the regions of North America and Europe.
Alfred print has cloth bowtie applied.
Alfred students study lasers, photonics and other advanced glass applications.
Alfresco dining is available.
Alfresco dining is offered on the deck with barbecue fare, pasta dining, and a full bar.
Alfven waves tend to decrease the velocity difference between minor ions and protons.
Alga eaters require water.
Alga have green pigment chlorophyll for making food.
Alga isa microorganism.
Algas cause contamination.
Algas cause minor contamination.
Algas contain green pigment.
Algas contain other photosynthetic pigment.
Algas contain photosynthetic pigment.
Algas contain pigment.
Algas contain toxins.
Algas find in deep water.
Algas find in fresh water.
Algas find in freshwater lakes.
Algas find in lakes.
Algas find in ponds.
Algas find in tropical water.
Algas find in water.
Algas get sunshine.
Algas grow in diverse habitats.
Algas grow in fresh water.
Algas grow in habitats.
Algas grow in many diverse habitats.
Algas grow in marine water.
Algas grow in places.
Algas grow in ponds.
Algas grow in rivers.
Algas grow in water ponds.
Algas grow in water.
Algas grow on surfaces.
Algas grow on undersides.
Algas have (part) cell membranes.
Algas have (part) cells.
Algas have (part) corpi.
Algas have (part) cytoplasm.
Algas have (part) nuclei.
Algas have (part) plasma membranes.
Algas have (part) sections.
Algas have (part) vacuoles.
Algas have appendages.
Algas have chlorophyll.
Algas have green chlorophyll.
Algas have nutrients.
Algas have places.
Algas have types.
Algas have whiplike appendages.
Algas live in aquatic environments.
Algas live in environments.
Algas live in salt water.
Algas live in shallow water.
Algas live in water.
Algas look like plants.
Algas make food.
Algas occur in water.
Algas produce chemical compounds.
Algas produce compounds.
Algas produce oxygen.
Algas produce spores.
Algas produce toxic chemical compounds.
Algas produce toxic compounds.
Algas provide nutrients.
Algas undergo asexual reproduction.
Algas undergo reproduction.
Algas undergo sexual reproduction.
Algas use oxygen.
Some algas carry out photosynthesis.
Some algas have applications.
Some algas have cell walls.
Some algas have chloroplasts.
Some algas have commercial applications.
Some algas have high values.
Some algas have many applications.
Some algas have patterns.
Some algas have phases.
Some algas have pigment.
Some algas have ranges.
Some algas have reproduction.
Some algas have roots.
Some algas have thin blades.
Some algas have values.
Some algas have walls.
Some algas have whiplike tails.
Algae blooms are nitrogen sources from the water column faster than the algae.
Algae blooms are nothing new.
Algae blooms are one of the most common problems encountered by lake and pond owners.
Algae blooms Are responsible for oxygen deprivation killing of marine life.
Algae blooms are the result of excessive nutrients from fertilizers.
Algae blooms can also cause insect problems.
Algae blooms can also produce several types of shellfish toxins.
Algae blooms can be deadly to fish and plants.
Algae blooms can cause the suspended solids to increase quickly.
Algae blooms can occur when too much nitrogen and phosphorus enter a waterway.
Algae blooms can produce an unpleasant taste and odour in tap water.
Algae blooms can smother reefs and kill the coral.
Algae blooms can spread across hundreds or even thousands of miles.
Algae blooms contribute to beach closures in that blooms are a good place for bacteria to grow.
Algae blooms deplete oxygen supplies and block sunlight needed by aquatic plants and animals.
Algae blooms deplete the oxygen in the water, killing fish and other organisms.
Algae blooms deplete waterways of oxygen and cause fish kills.
Algae blooms form a mat along the lake bottom, rise to the surface, die, settle and decompose.
Algae blooms is a part of the natural annual cycle of the oceans and coastal regions.
Algae blooms occur regularly in summer causing turbidity.
Algae blooms vary seasonally and by region.
Algae eaters require well-oxygenated water, which they are accustomed to under natural conditions.
Algae farms are cool.
Algae scrubbers control the nutrient and oxygen levels.
Most algae supplements are produced under controlled laboratory conditions.
Algae begin grow within a matter of days when a wave of nutrients fills the Bay.
Algae begins to grow as soon as the water temperature in the pond rises.
Algae being simple, there are no specialised organs and cells.
Algae blocks sunlight, making it difficult for other harbor plants to grow.
Algae cause unsafe water turbidity and stain the pool shell.
Algae coats almost everything, from live coral to rubble on the reef crest.
Algae come in a variety of shapes and forms.
Algae come in three forms, unicellular, multicellular and colonial.
Algae compete with salmon for oxygen.
Algae contain chlorophyll but lack true stems, roots, leaves, and vascular tissue.
Algae contain the green pigment chlorophyll which absorbs and converts sunlight into energy.
Algae create oxygen atmosphere.
Algae depend on sunlight and pond water.
Algae differs from plants in their sex organs.
Algae eat nothing.
Algae encompasses a large group of organisms.
Algae exist in a wide variety of colors because they contain many kinds of pigments.
Algae feed the animals that make coral.
Algae form the foundation of most aquatic food webs, which support an abundance of animals.
Algae forms the broad base on which the food pyramids in ponds and lakes is built.
Algae get protection from ultraviolet light , which in some environments is quite significant .
Algae get protection from ultraviolet light, which in some environments is quite significant.
Algae grows because of an overload of available nutrients in the aquasystem.
Algae grows best in water with too much fish waste.
Algae grows in areas where circulation is poor.
Algae grows in dense, fibrous mats that can plug the distribution trays or piping.
Algae grows on rock boulders in intertidal zone.
Algae grows on the roughened carapace, causing it to look like an old, encrusted rock.
Algae grows on the turtle .
Algae gunks up everything.
Algae has (part) cell membranes.
Algae has (part) cells.
Algae has (part) corpi.
Algae has (part) cytoplasm.
Algae has (part) nuclei.
Algae has (part) plasma membranes.
Algae has (part) sections.
Algae has (part) vacuoles.
Algae helps manatees camouflage, or hide, in their environment.
Algae is a microorganism
Algae is aquatic organisms.
Algae is located in swimming pools.
Algae is located in water.
Algae is located in waterfalls.
Algae isa microorganism.
Algae lack true leaves, stems, and roots.
Algae lack true roots, stems, leaves, and flowers.
Algae live in fresh and salt water, in soil, sand and even snow.
Algae live in the cells of individual coral polyps and process their waste.
Algae live in the outer tissue of the coral.
Algae live inside corals.
Algae produce oxygen but also fill the pond with organic material as they die.
Algae produce oxygen during sunlight hours and use oxygen during the night hours.
Algae produce oxygen during the day through photosynthesis.
Algae produce oxygen, which is essential for bacteria to make the lagoon function properly.
Algae produce photosynthetic nutrients an receive inorganic nutrients.
Algae provide growth stimulation of legionella through substances produces by the algae.
Algae quickly overgrow the skeleton.
Algae releases oxygen into the water as it manufactures it food.
Algae serve as a source of food for fishes, aquatic and terrestrial animals and human beings.
Algae settles to the bottom.
Algae spreads quickly in warm, stagnant water.
Algae tend to be unicellular.
Algae turns a blue lake green and damages the lake s ecosystem.
Algae use ammonia readily when sunlight is available.
Algae use carbon dioxide and water to make sugars and oxygen.
Algae use the nutrients to grow.
Algae use the sun's energy, carbon dioxide and water to produce sugars to use for energy.
Algae vary from small, single-celled species to complex multicellular species, such as seaweeds.
Algae vary greatly in size and grow in many diverse habitats.
Algae often forms surface mats.
Algae often show alternation of generations.
All algae can reproduce asexually, but sexual reproduction can also occur in some species.
All algae can reproduce asexually.
All algae contain chlorophyll and live in the water.
All algae contain the green pigment chlorophyll.
All algae has mucilaginous sheath around it.
All algae have roots, stems, and leaves.
Many algae are cryptic for one significant reason, to avoid being eaten.
Many algae are single celled, however some species are multicellular.
Many algae are toxic to animals and humans.
Many algae are very attractive particularly if dark ground illumination is used.
Many algae incorporate both sexual and asexual modes of reproduction.
Many algae produce special cells called spores that are capable of growing into new individuals.
Most algae are able to make energy from sunlight, like plants do.
Most algae are able to use the sun's energy to make their own food.
Most algae are aquatic.
Most algae are harmless and are an important part of the food web.
Most algae have no such specialization of cells, all cells are alike.
Most algae have two recognisable phases - the sporophyte and the gametophyte.
Most algae is carried into the lakes by wind blown soil.
Most algae live off sunlight through photosynthesis, but some live off organic matter like bacteria.
Some algae also inhabit shoreline zones.
Some algae also produce toxins harmful to fish, wildlife and humans.
Some algae are a source of antibiotics.
Some algae are chemoheterotrophs.
Some algae are found as coloured patches on areas of permanent snow.
Some algae are parasites, living in or on another organism from which they get their food.
Some algae are protists , if they are single-celled .
Some algae are protists, if they are single-celled.
Some algae are single cell plants.
Some algae are symbiotic, living on or within animals, fungi or other plants and some are parasitic.
Some algae are unicellular and are therefore found among the protists.
Some algae are unicellular while others are multicellular .
Some algae are unicellular while some others are multi-cellular.
Some algae can calcify, secreting skeletons composed of calcium carbonate.
Some algae can grow on rocks, soil or vegetation as long as there is enough moisture.
Some algae can produce hydrocarbons.
Some algae develop in the form of blooms.
Some algae grow in colonies resembling plants.
Some algae have chloroplasts resulting form a endosymbiosis of a photosynthetic eukaryote.
Some algae have specialized pigments that absorbs the other colors of light.
Some algae is beneficial.
Some algae produces toxins.
Algal ancestors have alternation.
Most algal ancestors have alternation.
Algal biomass increases rapidly and levels off after about a month.
Algal biomass is often indicative of the trophic status of a water body.
Algal bloom leads to loss of species diversity which is known as .
Algal blooms are a chronic problem for marine farming worldwide.
Algal blooms are a classic symptom of cultural eutrophication.
Algal blooms are caused by a. high nutrient concentrations.
Algal blooms are caused when excessive amounts of nutrients enter slow-moving bodies of water.
Algal blooms are common to surface water supplies in warm weather climate states like Texas.
Algal blooms are frequently the result of nutrient pollution resulting from human activities.
Algal blooms are most common in late summer and early fall.
Algal blooms are natural phenomena, and an integral component of marine productivity.
Algal blooms are one common source of thick sea foams.
Algal blooms are one of the more insidious consequences of eutrophication.
Algal blooms are routine.
Algal blooms are the result of excess phytoplankton spawned by the nutrient loaded waters.
Algal blooms are the uncontrolled growth of one or more species of algae.
Algal blooms can adversely affect water quality.
Algal blooms can also cause other problems besides toxicity.
Algal blooms can also cause toxicity, taste, and odor problems.
Algal blooms can also turn the water green, reduce water transparency and create odour problems.
Algal blooms can be detrimental to fish and other aquatic organisms.
Algal blooms can block the sunlight and nutrients to submerged plants.
Algal blooms can contribute to turbidity.
Algal blooms can greatly reduce water clarity under certain conditions.
Algal blooms can kill fish, cause the water to be toxic, and make water taste bad.
Algal blooms can present problems for ecosystems and human society.
Algal blooms can reduce oxygen levels in the water, leading to fish and other animal kills.
Algal blooms can strip life-supporting oxygen from the lake.
Algal blooms cloud the water and reduce the amount of sunlight reaching Bay grasses.
Algal blooms color the water a pea-soup green and are a classic symptom of cultural eutrophication.
Algal blooms deplete oxygen levels, cause bacterial problems, and cause foul tasting drinking water.
Algal blooms follow, which deplete the water of oxygen.
Algal blooms occur and have definite adverse affects on fish populations and their reproduction.
Algal blooms occur yearly and the aging process is progressing steadily.
Algal blooms prevent light from reaching submerged vegetation, causing it to die off.
Algal blooms produce poisons that paralyse and kill fish.
Algal blooms reduce the photosynthetic ability of sea plants.
Algal blooms tend to give the epilimnion a greenish hue.
Algal communities are one of most sensitive and well understood indicators of water quality.
Algal competitors interfere with coral reproduction by competing for substrate.
Some algal concentration varies throughout years.
Algal content is high.
Algal culture is the culturing of algae in ponds or other resources.
Algal diversity can also be quite high in mangrove environments.
Algal enzyme can speed up rate at which plants make food.
Some algal groups contain other structural substances than cellulose.
Algal growth is calculated as the product of the density and the growth rate.
Algal growth is sustained until the barrage is flushed with the next flood.
Algal growth stops bottom living plants and exposes the banks to greater erosion.
Algal microfossils provide high temporal resolution of environmental trends.
Algal oil is extracted from the biomass by methods described herein.
Algal particles scatter some light, but mostly they strongly absorb red and blue light.
Some algal partners make food.
Some algal partners provide hosts.
Algal photosynthesis is the key element in the ecology of an aerobic stabilization pond.
Algal photosynthesis oxygenates all waters.
Algal productivity is measured by noting how fast the lake's algae sop up carbon.
Algal protists produce oxygen.
Most algal protists produce oxygen.
Algal species are included in three eukaryote supergroups.
Many algal species have life cycles consisting of alternating haploid and diploid generations.
Some algal species can also produce chemicals that are toxic to humans and aquatic life.
Some algal species can reproduce by more than one means depending upon the environmental conditions.
Algal spores survive digestion.
Most algal spores survive digestion.
Algarve car hire.
Algarve heaters are easy to use and install.
Algebra tiles can be very beneficial in helping students to understand algebraic concepts.
Algebra is academic discipline.
Algebra is science
Algebras are geometric facts which are proved.
Some algebra appears.
Some algebra is needed.
Some algebra is preferred.
Some algebra save serious because entire, and type behave few.
Every algebraic extension is an isomorphism.
Some algebraic surfaces have rational parametric forms such as spheres and all quadric surfaces.
Algebraists are books.
Algebraists are mathematicians.
Algebraists do it by symbolic manipulation.
Algebraists do it in a field.
Algebraists do it in a ring.
Algebraists do it in fields.
Algebraists do it in groups.
Algebraists do it on field trips.
Algebraists do it with homomorphisms.
Algebraists do it with multiple roots.
Algebraists do it with rings.
An algebraist is a mathematician
Alger county boasts over a dozen waterfalls, glorious in summer, breathtaking in winter.
Alger county offers some of the most scenic waterfalls in the United States.
Algeria is part of Africa.
Algeria isa thing.
Some Algerian cooks steam the couscous a third time.
Algerian cuisine is rich and diverse.
Algerian cuisine varies from one region to another, according to seasonal vegetables.
Algerian ivy needs more moisture than English ivy.
Algerian law prohibits foreign firms from using commercial agents to bid on government tenders.
Algerian observers point out the dismal government record with past commissions of inquiry.
Algerian officials can be polite, well dressed, and speak five languages.
Algerian officials insist that the impact was less severe in their country.
Algerian officials point to the timing of the attacks as evidence of religious extremism.
Algerian officials say that conflict resolution has been at the heart of discussions.
Algerian oil has a delicate odor.
Algerian oilfields produce high quality light crude oils with very low sulphur and mineral contents.
Algerian owner plays lovely French music and makes excellent espresso.
Algerian players fear their nation has been tarnished by fans who invaded the pitch in Paris.
Many Algerian ports prosper from income from sea piracy.
Algerian TV broadcasts mainly in French and Arabic.
Algerian variety is most common in California.
Algerian women have strict social and dress codes.
All Algerian women wear the veil.
Alginic acid controls bleeding.
Alginic acid creates a foam barrier between the stomach and the esophagus.
Alginic acid is a linear polysaccharide made from two different monomer subunits.
Alginic acid is a type of dietary fiber that can be used to help relieve constipation and diarrhea .
Alginic acid is chemical compounds.
Alginic acid is gum
Alginic acid is obtained from brown algae.
Alginic acid is one of the main constituents in bladderwrack.
Alginic acid is used in ice cream as a smoothener.
Alginic acid reacts with saliva to produce a foamy froth that layers on the liquid in the stomach.
Alginic acids are commercially important in the production of rubber and textiles.
Algorithms are a collection of effects with the parameters available for each effect.
Algorithms are a part of life.
Algorithms are abstractions without any purpose.
Algorithms are accessible through uniform interfaces in all open languages.
Algorithms are also dynamic, changing state while carrying out operations.
Algorithms are always formal, that is, symbolic.
Algorithms are certain general mathematical processes, which say how to encrypt a given text.
Algorithms are common in the real world.
Algorithms are deliberative.
Algorithms are fast and dependable.
Algorithms are fundamental to computer science and software engineering.
Algorithms are information.
Algorithms are integral to enabling machines to deliver sustained performance.
Algorithms are just standard subroutines operating on arrays storing the images.
Algorithms are like ants in an ant colony, each doing one small job well.
Algorithms are limited.
Algorithms are many, variable, and diverse.
Algorithms are mathematical programs that make the decisions for a machine to perform tasks.
Algorithms are mathematical techniques or rules that apply a cryptographic service to a message.
Algorithms are mathematical, problem-solving procedures.
Algorithms are precise procedures for calculating a result from specific starting states.
Algorithms are procedures that have a determinate outcome.
Algorithms are reverse-engineered so they can be studied and understood.
Algorithms are rule-based systems.
Algorithms are rules.
Algorithms are sets of instructions for completing tasks.
Algorithms are sets of instructions that allow computers to perform specific tasks.
Algorithms are small, fast, and very accurate.
Algorithms are steps of instructions describing how to complete a task , such as solving a problem .
Algorithms are steps of instructions describing how to complete a task, such as solving a problem.
Algorithms are the basic building blocks of the discipline.
Algorithms are the mathematical core of software.
Algorithms are the methods by which a computer performs certain tasks.
Algorithms are the only possible solution.
Algorithms are thus divorced from tests and can be changed without changing the test.
Algorithms are tools for solving problems.
Algorithms are under development that use multichannel data to detect smoke from biomass burning.
Algorithms are under development to find and characterize objects of interest.
Algorithms are used for software.
Algorithms are useful for making doctors thorough.
Algorithms are very useful in mathematics.
Algorithms are what computers do.
Algorithms consider both physical constraints of metal cutting principles and geometric constraints.
Algorithms differ in how they manage the free list.
Algorithms do exist, but large, bulky, and slow.
Algorithms exist for many purposes and are expressed in many different ways.
Algorithms have a probabilistic solution.
Algorithms have to be designed to address the complexity and real-time implementation issues.
Algorithms have to select a model from a large set of potential interpretations of the data.
Algorithms inform community residents about redevelopment decisions impacts.
Algorithms involve astrodynamics, celestial mechanics, orbital mechanics.
Algorithms lie at the very core of computing.
Algorithms never survive the first thirty seconds of patient contact.
Algorithms performing the same operation using different representations have different behaviours.
Algorithms predate computers and are a mathematical entity, just like theorems.
Algorithms serve as a unifying theme in the multi-disciplinary field of robotics.
Algorithms specify either worst-case or average case performance, and identify which.
Algorithms use either theoretical or empirically measured approximation of point spread function.
Algorithms vary on both the speeding up and slowing down details.
An algorithm is a formula
Algorithms usually operate on blocks having a predefined size.
All algorithms are available.
All algorithms assume no finite-length decoding window.
All algorithms discussed are adaptive and have their tests divided into two phases.
All algorithms do well for parameter estimation, but the estimates are biased.
All algorithms do well in three different methods to show the mixture is from two populations.
All algorithms have form-based user interface.
All algorithms have the following properties.
All algorithms read the bits of the multiplier from the high order to the low order bit.
All algorithms run in linear time.
All algorithms use an independent test set for the first test phase.
Every algorithm has as an instance variable a graphWindow.
Every algorithm is given in pseudo-code.
Many algorithms are available.
Many algorithms are faster for special ag groups than for arbitrary ag groups.
Many algorithms are well documented, some with source code available in textbooks.
Many algorithms assume that the input data is sorted.
Many algorithms exist that can be used to determine the wind field using spaced receiving arrays .
Many algorithms exist that perform supervised training.
Many algorithms make some use of a tree or phylogeny in the construction of the alignment.
Many algorithms operate on a range of elements within a container.
More algorithms are under development.
Most algorithms also require inputs from several time frames.
Most algorithms give similar performance.
Most algorithms perform well for simple image sequences.
Most algorithms use some deviation of morphological thinning.
Most algorithms use some kind of iteration or recursion to solve a problem.
Some algorithms allow a curve to be expressed precisely, so that any point along it can be known.
Some algorithms are more efficient than others.
Some algorithms are more favorable than others when seeking export approval.
Some algorithms are only unstable for a few choices of initial data, and are otherwise stable.
Some algorithms are polytypic by nature.
Some algorithms are strong because they are of a strong type of algorithm.
Some algorithms can bound the area of the drawing, or the number of bends.
Some algorithms can perform all three functions and some can perform only one.
Some algorithms do some transformation on the data itself in order to do operations more easily.
Some algorithms have capabilities that defy their otherwise dull names.
Some algorithms have problems dealing with missing values.
Some algorithms reduce packet header size while others condense data within packets.
Some algorithms require careful analysis by a mathematician in order to obtain satisfactory results.
Some algorithms use a different encryption key and decryption key.
Some algorithms use a special type of binary predicate that compares two elements.
Some algorithms used to solve differential equations use finite element methods.
Some algorithms written by graduate students are available for binary CSPs.
Some algorithmic analysis is included.
Algorithmic analysts do it with a combinatorial explosion.
Algorithmic approach is based on simulation methods.
Algorithmic aspects are of particular interest.
Algorithmic complexity is a tool for analyzing the efficiency of algorithms.
Algorithmic composition can relate either to tone generation, or to score generation.
Algorithmic concepts are easier to exposit and understand where unnecessary detail can be omitted.
Algorithmic fluency is only one of the many skills required of computer programmers.
Algorithmic improvements are often among the most important.
Algorithmic problem solving using principles of structured programming and object oriented design.
Algorithmic processing is step-by step, requires attention.
Algorithmic techniques employed include variations of dynamic programming and forward induction.
Algorithmic techniques vary widely across routines.
Alhough length can sometimes be an indicator of effort, scholarship is measured differently.
Aliant companies provide wireless and wireline phone services, including local and long-distance.
Aliases also work as a distribution list to send e-mail.
Aliases also work the other way around.
Aliases are a convenient way of simplifying commonly used commands and or switches.
Aliases are a powerful system of mail delivery in qmail.
Aliases are a way of making one email account seem like many.
Aliases are additional addreses that point at existing POP accounts.
Aliases are additional email addresses that simply redirect to an existing mailbox.
Aliases are alternate e-mail addresses for the same mailbox.
Aliases are basically just a pointer to another file.
Aliases are easily identifiable by their italicized type.
Aliases are easy to create.
Aliases are frequently shorter and easier to remember than the person's real name.
Aliases are in-game efficiency's pot of gold.
Aliases are lots of fun too.
Aliases are most frequently the letter symbol for the particular direction.
Aliases are names.
Aliases are other names by which a host is known.
Aliases are other names under which a network is known.
Aliases are pass , permit , and accept .
Aliases are quite simple.
Aliases are short cuts of long commands.
Aliases are shortcuts to other records - individual contacts, groups, or other aliases.
Aliases are simply abbreviations for commands.
Aliases are television shows.
Aliases are the actual e-mail addresses.
Aliases are useful for constructing mailing lists, forwarding mail, and synonyms for user names.
Aliases are useful for indicating a range of services that refer to the same physical servers.
Aliases are video games.
Aliases are wonderful things.
Aliases basically turn sessions into little daemons.
Aliases can also imply a superior and professional company image.
Aliases can also make changing directories and other commands less cumbersome.
Aliases can also supply file suffixes without renaming the original files.
Aliases can also take parameters .
Aliases can be in a different language, providing a short cut for editing in a foreign language.
Aliases can be setup by creating a virtual mailbox.
Aliases can be tremendously useful for businesses.
Aliases can be up to sixteen characters long.
Aliases can point to any directory that user nobody has access to.
Aliases can point to other aliases.
Aliases can serve many useful purposes, besides the obvious one of concealing one's identity.
Aliases can span any mounted volume at any folder depth.
Aliases can use pipes , semicolons and other command separators.
Aliases defined by devalias are temporary and are lost after a power cycle or system reset.
Aliases have another benefit because of their logical rather than physical nature.
Aliases make it easier to move services such as Web servers to other hosts.
Aliases now have no limit.
Aliases only affect the current table and only apply to the present project.
Aliases only apply to the cd command.
Aliases permit the association of multiple names to a single host.
Aliases provide a means of shortening the name of a command or sequence of commands.
Aliases serve as login names for the directory service, mail storage, and mail home.
Aliases simplify maintenance of large address books.
Aliases specify the location of database tables and connection parameters for database servers.
An alias is a name
All aliases have names in italics .
All aliases have to be resolved through a gatekeeper.
Aliased energy tends to stay in place.
Aliased frequencies enable the discrimination of compound grating in peripheral vision.
Aliased frequencies enable the discrimination of compound gratings in peripehral vision.
Aliased views are the ones that can be designated by an access value.
An alibi is defense
Alibi always needs staff members.
Alief principals can view all completed application documents via our applicant database.
Some alien aliens have appearances.
Alien beings have atomic blaster death cannons.
Alien beings have nuclear blaster death cannons.
Most alien cuts heal very rapidly, but they do come in all types and sizes.
All alien pictures have fast thumbnails, no consoles, no frames, no ads.
Some alien plants reduce human efficiency through allergies and poisoning.
Alien Resurrection is pretty much just a bad film.
Alien species tend to fit the food chain poorly both upwards and downwards.
Alien species threaten our environment and livelihoods in many ways.
Any alien species can pose a threat to native wildlife.
Many alien species are valuable to humans, and are cornerstones of economic activities.
Some alien speech is excellent.
Many alien visitors are different colors, sizes, shapes.
Alien creatures New worlds.
Alien isa intruder.
Aliens also become unobservant and have trouble reading labels.
Aliens also have the benefit of hiding in one of the four ceiling recesses in the pit room.
Aliens apparently steal the energy from living things on Earth.
Aliens appear and deal out damage swiftly and mercilessly.
Aliens appear frequently, but are always clearly intended as metaphors for the human condition.
Aliens appear in almost every scene.
Aliens appear onscreen.
Aliens are a part of our living culture.
Aliens are a safe outlet for a lot of anger and fear.
Aliens are about to attack.
Aliens are alive, and they play volleyball.
Aliens are always curious about Earth's creatures.
Aliens are any species that is moved out of their natural range.
Aliens are as different as people.
Aliens are behind humans in the field of insect repellent technology.
Aliens are being.
Aliens are certainly all the rage.
Aliens are cool, but they can be scary.
Aliens are cross-breeding their DNA with insects.
Aliens are depicted as eusocial life-forms with a defined caste system which is ruled by a queen .
Aliens are detailed to the last drop with scaly skin and swinging tentacles.
Aliens are either alien friends or alien enemies.
Aliens are even more stupid.
Aliens Are Everywhere.
Aliens are extremly well built, and dont show edges while moving.
Aliens are fine tuning a weapon on an asteroid.
Aliens are fun to write about.
Aliens are good, they're so technical.
Aliens are just like Hollywood executives.
Aliens are just the beginning.
Aliens are just the last in a long line of apocalyptic myths that accompany comets.
Aliens are just too stupid for words to express.
Aliens are like people in that respect.
Aliens are located in outer space.
Aliens are located in space.
Aliens are located in universes.
Aliens are much more than a nose or face ridge.
Aliens are on TV and on T-shirts.
Aliens are one possible reason.
Aliens are people who have emigrated from a foreign country.
Aliens are people, too.
Aliens are people.
Aliens are real and the government knows they are present on our earth.
Aliens are really cool.
Aliens are really ugly, highly-advanced midgets from Finland.
Aliens are remarkably inarticulate.
Aliens are simply beings from other planets who are more technologically advanced than earthlings.
Aliens are software.
Aliens are stupid.
Aliens are subject to deportation and exclusion from entry.
Aliens are subject to disabilities, have rights, as well as duties.
Aliens are the only species in the game that attack in large droves.
Aliens are totally evil.
Aliens are unbelievably stupid.
Aliens arrive here by ship or plane.
Aliens arrive to plunder the earth.
Aliens arriving without documents or with false documents are subject to summary exclusion.
Aliens attack Earth.
Aliens become believable, and wounds and scars more effective.
Aliens blow up our cities.
Aliens can alter our perceptions of our surroundings.
Aliens can assume human form.
Aliens can make a woman pregnant through their palms.
Aliens can wreak economic havoc, too.
Aliens come down from the top of the screen, occasionally dropping bombs.
Aliens come in a huge planetary size home that is one quarter the diameter of the moon.
Aliens come to Earth as a barren, lifeless planet and plant the seed of life, so to speak.
Aliens come to life from the movies.
Aliens come to take over earth, and their plans leave no room for the humans.
Aliens conquer the Earth.
Aliens conquer the world.
Aliens do exist.
Aliens do have intelligence.
Aliens enjoy some constitutional protections, regardless of their status.
Aliens even snort and harrumph telepathically.
Aliens exist because they have become a word in our vocabulary.
Aliens exist only in mythology.
Aliens explode all fissionable material and establish weird cities on Earth.
Aliens fade away when dead.
Aliens fascinate because they are strange.
Aliens fight aliens.
Aliens have (part) arms.
Aliens have (part) body substances.
Aliens have (part) cell membranes.
Aliens have (part) cells.
Aliens have (part) corpi.
Aliens have (part) cytoplasm.
Aliens have (part) heads.
Aliens have (part) human bodies.
Aliens have (part) legs.
Aliens have (part) material bodies.
Aliens have (part) necks.
Aliens have (part) nuclei.
Aliens have (part) personality.
Aliens have (part) plasma membranes.
Aliens have (part) sections.
Aliens have (part) vacuoles.
Aliens have a large glass pipette for a reproductive organ.
Aliens have big heads and glowing fingers, or crinkled skin draped over massive foreheads.
Aliens have billions and billions of channels.
Aliens have families.
Aliens have finger saws.
Aliens have low sperm counts.
Aliens have no tinny walkman, they glue speakers direct on giant bald egg heads.
Aliens have odd shaped heads, And they have more than one eye.
Aliens have rich dream lives, in which they dream vivid, color images.
Aliens have terrible taste.
Aliens have the full right to liberty and security of the person.
Aliens have traffic jams covered.
Aliens hear it a few years later.
Aliens hear old tunage, puke out all kidneys from ear-pain.
Aliens invade Earth and destroy the bulk of mankind as well as civilization.
Aliens invade Earth in flying saucers.
Aliens invade, monsters stalk, comets crash, the world ends with one bang after another.
Aliens kidnap Manhattan.
Aliens kill crew.
Aliens kill lots.
Aliens kill some pirates.
Aliens leap out of vents,they hide under desks,they duck behind corners.
Aliens like to blow up significant land marks first.
Aliens like to cop a feel when killing a girl.
Aliens live a long time.
Aliens live in hive societies dominated by an egg-laying queen.
Aliens look just like Earthlings.
Aliens looks at planet Earth, our solar system and what lies beyond.
Aliens make a surprise visit occasionally to test the water.
Aliens make potato chips with healthy plastic fat.
Aliens make predictions of an imminent period of global chaos and destruction.
Aliens make sporting equipment from compressed dung.
Aliens never hijack PhD candidates or politicians.
Aliens offers to eliminate almost all types of pests using organic products.
Aliens pass through areas.
Aliens present themselves as the saviors of humanity.
Aliens ranks up there too.
Aliens really are cool.
Aliens receive the benefit of the right of peaceful assembly and of freedom of association.
Aliens regularly visit Earth, and are in contact with high government officials.
Aliens return to earth, to collect some left behind cocoons of their people.
Aliens run the place and patronize it.
Aliens seeking to visit the United States obtain their nonimmigrant visa at consular offices abroad.
Aliens seem to absorb atoms to 'eat'.
Aliens sound like aliens, and reloading sounds like a reload.
Aliens spawn from eggs, which regrow after an alien emerges.
Aliens start at the bottom of the screen in the pink sections.
Aliens take control of the ship's computer.
Aliens take control of the ship'scomputer.
Aliens takes place a half-century after the events in Alien .
Aliens talk in fast forward.
Aliens tend to blow up a lot when killed, and their bodies melt away in seconds.
Aliens then receive a deportation hearing conducted by an immigration judge.
Aliens threaten to take over by replacing people with pod-grown duplicates.
Aliens try to control other cultures on some sort of bad STAR TREK desert-scape.
Aliens use specific procedures for the particular visa sought.
Aliens use the bodies of the dead to become their murdering, zombie slaves.
Aliens use the same helmets worn by jet fighter pilots in the air force.
Aliens watch spaceships land.
Aliens Welcome back to the Web Site of The Alien Soccer Team.
An alien is a traveler
Aliens often arrive in cigar-shaped space ships.
Aliens often exhibit inappropriate senses of humor.
All aliens are scum, in other words - an observation with crucial implications.
All aliens look exactly like humans.
All aliens placed in deportation proceedings have a right to a hearing before an immigration judge.
All aliens welcome, legal, illegal, and space.
Any alien can mean any alien.
Any alien receiving a payment from the university is required to have an identification number.
Every alien has a unique power that allows the player to break one rule of the game all the time.
Many aliens are humanoid, and, indeed, are indistinguishable from members of our own species.
Many aliens can become citizens by following certain rules and procedures.
Many aliens eventually become naturalized, like potatoes and tomatoes.
Most aliens are easy to dodge and strafing works best for taking down most group encounters.
Most aliens do have intelligence.
Most aliens have families.
Most aliens pass through areas.
Most aliens remain in detention while their cases are pending.
Most aliens ultimately return to their country of origin.
Some aliens are helpful and want to assist mankind in the tumultuous times ahead.
Some aliens carry the boxes away.
Some Aliens come to Earth, during the Neolithic, to know more about life.
Some aliens float through walls and others walk in through open doors.
Some aliens fly together in a formation making a cool jet sound.
Some aliens have appearances.
Some aliens have skin that glows in the dark.
Some aliens just like to wallow in misery.
Some aliens leave earth.
Some aliens look like robots, metal objects, or animals.
Some aliens provide food.
Some aliens receive nutrients from basking in the Sun.
Some aliens wear wigs.
Alienated artists run rampant in a dark, bleak, depressing view of the near future.
Alienated employees do damage inside and outside schools.
Alienated mediations weaken people by making themselves indispensable.
Alienation also plays a powerful role in misguided patient behavior.
Alienation can reach the point where there is no choice but suicide or revolt.
Alienation creates boundaries.
Alienation directly affects our state of health mind, body and soul.
Alienation drives the principle motivation, the organizing energies in a democracy.
Alienation eventually leads to anger, withdrawal, depression and defeat.
Alienation includes, for example, transfers by way of assignment, sale, and gift.
Alienation is a byproduct of isolation.
Alienation is a key contributing factor in the high dropout rates.
Alienation is a major theme in the novel.
Alienation is a more limited term referring to the transfer of income without transfering source.
Alienation is actions.
Alienation is an important cause of the disintegration of societies.
Alienation is dislike
Alienation is easy.
Alienation is fundamental to our make-up and is the single greatest cause of human suffering.
Alienation is how people understand themselves in relation to their entire society .
Alienation is how people understand themselves in relation to their entire society.
Alienation is increase by a cultural emphasis on competitive materialism over cooperation.
Alienation is increased in societies which have oppressed minorities.
Alienation is isolation.
Alienation is just around the corner.
Alienation is old news.
Alienation is one of the biggest problems facing today's Jewish children.
Alienation is one of the most influential forces that cause individuals to leave the community.
Alienation is removed, but complementarity is preserved for life process.
Alienation is serious business.
Alienation is the bane of the post-modern world.
Alienation is the child of cultural invasion-which is born of the underpinning of a culture.
Alienation is the daily rationed bread.
Alienation is the keyword here.
Alienation is the normal method of people relating today.
Alienation is the point where people give up their human, subjective qualities for material needs.
Alienation is the precursor to persecution.
Alienation is the result of sin in our lives, and it dominates our existence.
Alienation is the usual and normal state of middle-class white American adolescents.
Alienation is too widespread and runs too deep.
Alienation is transfers.
Alienation is, however, far more than boredom at work.
Alienation leads to conflict, graffiti, vandalism, mugging, theft etc.
Alienation never takes such firm root as when it passes itself off as an inalienable good.
Alienation occurs when title to a property passes to another party, such as when a property is sold.
Alienation serves a purpose of preserving identity, control, and power.
Alienation tend to increase as interaction between different culture and languages increased.
Align expansion fittings to avoid end-loading and torsional stress.
Aligned effort can surmount chaos and entropy without force.
Aligned organizations inspire innovation, build trust, and produce results.
Aligned particles produce an unpolarized component when the particles have a variety of shapes.
Aligned sequences are available from the authors upon request.
Aligned spells attract.
Alignment programs introduce gaps into sequences to maximize identities across sites.
Alignment allows our customers to achieve the potential gains which web technologies make possible.
Alignment applies to complete paragraphs.
Alignment attributes for individual cells override any attributes specified for the row as a whole.
Alignment can be to a particular baseline, or to the absolute top or bottom of a line.
Alignment can be tricky with the wide variation in fonts, computers, and printers available today.
Alignment consists of maximizing the beam intensity.
Alignment controls only . .
Alignment controls the way text appears.
Alignment creates a sense of unity and makes the page easier to read.
Alignment creates great character motivation and inner conflict.
Alignment depends on communication, and communication is often elusive.
Alignment describes the alignment process from start to finish, including extensive field data.
Alignment describes the position of the text on the line.
Alignment ensures responsiveness.
Alignment exists between curricula, instruction, and assessment.
Alignment experience an asset.
Alignment fixes for picky architectures Removed dependency on native headers for packet dissectors.
Alignment focuses on the linkages between business and IT strategy and infrastructure.
Alignment follows awareness.
Alignment includes translation and rotation.
Alignment involves adjusting the wheels to certain specifications so they track in a straight line.
Alignment is a key factor for success.
Alignment is a key property of successful design.
Alignment is a measure of the rectilinear characteristics of a transportation route.
Alignment is a multi-step process.
Alignment is a placement
Alignment is a powerful device for creating order.
Alignment is a problem and it just looks plain awkward.
Alignment is a process undertaken at the local level.
Alignment is a snap, and no special tools or instruments are needed.
Alignment is a spatio-temporal attachment and subjective access.
Alignment is a visual technique.
Alignment is adjustment.
Alignment is analogous to what a sailor does with a sail boat.
Alignment is as for structs.
Alignment is characteristic of a developed teaching system .
Alignment is complete.
Alignment is consistent from one observing session to another.
Alignment is critical.
Alignment is divided into two sets of attitudes.
Alignment is easy but a trial run is recommended.
Alignment is easy with the reamed orientation holes in the base.
Alignment is easy, using parallel and perpendicular lines.
Alignment is everything.
Alignment is exquisite.
Alignment is factory set and tested.
Alignment is fairly self explanatory.
Alignment is important to firms for many reasons.
Alignment is impossible under such conditions.
Alignment is in 'raw' format.
Alignment is in the planning stage.
Alignment is necessary to transmit it.
Alignment is normal throughout the spine and lower limbs.
Alignment is normal.
Alignment is often poor in inexpensive binoculars initially, and deteriorates rapidly with use.
Alignment is placements.
Alignment is positioning.
Alignment is proper position and spacing between the riders.
Alignment is set to left aligned.
Alignment is simple and as soon as the laser is switched on, it draws a line on the target label.
Alignment is simple using features of the aircraft that are already in place.
Alignment is super easy to do.
Alignment is then complete.
Alignment is to the Internet and connectivity what business process reengineering is to computing.
Alignment is two or more yards off the line of scrimmage.
Alignment is unchanged.
Alignment is usually a fundamental objective of any orthodontic treatment plan.
Alignment means pointing people in the right direction.
Alignment objects Sequence alignment is the most important tool for comparing similar sequences.
Alignment occurs at the beginning of the csect.
Alignment only has effect if the size of the box is greater than the widget's maximum size.
Alignment produces harmony, and harmony produces great outcomes.
Alignment provides organization.
Alignment refers to the angle between the groove direction and an edge of the grating substrate.
Alignment refers to the position of the wheels of the vehicle relative to each other and the ground.
Alignment refers to the table's position on a page.
Alignment simply means that items on the page are lined up with each other.
Alignment simply means that things are in a straight line.
Alignments are menhirs placed in parallel lines.
Alignments are no more forever than tune ups are.
Alignments grow, secondary structure prediction improves.
Alignments looks lighthearted and modelesque.
Alignments represent power moving in one's life.
Alignments seen from the earth are common alignments that differ only in how 'compact' they are.
Alignments take specialized equipment and tools as well as experience of working on cars.
Alignments used for analysis are available upon request from the authors.
All alignment marks on basic.dwg are blocks.
Some alignments can correspond to more than one path through the lattice.
Some alignments occur through chance, but several leys seem statistically significant.
Alimentary expression includes the foregut and hindgut imaginal rings, and midgut imaginal islands.
Alimentary infection is caused by bacteria.
Alimentary infection is caused by positive bacteria.
Most alimentary infection is caused by bacteria.
Most alimentary infection is caused by positive bacteria.
Alimentary lipemia is enhanced in fiber-fed rats.
Alimentary system has an expanded stomach, pancreatic primordia and a gall bladder.
Alimentary tract infection is caused by bacteria.
Alimentary tract infection is caused by positive bacteria.
Alimony ceases upon the remarriage of the spouse receiving it.
Alimony excludes one-time property settlements.
Alimony is a payment
Alimony is deductible by the payer and income to the recipient.
Alimony is deductible by the payer and taxable to the recipient, while child support is neither.
Alimony is includible in the gross income of the recipient.
Alimony is payment by one spouse to the other for the other's support and maintenance.
Alimony is periodic payments from one former spouse for the support of the other former spouse.
Alimony stops when the receiving spouse remarries unless otherwise agreed Like child support.
Aliphatic amines are strong bases with examples of lower molecular mass soluble in water.
Aliphatic amines yield a blue precipitate.
Aliphatic carbons have charges of zero.
Aliphatic hydrocarbons are easier to degrade than aromatic compounds.
Aliphatic hydrocarbons have the principal carbon atoms arranged in chains.
Alive beings take one of informational structures as their requirements.
Alive conferences are perfect for men s retreats, leadership training and men s outreach events.
Alive corals are colonies of small animals embedded in calcium carbonate shells.
Alive Students organize world's largest environmental law conference.
Aliwanyag beach is a little way off the beaten track.
Alkali burns are the most dangerous.
Alkali chemicals penetrate the cuticle and damage it to some extent.
Alkali cooking improves both water uptake and starch gelatinization.
Alkali cordgrass is an excellent grass for erosion control along rivers and streams.
Alkali disease is more chronic than blind staggers, often taking years to manifest itself.
Alkali feldspar is usually untwinned orthoclase.
All alkali feldspars contain potassium and most contain sodium.
Alkali flies provide more fat and protein than the brine shrimp.
Alkali Lake is south of Williams Lake.
Alkali Lake takes on characteristics of a saline desert playa during warm, hot seasons.
Alkali metal has applications.
Alkali metal has density.
Alkali metal has different applications.
Alkali metal has low density.
Alkali metal has many applications.
Alkali metal has many different applications.
Alkali metal has properties.
Alkali metal is metal
Alkali metal is metallic elements.
Alkali metals are powerful reducing agents and form univalent compounds.
Alkali metals are the first group in the periodic table .
Alkali metals are the first group in the periodic table.
Alkali metals can explode if they are exposed to water.
Alkali metals react violently with water and produce heat and hydrogen gas that flames easily.
Alkali metals react violently with water, halogens, and acids.
All alkali metals react vigorously with water.
Many alkali metals are important in medicine and diet.
Most alkali metal has applications.
Most alkali metal has density.
Most alkali metal has different applications.
Most alkali metal has low density.
Most alkali metal has many applications.
Most alkali metal has many different applications.
Most alkali metal has properties.
Most alkali metals have many different applications.
Alkali isa compound.
Alkalies also have a tendency to darken aluminum surfaces.
Alkalies are soluble salts that are effective in removing dirt without excessive rubbing.
Alkalies become less alkaline when they are combined with acids.
Alkalies change the color of litmus from red to blue.
Alkalies even reverse the change in color that occurs when litmus comes in contact with an acid.
Alkalies feel slippery.
Alkalies form a cloudy solution.
Alkalies have a corrosive or irritating effect on living tissue.
Alkalies have a tendency to darken aluminum surfaces.
Alkalies penetrate the skin slowly.
Alkalies readily combine with it.
Alkalies readily remove oily dirt.
Alkalis are a type of base.
Alkalis are also compounds that react and neutralise acids.
Alkalis are bases that dissolve in water.
Alkalis are corrosive.
Alkalis are often present in phosphor inks to prevent polymerization prior to the printing.
Alkalis are salt.
Alkalis are the opposite of acids.
Alkalis attack it only slowly.
Alkalis can burn skin, eyes and respiratory tract severely.
Alkalis can damage skin and fabrics, corrode and darken aluminum.
Alkalis cause the most severe injury due to rapid tissue penetration.
Alkalis have high pH's.
An alkali is a compound
Some alkalies cause burns.
Some alkalies cause skin burns.
Some alkalies destroy live tissue.
Some alkalies destroy tissue.
Some alkalies produce enzymes.
Some alkalies promote health.
Alkalic basalt is erupted in the waning stages of shield building in all of the volcanoes.
Alkalic lava is common in rift volcanoes.
Alkaline batteries are always preferred.
Alkaline batteries are batteries.
Alkaline batteries are better than rechargeables.
Alkaline batteries are the best to use as backup.
Alkaline batteries are the preferred choice for powering wireless transmitters.
Alkaline batteries have a longer life as well.
Alkaline batteries last five to eight times as long as zinc-carbon cells, their predecessors.
Alkaline batteries offer the longest battery life.
Alkaline batteries used around the house are examples of dry cell.
Alkaline batteries work well in cold weather, but carry a spare set in an inner pocket.
Alkaline compounds are produced by microorganisms.
Most alkaline compounds are produced by microorganisms.
Alkaline conditions lead to instability.
Alkaline cytoplasm promotes the loss of profilactin blocking protein from ends of actin monomers.
Alkaline diet is hard for certain parts of the country.
Alkaline diets disturb a felines digestive and urinary balance.
Some alkaline diets help acidity.
Alkaline food affects levels.
Alkaline foods are all greens, vegetables and sprouted grains.
Alkaline foods are fruits and vegetables and soy foods.
Alkaline foods are fruits, vegetables and soy foods.
Alkaline foods are necessary to balance the body's ph.
Alkaline foods balance the pH of the blood and help to prevent cancer cells from proliferating.
Alkaline formulas soften our hair type.
Alkaline glycerol is a chelating agent that removes copper corrosion products.
Alkaline hydrolysis proceeds twice as rapid as acidic hydrolysis.
Alkaline lakes are the ideal places of flamingos.
Alkaline lysis is acceptable but is at the bottom of the list.
Alkaline lysis is probably the most generally useful plasmid preparation procedure.
Alkaline paper is available, and here to stay.
Alkaline paper is recommended for routine use throughout agencies for all documents.
Alkaline papers are available for index and cover stock, but in fewer colors.
Alkaline perms are good for strong curls, they process quickly, and they work at room temperature.
Alkaline phosphatase accumulates and eventually escapes into the bloodstream.
Alkaline phosphatase generates a yellow color when reacting with the substrate.
Alkaline phosphatase is a good, sensitive, general purpose detection method.
Alkaline phosphatase is an almost perfect enzyme.
Alkaline phosphatase is an enzyme found primarily in bones and the liver.
Alkaline phosphatase is an enzyme in all tissues.
Alkaline phosphatase is an enzyme in the blood, intestines, liver, and bone cells.
Alkaline phosphatase is an enzyme made in bone.
Alkaline phosphatase is an enzyme which cleaves organic P making it available for cellular uptake.
Alkaline phosphatase is an inexpensive method of checking for osteoblastic activity.
Alkaline phosphatase is attached to the outside of bone-forming cells called osteoblasts.
Alkaline phosphatase is conjugated to an antifluorescein tertiary antibody.
Alkaline phosphatase is elevated in about one-third of patients.
Alkaline phosphatase is enzymes.
Alkaline phosphatase is expressed in liver, kidneys, intestine and leukocytes as well as bone.
Alkaline phosphatase is normal.
Alkaline phosphatase is produced by many tissues.
Alkaline phosphatase is produced primarily by the liver, and is important for bone formation.
Alkaline phosphatase is the earliest to become abnormal.
Alkaline phosphatases are a family of enzymes that are present throughout the body.
Alkaline phosphate is elevated.
Alkaline power works great for people who want a low maintenance, long storage life power supply.
Alkaline protease is a general degradative protease possessed by Pseudomonas aeruginosa .
Alkaline reaction can cause soreness with inflammation in acute cases.
Alkaline salts are less objectionable.
Some alkaline salt neutralizes acid.
Some alkaline salt neutralizes excess acid.
Alkaline soil interferes with the jasmine's ability to access iron or manganese from the soil.
Alkaline soil is found in arid and semiarid regions.
Alkaline soil is more conducive to plants which accumulate selenium.
Alkaline soil makes pink blooms.
Alkaline soil needs powdered sulfur added or aluminum sulfate.
Alkaline soils are a problem in several areas of Louisiana including New Orleans.
Alkaline soils are more fertile.
Alkaline soils can lead to toxic concentrations.
Alkaline soils cause insecticides to deteriorate faster than neutral or slightly acid soils.
Alkaline soils contain a high proportion of chalk.
Alkaline soils foster a fungal disease called potato scab.
Alkaline soils have a relatively low concentration of hydrogen ions.
Alkaline soils limit clubroot infection.
Alkaline soils tend to lock up nutrients.
Alkaline solutions are good solvents for myrrh.
Alkaline solutions can also corrode sanitary sewers and pumping stations.
Alkaline solutions can cause skin sensitization.
Alkaline solutions feel soapy and are corrosive.
Alkaline stabilization takes place when lime is added to biosolids.
Alkaline substances vary in strength.
Alkaline water affects growth.
Alkaline water affects plant growth.
Alkaline water causes arsenic, cadmium and selenium to dissolve.
Alkaline water causes loss of activity in many herbicides.
Alkaline water does conduct electricity.
Alkaline water is the best drinking water for diatebes and many other chronic ailments.
Alkaline water is the best drinking water for diatebetics and many other chronic ailments.
Alkaline water is used for drinking and cooking.
Alkaline water is water with special properties.
Most alkaline water affects growth.
Most alkaline water affects plant growth.
Some alkaline water has bases.
Alkalinity affects the availability of plant nutrients, especially iron.
Alkalinity can be a major problem in the North Carolina, especially in the coastal plains region.
Alkalinity can be an indication of the presence of lime.
Alkalinity decomposes the poison.
Alkalinity dries the skin and bacteria thrive in alkalinity.
Alkalinity favors the rapid multiplication of microbes, whereas acidity opposes it.
Alkalinity fights colds, bacteria and increases oxygen to the cell.
Alkalinity helps control the pH of water.
Alkalinity indicates the buffering capacity of natural waters.
Alkalinity is a function primarily of carbon dioxide concentration in the water sample.
Alkalinity is a marker for the ability a body of water had to resist damage from acid rain.
Alkalinity is a measure of a water's capacity to neutralize acids.
Alkalinity is a measure of the ability of the water to resist a change in pH when an acid is added.
Alkalinity is a measure of the buffered condition of water.
Alkalinity is a measure of the capacity of water to neutralize acids.
Alkalinity is a measure of the proton-accepting capacity of a solution.
Alkalinity is a measure of the resistance of stream waters to acidity.
Alkalinity is a measure of the water's ability to neutralize acidity.
Alkalinity is a measure of water quality.
Alkalinity is a test of the pH of water.
Alkalinity is also significant in determining the suitability of water for irrigation.
Alkalinity is an important concept in understanding the effects of acid rain.
Alkalinity is calculated based on the amount used.
Alkalinity is concentration
Alkalinity is countered by acid.
Alkalinity is different from basicity, which is directly related to the p H .
Alkalinity is discussed in another section.
Alkalinity is expressed either as a pH or as titratable alkalinity in the form of bicarbonates.
Alkalinity is important in container production, much less so in field production.
Alkalinity is just one factor that goes into the pricing of paper.
Alkalinity is primarily a function of carbonate, bicarbonate and hydroxide content of the water.
Alkalinity is related to the buffering capacity, or pH stability of the pond.
Alkalinity is significant in many uses and treatments of natural waters and wastewater.
Alkalinity is the ability of a natural water to neutralize acid.
Alkalinity is the ability to neutralize acids.
Alkalinity is the capacity of the lake water to neutralize acidity.
Alkalinity is the measure of the capacity of water to accept protons or to neutralize a strong acid.
Alkalinity isa concentration.
Alkalinity locks up iron needed for green color.
Alkalinity refers to how well a water body can neutralize acids.
Alkalinity refers to the acidity of the soil.
Alkalinity refers to the capability of water to neutralize acid.
Alkalinity shows interplay of organic carbon diagenesis and interactions with the sediments.
Most alkalinity is in the bicarbonate form.
Some alkalinity is necessary for good algae production.
Alkaloids also help the body to resist disease, strengthen tissues, and improve the nervous system.
Alkaloids are a class of chemicals that includes many medically useful substances.
Alkaloids are a group of toxic waste products.
Alkaloids are a major class of natural products that have a physiological effect in other organisms.
Alkaloids are also present that have blood pressure lowering effects.
Alkaloids are among the most common active organic compounds found in plants.
Alkaloids are among the most familiar and addictive drugs known.
Alkaloids are bases.
Alkaloids are basic - they form water soluble salts.
Alkaloids are bitter tasting nitrogenous compounds.
Alkaloids are bitter, complex, nitrogen containing compounds.
Alkaloids are chemical substances that contain nitrogen.
Alkaloids are colorless, complex, bitter organic bases, and they are essential to maintaining life.
Alkaloids are companies.
Alkaloids are derived from plants, and have powerful pharmacological effects.
Alkaloids are derived from various amino acids .
Alkaloids are highly reactive substances with biological activity in low doses.
Alkaloids are natural basic chemical compounds which contain nitrogen atoms.
Alkaloids are nitrogen-containing compounds isolated from plants.
Alkaloids are organic compounds.
Alkaloids are organic matter.
Alkaloids are present in all the parts of the plant.
Alkaloids are present in commonly consumed foods and herbs, as are a variety of enzyme inhibitors.
Alkaloids are usually derivatives of amino acids and most alkaloids have a very bitter taste.
Alkaloids occur naturally in nature.
Alkaloids represent another class of secondary metabolites.
An alkaloid is an organic compound
Alkaloids often have a bitter taste and are insoluable in water.
Alkaloids sometimes present.
Many alkaloids are toxic to other organisms .
Many alkaloids are toxic to other organisms.
Many alkaloids are toxic.
Many alkaloids can be  from basic substances by acid-base extraction.
Many alkaloids can be from basic substances by acid-base extraction .
Most alkaloids are well-defined crystalline substances which unite with acids to form salts.
Most alkaloids are well-defined crystalline substances, which unite with acids to form salts.
Most alkaloids have a bitter taste.
Some alkaloids are poisonous, e.g. strychnine and coniine, and colchicine inhibits cell division.
Some alkaloids have a bitter taste .
Some alkaloids have a bitter taste.
Alkalosis causes the arteries shrink so blood flow is restricted.
Alkalosis decreases ionized Calcium.
Alkalosis interferes with normal oxygen utilization by the brain.
Alkalosis is diseases.
Alkalosis is hard to reverse once it occurs.
Alkalosis is less common than acidosis, and produces overexcitability of the nervous system.
Alkalosis is pathology
Alkalosis is pathology.
Alkalosis is the opposite.
Alkalosis occurs less often than acidosis.
Alkalosis tends to lower potassium levels in the serum as it shifts into the cells.
Alkane is an organic compound
Alkane is hydrocarbons.
Alkanes are a group of hydrocarbons that contain single bonds between the carbon atoms.
Alkanes are a simple class of chemical compounds.
Alkanes are aliphatic compounds.
Alkanes are compounds of carbon and hydrogen atoms held together by single bonds.
Alkanes are generally unreactive.
Alkanes are hydrocarbons that contain only single bonds.
Alkanes are hydrocarbons.
Alkanes are present in natural gas and petroleum.
Alkanes are rather unreactive chemically.
Alkanes are relatively unreactive and remain unchanged by most reagents.
Alkanes are saturated hydrocarbons .
Alkanes are saturated hydrocarbons.
Alkanes are the first class of simple hydrocarbons and contain only carbon-carbon single bonds.
Alkanes are the simplest group of hydrocarbons .
Alkanes are the simplest group of hydrocarbons.
Alkanes are the simplest hydrocarbons .
Alkanes are the simplest hydrocarbons.
Alkanes are unreactive and are mainly used as fuels .
Alkanes are usually asymmetric but are nonpolar because they contain no polar bonds.
Alkanes are very soluble in other organic solvents.
Alkanes burn in oxygen to produce carbon dioxide and steam.
Alkanes can be straight or branched chains or ring structures.
Alkanes can form halogenated hydrocarbons in the presence of chlorine and ultraviolet light.
Alkanes have a high ionisation energy, and the molecular ion is usually weak.
Alkanes have free rotation.
Alkanes have the typical properties of covalent compounds.
Alkanes react with halogens in a so-called halogenation reaction.
Alkaptonuria is a genetic disease.
Alkaptonuria is an extremely rare disease.
Alkaptonuria is an inherited condition that causes urine to turn black when exposed to air.
Alkaptonuria is caused by a deficiency in homogentisate dioxygenase.
Alkaptonuria is diseases.
Alkaptonuria is genetic diseases.
Alkaptonuria is metabolic disorder
Alkaptonuria is metabolic disorder.
Alkaptonuria is seen in all races.
Alkaptonuria usually causes painful joint disease involving the back, hips, and knees.
Alkaptonuric patients are usually asymptomatic as children or young adults.
Alkenes are aromatics and are important builder molecules.
Alkenes are hydrocarbons.
Alkenes are liquid and spoil easily .
Alkenes are liquid and spoil easily.
Alkenes are nucleophilic because they are electron-rich.
Alkenes are similar to alkanes .
Alkenes are similar to alkanes.
Alkenes are the starting material for many different chemicals .
Alkenes burn in air or oxygen, as do alkanes.
Alkenes follow the same naming convention used for alkanes.
Alkenes have p electrons availble to share with electron-poor electrophiles.
Alkenes normally react as nucleophiles by sharing their p electrons.
Alkenes serve as intermediates in the preparation of a variety of organic compounds.
Alkenes undergo addition reactions usually by electrophilic reagents.
An alkene is an organic compound
Alki beach is Seattle's most popular beach.
Alkoxy radicals destroy the selectivity of the thermal autooxidation of small hydrocarbons.
Alkyd oils are probably the best all around paints and are available in flat or satin finishes.
Alkyd paint forms an impermeable film through constant surface oxidation.
Alkyd paint is more common because it is less expensive and tougher.
Alkyd paints are the finest of the oil paints.
Alkyd paints are the superior choice for painting floors and metal surfaces.
Alkyd primers tend to seal in the stains, as do some latex-based formulas.
Alkyd resin is synthetic resin
Alkyd resin is very durable and forms a hard film commonly used for heavy duty applications.
Alkyd resins are polyhydric alcohol with polybasic acid.
Alkyd resins are polymeric materials made from fatty acids.
Alkyd satin enamel with excellent flow and leveling.
Alkyd is synthetic resin
Alkyds are less productive because they tend to dry slower, be harder to brush and yellow more.
Alkyds are oil-solvent synthetic paints.
Alkyds are the most widely used resin in coatings.
Alkyds mix well with normal oil paints and speed drying.
Alkyds penetrate deeper and adhere better than latex primer.
Alkyds traditionally have a tighter film and seal the surface better, but are more prone to mildew.
Alkyls can bridge two metal centers, something that is well known from aluminum-alkyl chemistry.
An alkyl is a radical
Alkynes are also easy to reduce to double bonds .
Alkynes are also easy to reduce to double bonds.
Alkynes are hydrocarbons.
Alkynes are insoluble in water but are soluble in organic liquids.
Alkynes are linear and alkanes are tetrahedral.
Alkynes are more reactive than the alkanes or alkenes due to the presence of unsaturated bonds.
Alkynes are more reactive than their alkene and alkane counterparts.
Alkynes are more reactive than usual hydrocarbons .
Alkynes are more reactive than usual hydrocarbons.
Alkynes have a carbon to carbon triple bond .
Alkynes have a carbon to carbon triple bond.
Alkynes work better.
An alkyne is an organic compound
Allagash soils have finer textured loamy caps.
AllDrives collection lists all drives.
Alles bersichtlich sortiert.
Alles further explaine the three types of securitisation contract .
Alles is gute.
Alles ist m glich.
Alles ist now O.K. and ve vait for der maus.
Alles ist so klar und einfach wie m glich.
Alles ist still und geruhsam.
Alles opt naukeurigste opgestelt.
Alles rund um das liebe Geld.
Alles sieht so festlich aus.
Alles sofort lieferbar.
Alles wat je nodig hebt voor de digitale camera en veel meer.
Alles wat jy moet weet hier .
Alles wat tot nu toe hierover verschenen is, is pure speculatie.
Allegation re capital transactions, incl.
Allegations are accusations.
Allegations are claims.
Allegations are everywhere.
Allegations are just that.
Allegations are statements without proof.
Allegations are that some even set up private businesses.
Allegations can address a variety of workplace problems.
Allegations can be anonymous.
Allegations fly back and forth.
Allegations fly over possible posting policy violations.
Allegations have it that much of the East Sea is already considered overfished.
Allegations help topple once-elite Russian bank .
Allegations involve theft of trade secrets and proprietary knowledge.
Allegations made by the union include unclean conditions and safety violations.
Allegations match electromagnetic weapons technology.
Allegations persist of misuse, money laundering and clandestine dealings.
Allegations range from events that occurred a few minutes earlier to much longer.
Allegations range from financial fraud to having an exotic dancer on the payroll.
Allegations regarding drug-tainted campaign contributions continue to plague both major parties.
Allegations surface in the U.S. that China sold heavy water to Argentina and India.
Allegations surround many other privatized water schemes, on all continents.
An allegation is a claim
Every allegation is reviewed and, where warranted, referred for criminal prosecution.
More allegations emerge in the troubled town of Denmark, South Carolina.
Most allegations are hard to prove.
Some allegations date back decades.
Alleged authorities can be individuals or groups.
Alleged violation occurs.
Alleged violators have a time limit to fix the problem.
Allegheny students are welcome to inquire into possible credit options.
Allegiance allows players to alter their load outs with an eye on maintaining a low signature.
Allegiance combines intense space combat with unique squad-based gameplay.
Allegiance does a good job of populating the vastness of space with interesting terrain.
Allegiance has particular experience with intellectual property litigation.
Allegiance has the experience to assemble the best team.
Allegiance is a Dallas-based provider of telecommunications services to businesses.
Allegiance is a great multiplayer online game that has been ruined by one too many updates.
Allegiance is a leading provider of healthcare products and cost management services.
Allegiance is a multiplayer space combat type game.
Allegiance is a multiplayer, online space combat game.
Allegiance is a superb massive-multiplayer game, go check it out.
Allegiance is a team game.
Allegiance is another step towards online-only gameplay.
Allegiance is committed to continuous improvement in customer service.
Allegiance is cooperation
Allegiance is currently in open beta.
Allegiance is indeed many games rolled into one.
Allegiance is loyalty.
Allegiance is loyalty.
Allegiance is the best multiplayer space sim ever made.
Allegiance is the nation's leading distributor of medical, surgical and laboratory supplies.
Allegiance is the nation's leading provider of healthcare products and cost-management services.
Allegiance is the obligation of fidelity and obedience which every citizen owes to the State.
Allegiance is the right of the magistrate, and protection the right of the people.
Allegiance is there to insure that the client's interests are protected.
Allegiance is to Europe, the region or the community, above all to the family.
Allegiance monitors the case and insures that schedules are met.
Allegiance operates four distribution centers in the Atlanta metropolitan area.
Allegiance provides confirmation of adequate progress or early warning of problems.
Allegiance refers to our emotional and cognitive response to the character.
Allegiance refers to the viewer's emotional and moral response to characters.
Allegiance runs from it's own multiplayer game screen.
Allegiance sets forth a goal and achieves it on almost every level.
Allegiances are a big part of the community- building effort.
Allegiances are a great asset to any character.
Allegiances are fierce and myriad.
Allegiances are predictable as brothers are invariably more closely allied than cousins.
Allegiances change as jerseys do.
Allegiances change as they have done in other cases.
Allegiances change over time.
Allegiances change with the swirl of changing politics.
Allegiances shift with the wind.
Allegiances vary, consensus is impossible to reach.
Allegic reactions can also happen with waxing .
Allegic reactions can also happen with waxing.
Allegorical dreams are integral to the film's theme.
Allegorical figures are important in medieval literature.
Allegorical interpretation is open to almost unlimited subjectivity.
Allegorical scholars get to let their imagination run wild.
Allegories are distinguishable from parables in one key respect.
Allegories based on madness, dysfunctional families and above all alienation are major themes.
Allegories involve metaphorical depictions and unreal representations.
Allegories originate in the architecture.
Allegories still continue to be popular today .
Allegories still continue to be popular today.
Allegories use animals with human attributes to teach moral lessons.
Allegory articulates the fragmentary experience of life under conditions of commodity fetishism.
Allegory is a story
Allegory is artwork.
Allegory works as a mirror for personal ethics, shifting debate on ritual to spiritual significance.
Allele fixation is independent of previous history.
Allele frequency is also avaiable for horses as well.
Allele frequency is calculated from genotype frequencies.
Allele frequency is the fundamental measurement used to define population structure.
Allele frequency refers to how often an allele occurs in a population.
Allele isa gene.
Alleles are A. alternate forms of a single gene.
Alleles are a. always dominant.
Alleles are alternate forms of genes .
Alleles are alternate forms of genes found on chromosomes.
Alleles are alternative forms of a gene.
Alleles are alternative forms of the gene.
Alleles are alternatives of one gene .
Alleles are alternatives of one gene.
Alleles are always dominant.
Alleles are an alternate form of a gene for one trait.
Alleles are differences in the DNA sequence of a gene.
Alleles are different forms of genes for one trait.
Alleles are different variants of a particular gene.
Alleles are different variations of specific genes.
Alleles are different versions of a specific trait.
Alleles are different versions of genes that impart the same characteristic.
Alleles are different versions or forms of ONE gene.
Alleles are either dominant or recessive.
Alleles are gene variants caused by mutation.
Alleles are genes.
Alleles are just broad variants of a gene that can produce different results.
Alleles are recessive but then are triggered by hormonal differences in the sexes.
Alleles are responsible for variations in a trait.
Alleles are slightly different molecular forms of the same gene, which are shuffled during meiosis.
Alleles are two or more slightly different molecular forms of the same gene.
Alleles are variants of one gene.
Alleles are various molecular forms of a gene for the same trait.
Alleles are versions of a trait.
Alleles arise by mutation.
Alleles can be dominant or recessive.
Alleles can be recessive, dominant, and codominant.
Alleles can exist in alternative forms and organisms typically have two alleles for a given trait.
Alleles come from the genes that are located on the chromosomes inside the nucleus.
Alleles determine which antigens are present on the cells.
Alleles differ by origin if they come from the same locus on different chromosomes .
Alleles differ by origin if they come from the same locus on different chromosomes.
Alleles exist only because the original wild-type gene has mutated at some time.
Alleles fall into six classes based on somatic, gonadal and dauer phenotypes.
Alleles occupy the same locus, or position, on chromosomes.
Alleles pass into different reproductive cells, called gametes .
Alleles produce different effects on the same trait - for example, horns vs polls.
Alleles segregate from each other in meiosis , but join randomly in fertilization .
Alleles segregate from each other in meiosis, but join randomly in fertilization.
Alleles segregate from one another during the formation of gametes.
Alleles segregate independently yielding four possible allelic combinations in gametes.
An allele is a factor
All alleles are temperature sensitive, but to varying degrees.
All alleles show a recessive, maternal-effect, embryonic lethal phenotype.
Many alleles are poorly, if at all, identified at the serologic level.
Most alleles are common to all populations and few are localized or rare.
Most alleles are probably slightly deleterious, nearly neutral genes.
Some alleles act as recessive lethals.
Some alleles are dominant, while other alleles are recessive.
Some alleles are dominate or recessive to each other.
Some alleles are equally strong and neither are masked by the other.
Some alleles are more dominant than others.
Some alleles are neither dominant nor recessive.
Some alleles associated with human genetic disorders are recessive lethal.
Some alleles dont show effects until after reproduction.
Some alleles require multiple substitutions.
Allelic association is a valuable tool for mapping disease genes.
Allelic heterogeneity refers to different mutations in the same gene.
Allelic inactivation regulates olfactory receptor gene expression.
Allelic loss is frequent in tuberous sclerosis kidney lesions but rare in brain lesions.
Allelic loss is heterogeneous throughout the tumor in colorectal carcinoma.
Allelic mutations bear identical locus symbols and numbers.
Allelic pairs make up genes.
Allelic recombinations contribute to variations in phenotypes of offspring.
Allelic variability distinguishes the uniqueness of all organisms genomes.
Allelopathic influence goes deeper than simple competition for water and nutrients.
Allelopathic interactions arise because plants release chemicals into the environment.
Allelopathic substances range from acids to bases to simple organic compounds.
Allen house is designated for males.
Allen soils are on hillsides, foot slopes, or terraces.
Allen wrenches are easier to use underwater than slotted head fasteners.
Most Allende stones have areas of missing fusion crust probably due to spalation.
Allentown candidates call for reinstatement, and viola.
Allentown reports persistant access difficulty, though.
Allepy town is the headquarters.
Allergen associates with asthma.
Allergen causes immediate reaction.
Allergen causes reaction.
Allergen causes symptoms.
Allergen is a substance
Allergen is substances.
Allergen isa matter.
Allergen releases into air.
Allergen triggers allergic reaction.
Allergen triggers reaction.
Allergens are everywhere, indoors and out.
Allergens are generally very small particles.
Allergens are materials such as pollen, pet dander, foods, or dust, that cause allergic responses.
Allergens are microscopic particles that are inhaled through the nose and mouth.
Allergens are more subtle trigger factors.
Allergens are more tolerable without drugs or saline sprays.
Allergens are normally harmless substances that most bodies ignore.
Allergens are one type of trigger for people who are asthmatic.
Allergens are proteins that cause a sensitivity reaction in tissues upon contact.
Allergens are substances that cause allergic reactions and trigger asthma symptoms in some people.
Allergens are substances that cause an allergic response in certain sensitive people.
Allergens are substances that trigger allergic reactions.
Allergens are substances to which one has become allergic eg. nickel, perfume, rubber.
Allergens are the substances that can trigger an allergic reaction.
Allergens are the substances that cause allergic illnesses.
Allergens are the substances that cause allergic reactions.
Allergens are things such as pollen, feathers, dust, foods, animal fur and medicines.
Allergens are things which trigger allergies in people.
Allergens are usually animal or vegetable proteins from foods, pollens, or pets.
Allergens bind to specific IgE on surface of mast cells in respiratory tissue.
Allergens can be in the dander or fur of many animals and in the proteins of their saliva.
Allergens can behave in much the same way as pirates invading a ship.
Allergens can cause severe allergic reactions in some individuals.
Allergens can cause skin rashes, nausea, and respiratory problems.
Allergens can enter the body through the skin, the nose or by the mouth in food.
Allergens can enter the body when they're eaten, touched, inhaled or breathed in.
Allergens can include pollen, dust mites, food, medications and insect venoms.
Allergens can make someone itchy, and then they scratch, and then it gets worse and worse.
Allergens cause others.
Allergens enter the body in one of three ways.
Allergens stress the adrenal glands and stimulate excess insulin production.
Allergens tend to be protein molecules.
ALL allergens are immunogens.
Every allergen needs to be evaluated.
Many allergens can cause anaphylaxis.
More allergens mean more asthmatic symptoms and breathing problems.
Most allergen causes immediate reaction.
Most allergen causes reaction.
Most allergen causes symptoms.
Most allergen releases into air.
Most allergen triggers allergic reaction.
Most allergens are airborne and seasonal.
Most allergens irritate from inhalation, but few are contact types, such as an allergy to wool.
Most allergens resist stomach acids and digestive enzymes.
Some allergen affects humans.
Some allergen causes death.
Some allergen causes difficulty.
Some allergen causes respiratory difficulty.
Some allergen includes food.
Some allergen includes milk.
Some allergen interferes with digestion.
Some allergen interferes with protein digestion.
Some allergens affect mast cells directly, aggravating the itch.
Some allergens are easy to identify because the reaction is immediate.
Some allergens are present only during certain seasons for example, ragweed in the fall.
Some allergens cause a reaction when inhaled.
All allergenic antigens are polyvalent, so they bind other IgE, cross-linking receptor complexes.
Allergenic compounds are classified into groups corresponding to their architecture and function.
Most allergenic extracts sold in the USA are non-standardized.
Allergenic pollen is usually from wind-pollinated plants.
Allergenic responses can occur.
Allergic aspergillosis is treated with oral prednisone .
Allergic aspergillosis is treated with oral prednisone.
Allergic children produce antibodies against certain foods.
Most allergic conditions result from failure in the performance of the immune system.
Allergic conjunctivitis can develop at any stage of life.
Allergic conjunctivitis can produce two types of eye discharge - serous and mucoid.
Allergic conjunctivitis is a non-contagious inflammation.
Allergic conjunctivitis is an allergic reaction on the surface of the eyes and eyelids.
Allergic conjunctivitis is an allergic reaction on the surface of the eyes.
Allergic conjunctivitis is characterized by mild swelling and injection of the conjunctiva.
Allergic conjunctivitis is characterized by ocular redness and itching.
Allergic conjunctivitis is diseases.
Allergic conjunctivitis is induced by one topical application of ragweed pollen onto the eye.
Allergic conjunctivitis is obviously a big problem with ocular surface and that is seasonal.
Allergic conjunctivitis is one of the most common disorders of the eye.
Allergic conjunctivitis occurs frequently in atopic individuals.
Allergic conjunctivitis results from hypersensitivity to exogenous antigens.
Allergic conjunctivitis shows up as itchy, red, watery eyes.
Many allergic consumers are convinced that they react to oils, especially peanut oil.
Allergic dermatitis can also occur due to chromium contaminants in the cement.
Allergic disease is very common and can cause various symptoms involving the ears, nose, and throat.
Allergic diseases affect a significant portion of the population.
Allergic diseases can predispose an animal to pyoderma.
Allergic diseases represent a major cause of morbidity and disability in the United States.
Allergic disorders rank first among chronic childhood diseases.
Many allergic disorders are on the rise particularly among children.
Allergic dogs chew their feet because the foot is the only place dogs have sweat glands.
Allergic effects can prove armful.
Allergic effects can prove harmful.
Allergic eyes are generally more puffy than red .
Allergic foods are favorite foods.
Most allergic individuals inherit only the capacity to become allergic.
Some allergic individuals can use tennis balls which are new and completely covered.
Some allergic individuals go into shocks.
Some allergic individuals have vitamin dependencies.
Allergic mechanisms become more important as children get older.
Allergic people can tolerate food that is low in nutrition better than nutritious food.
Allergic people form antibodies, called IgE, against pollens and other allergens.
Many allergic people find they can tolerate beautiful breed.
Most allergic people can be with poodles.
Most allergic people have allergies to airborne allergens, which can easily be inhaled.
Some allergic people are fine with the Hairless variety, while others have no tolerance.
Allergic persons are often supersensitive to odors that can trigger an attack at any time.
Allergic persons are often supersensitive to odors.
Many allergic pets have combined allergic diseases which generally worsen aging.
Allergic problems tend to be inherited.
Allergic rashes are the most common, especially to the penicillins and sulfa based antibiotics.
Allergic rashes look very much like poison oak.
Allergic reaction can also occur.
Allergic reaction can involve a rash, difficulty breathing and swelling of the face.
Allergic reaction causes sickness.
Allergic reaction causes symptoms.
Allergic reaction happens shortly after taking a substance.
Allergic reaction includes fatigue.
Allergic reaction is a common contraindication.
Allergic reaction is hypersensitivity reaction
Allergic reaction is illnesses.
Allergic reaction is rare.
Allergic reaction is the primary risk of collagen.
Allergic reaction leads to fevers.
Allergic reaction occurs at sites.
Allergic reactions affecting the skin and gastrointestinal tract are rare.
Allergic reactions are a problem, though.
Allergic reactions are also a possibility.
Allergic reactions are also possible from internal use.
Allergic reactions are also quite possible.
Allergic reactions are an example of hyper-sensitivity.
Allergic reactions are extraordinarily rare.
Allergic reactions are extremely rare.
Allergic reactions are fairly common.
Allergic reactions are hyperactive responses of the immune system to generally innocuous substances.
Allergic reactions are inflammatory.
Allergic reactions are infrequent.
Allergic reactions are less common, but if untreated can be fatal.
Allergic reactions are nature's way.
Allergic reactions are possible after injection of the iodine-based dye.
Allergic reactions are possible but uncommon.
Allergic reactions are possible but unusual.
Allergic reactions are possible to any biological.
Allergic reactions are possible.
Allergic reactions are rare but have been reported and can be severe.
Allergic reactions are rare.
Allergic reactions are sometimes deadly.
Allergic reactions are the most common complication from nail cosmetics.
Allergic reactions are the most common health problem from mold exposure.
Allergic reactions are the most common health problems associated with biological pollutants.
Allergic reactions are the most common triggers for asthma attacks.
Allergic reactions are the most common type of adverse effect of dental materials.
Allergic reactions are the most serious.
Allergic reactions are the only true side-effects and require special precautions.
Allergic reactions are the third type .
Allergic reactions are typically the most common health problem.
Allergic reactions are unusual.
Allergic reactions are very complex but today they are relatively well understood.
Allergic reactions are very rare.
Allergic reactions can affect small areas or the entire body.
Allergic reactions can also occur with shiitake production but is less of a problem.
Allergic reactions can also occur.
Allergic reactions can be a problem and require desensitization.
Allergic reactions can be extremely mild, or deadly.
Allergic reactions can be life threatening.
Allergic reactions can be mild, life-threatening, or somewhere in between.
Allergic reactions can be minor to severe.
Allergic reactions can be serious.
Allergic reactions can be severe and result in death.
Allergic reactions can cause itching, redness, or other symptoms.
Allergic reactions can develop on skin when rubberized clothing is worn.
Allergic reactions can happen from within minutes to a few hours after eating the offending food.
Allergic reactions can intensify when dogs and cats shed their winter coats in the spring.
Allergic reactions can involve several parts of the body at the same time.
Allergic reactions can occur to any medication, but are quite rare with beta blockers.
Allergic reactions can occur to leech bites.
Allergic reactions can occur under a variety of circumstances.
Allergic reactions can occur with certain food additives.
Allergic reactions can occur with exposure to even small quantities of the allergen.
Allergic reactions can occur with herbal remedies just like other medications.
Allergic reactions can occur with lovastatin therapy.
Allergic reactions can occur within minutes, or up to hours, or even days after eating food.
Allergic reactions can occur.
Allergic reactions can range from harmless skin rashes to very serious breathing difficulties.
Allergic reactions can range from mild to severe, in some cases causing death.
Allergic reactions can range from simple discomfort to life-threatening situations.
Allergic reactions can range from slight to serious shock.
Allergic reactions can range from very mild rashes to anaphylactic shock.
Allergic reactions can take place if a person is allergic to peanuts.
Allergic reactions can trigger an asthma flare-up.
Allergic reactions can vary depending on the level of sensitivity.
Allergic reactions can vary.
Allergic reactions cause discomforts and in some cases life-threatening anaphylactic shock.
Allergic reactions caused by wasp bites in humans is well-known.
Allergic reactions do occur in some people, but they are rare.
Allergic reactions involve a special set of cells in the immune system known as mast cells.
Allergic reactions involve the immune system.
Allergic reactions make eyes itching, irritated and watering.
Allergic reactions occur in rare cases.
Allergic reactions occur in sensitised persons.
Allergic reactions occur most commonly to pollen grains, dust, molds and foods.
Allergic reactions occur only after repeated exposure to a specific biological allergen.
Allergic reactions occur when IgE binds to receptors on the surfaces of basophils and mast cells.
Allergic reactions occur when the army overreacts at the time of re-exposure.
Allergic reactions occur with plasma component transfusions.
Allergic reactions occur within a few hours of getting the shot if they occur at all.
Allergic reactions range from annoying to life-threatening.
Allergic reactions range from itchy noses and eyes to severe asthma attacks.
Allergic reactions range from merely bothersome to life-threatening.
Allergic reactions range from simple contact dermatitis to severe anaphylaxis.
Allergic reactions range in severity and are usually treatable.
Allergic reactions tend to become more severe, more complex, and more numerous if untreated.
Allergic reactions vary a lot.
Allergic reactions vary from person to person and can be very mild or very serious.
Allergic reactions vary in intensity depending on the level of sensitivity of the individual.
Allergic reactions vary with each individual's sensitivity.
Allergic reactions vary.
Many allergic reactions are a mixture of more than one type of tissue damage.
Most allergic reaction causes sickness.
Most allergic reaction causes symptoms.
Most allergic reaction includes fatigue.
Most allergic reaction leads to fevers.
Most allergic reaction occurs at sites.
Most allergic reactions are rare.
Most allergic reactions resolve within several days without dental or medical intervention.
Some allergic reaction causes nausea.
Some allergic reaction causes problems.
Some allergic reaction causes respiratory problems.
Some allergic reaction comes from trees.
Some allergic reaction includes headaches.
Some allergic reaction includes hives.
Some allergic reaction leads to death.
Some allergic reaction occurs in patients.
Some allergic reaction produces effects.
Some allergic reaction relates to ingestion.
Some allergic reaction takes places.
Some allergic reactions are emergencies.
Some allergic reactions are severe - asthma is the best known and one of the most serious.
Some allergic reactions can be very serious and require immediate medical treatment.
Some allergic reactions occur as a result of skin contact.
Allergic responses are rare.
Allergic responses are varied and unique to each child.
Allergic responses can range from mild skin irritation to life-threatening anaphylactic shock.
Allergic responses require allergen-specific IgE to be already present, bound to mast cells.
Allergic rhinitis affects more people than any other kind of allergy.
Allergic rhinitis can be a precursor.
Allergic rhinitis can cause sneezing, itchy or watery eyes, or a runny or stuffed up nose.
Allergic rhinitis can drag on for weeks or months.
Allergic rhinitis can occur seasonally or year round.
Allergic rhinitis causes symptoms such as nasal stuffiness, runny or itchy nose, and sneezing.
Allergic rhinitis is a common cause of sinusitis.
Allergic rhinitis is a reaction to seasonal airborne allergens.
Allergic rhinitis is an allergic reaction of the lining of the nose.
Allergic rhinitis is an inflammation of the nasal mucosa which is triggered by an allergic reaction.
Allergic rhinitis is caused by airborne pollen.
Allergic rhinitis is caused by allergies to certain plants, pollen, or dust.
Allergic rhinitis is caused by substances that trigger allergies, called allergens.
Allergic rhinitis is common in both adults and children and often has a strong family history.
Allergic rhinitis is coryza
Allergic rhinitis is defined as an allergen-induced inflammation of the membranes lining the nose.
Allergic rhinitis is extremely common in all Arab countries, surprisingly more common in Bahrain.
Allergic rhinitis is hypersensitivity reaction
Allergic rhinitis is hypersensitivity reaction.
Allergic rhinitis is inflammation of the nose resulting from an allergy.
Allergic rhinitis is similar to asthma, except in one respect.
Allergic rhinitis is the fifth most common chronic condition in the United States.
Allergic rhinitis is the most common allergic disease, with one in five Canadian adults affected.
Allergic rhinitis is the most common chronic disease in children.
Allergic rhinitis is the most common form.
Allergic rhinitis is very common.
Allergic rhinitis requires contact with the environment.
Allergic sensation can occur.
Allergic sensitization can occur.
Allergic symptoms come in many forms.
Many allergic symptoms are IgE-mediated and are so severe and immediate that they are obvious.
Allergic tissues react differently to a reinfection than to a primary infection.
Allergists also treat post nasal drip, hives, eczema, and drug, food, and insect allergy.
Allergists are a cautious lot.
Allergists are doctors.
Allergists are more cost effective then primary care when managing moderate and severe asthmatics.
Allergists are wary of the long-term effects of exposure to pesticide.
Allergists caution people to talk to their doctor before investing in special gadgets.
Allergists continue to select screening sites that reach the most children and parents.
Allergists find most people with severe allergies have acidic systems.
Allergists have such a simplistic understanding of allergic symptoms.
Allergists provide outcomes data.
Allergists recommend avoidance as the first line of defense against seasonal allergies.
Allergists recommend immuno-therapy for people who have confirmed sensitivity to ant venom.
Allergists treat people with skin diseases, asthma, hay fever and other similar disorders.
An allergist is a doctor
Many allergists use it in the treatment of hay fever.
Some allergists are also subspecialists in diagnostic laboratory immunology.
Some allergists recommend up to two weeks between each new food.
Allergy desensitization consists of injecting tiny amounts of the irritant into the skin.
All allergy medication is loaded with side effects.
Many allergy medications can aggravate certain illnesses.
Most allergy medications are antihistamines that concentrate on eliminating the symptoms.
Most allergy medications work by blocking the histamines that cause a runny nose and other symptoms.
Many allergy medicines are combinations of several medicines, including aspirin.
Every allergy sufferer needs to make their own interventions into their health.
Most allergy sufferers are said to be atopic.
Most allergy sufferers attribute their discomfort to plant pollen.
Most allergy sufferers experience fairly mild reactions to a disagreeable food.
Most allergy sufferers get best results with a combination of the above.
Some allergy sufferers are also allergic to the saliva.
Allergy symptoms vary among individuals.
Most allergy symptoms are mild, but they can occasionally cause serious illness.
Most allergy symptoms vary among individuals.
Allergy tests help causes.
Most allergy tests help causes.
Allergies abound in the Alamo City oak pollen in the spring and mountain cedar in the fall.
Allergies accompany or contribute to ear infection in many instances.
Allergies actually develop in stages.
Allergies affect feet, ears, and anywhere else the dog can lick or scratch.
Allergies affect health.
Allergies affect one-third of the population.
Allergies affect oral health.
Allergies affect people in different ways.
Allergies affect quality of life.
Allergies affect the lives of millions of people around the world.
Allergies affect the mucous membranes of the eyes, nose and upper air passages.
Allergies also are a significant trigger of asthma.
Allergies also can cause sinusitis.
Allergies also can frequently cause headaches, fatigue and irritability.
Allergies also cause mucous membrane swelling, which blocks the openings to the sinuses.
Allergies also occur at the same time each year.
Allergies also represent an overactive immune system, at least initially.
Allergies also seem to run in families - parents with hay fever often have children with allergies.
Allergies also start up in the spring, just as they do in people.
Allergies also tend to occur in clusters.
Allergies are a chronic problem and they can be over come by proper treatment.
Allergies are a common cause of ear irritation in dogs.
Allergies are a common cause of many different diseases.
Allergies are a common trigger of asthma.
Allergies are a common underlying cause.
Allergies are a growing problem in the workplace.
Allergies are a leading cause of school absenteeism and loss of productivity in the working world.
Allergies are a major cause of illness in the United States.
Allergies are a potential problem, too, critics note.
Allergies are a prime example of how chemical stress from the environment can overwhelm people.
Allergies are a reaction by the body to a particular foreign substance.
Allergies are a reaction of the immune system to harmful particles in the air.
Allergies are a result of an over-eager immune system.
Allergies are a serious problem, particularly in Kentucky.
Allergies are abnormal immune reactions to specific agents known as antigens or allergens.
Allergies are abnormal reactions to ordinarily harmless substances.
Allergies are actually a trick.
Allergies are actually shockingly widespread in today's society.
Allergies are also a suspected cause of skin disease of pet rodents.
Allergies are also fairly common among dogs.
Allergies are an abnormal immune reaction by the body to everyday substances.
Allergies are an example.
Allergies are an immune system overreaction to exposure to environmental contaminants, such as mold.
Allergies are an immune system response.
Allergies are an important factor in childhood asthma.
Allergies are an individual thing.
Allergies are an over-response of the immune system.
Allergies are and always have been an issue in our pets.
Allergies are another cause.
Allergies are another common cause of a chronic cough.
Allergies are another common cause of skin problems.
Allergies are another frequent cause of scratching in dogs.
Allergies are another situation where the immune system goofs up.
Allergies are at epidemic proportions today both in animals and humans.
Allergies are bad, but natural healing is worse.
Allergies are caused by inhalation.
Allergies are caused by pollen.
Allergies are chronic illnesses.
Allergies are clearly more than a minor inconvenience.
Allergies are common among children and adults.
Allergies are common in babies and children.
Allergies are common.
Allergies are commonplace due to the dry and dusty climate.
Allergies are controllable.
Allergies are cumulative.
Allergies are diseases.
Allergies are disorders of the immune system.
Allergies are due to a disabled liver, extreme allergies are due to an extremely disabled liver.
Allergies are due to substances such as mold, dust, foods, chemicals, animals and pollen.
Allergies are extreme reactions to basically harmless substances.
Allergies are frequently seasonal.
Allergies are frequently the reason for itchy, red eyes.
Allergies are generally the body's effort to eliminate something it considers unsuitable.
Allergies are harder to treat.
Allergies are histamine reactions.
Allergies are hypersensitivity reaction.
Allergies are hypersensitivity.
Allergies are immune responses against non-infectious agents.
Allergies are in a sense an over reaction by the immune system.
Allergies are less common in exclusively breastfed babies.
Allergies are life-long, chronic problems.
Allergies are more than a matter of wheezing or sneezing.
Allergies are more than sneezing, congestion, and a runny nose.
Allergies are more than watery eyes and a runny nose.
Allergies are negative reaction.
Allergies are next.
Allergies are often hereditary.
Allergies are often hidden food sensitivities or intolerances.
Allergies are on rise in monsoon.
Allergies are on the increase all over the western world.
Allergies are one of many possible explanations.
Allergies are one of the factors that can trigger asthma attacks.
Allergies are one of the major causes of dark circles under eyes.
Allergies are one of the most common ailments among kids under six years old.
Allergies are one of the most prevalent causes of illness in the Unites States.
Allergies are overreactions to ordinarily harmless substances.
Allergies are part of the body's normal response to fighting infections.
Allergies are perfectly for real.
Allergies are pollutants typically caused by naturally occurring airborne particles.
Allergies are preventable, though.
Allergies are quite mild by comparison.
Allergies are reactions of the immune system to substances known as allergens.
Allergies are seasonal.
Allergies are sensitivities to certain substances which the majority of people find harmless.
Allergies are serious, especially when asthma comes into play.
Allergies are the general theme of the first three calls.
Allergies are the most common cause of recurrent ear infections in children.
Allergies are the most common cause of the common diseases of the ears, nose and throat.
Allergies are the most significant one.
Allergies are the primary offenders.
Allergies are the sixth leading cause of chronic disease in the United States.
Allergies are to penicillin.
Allergies are too crucial to play around with, or leave to chance.
Allergies are tricky because no two people suffer the same.
Allergies are triggers of asthma in both young and old.
Allergies are typically worse after birth as is depression.
Allergies are unpredictable things.
Allergies are usually cumulative.
Allergies are very common among children with asthma.
Allergies are very common in American populations.
Allergies are very common in children and are often times mistaken for the common cold.
Allergies are very common in the United States.
Allergies are very common.
Allergies are very, very personal.
Allergies are, however, almost by definition, a very individualized condition.
Allergies belong to the first group.
Allergies can affect any organ in the body.
Allergies can affect any part of the human body, but most importantly, the central nervous system.
Allergies can affect anyone, regardless of age, gender, race or socioeconomic factors.
Allergies can affect anyone, regardless of age, gender, race, or socioeconomic class.
Allergies can affect anyone, regardless of age, gender, race, or socioeconomic status.
Allergies can affect every system in a child's body including the central nervous system.
Allergies can affect nearly any part of the body.
Allergies can affect pregnant women differently.
Allergies can aggravate and often trigger onsets of asthma.
Allergies can also cause a conjunctivitis which produces a discharge.
Allergies can also cause a raspy voice from sticky secretions.
Allergies can also cause a runny nose.
Allergies can also cause conjunctivitis.
Allergies can also cause stuffy noses, which in turn can lead to ear infections.
Allergies can also lead to irritant vaginitis.
Allergies can also lead to more generalized symptoms involving skin rashes, asthma, and swelling.
Allergies can also produce asthma, atopic dermatitis and eczema.
Allergies can also result from chronic infections.
Allergies can also weaken the immune system.
Allergies can arise when a person is traumatized while being exposed to a specific food or chemical.
Allergies can be a frustrating, time consuming, and expensive problem.
Allergies can be a significant contribution to chronic pain and dysfunction.
Allergies can be another causative factor.
Allergies can be as active during wintertime as during the summer months.
Allergies can be as minor as sneezing and itching.
Allergies can be chronic or seasonal.
Allergies can be from both the environment or from food.
Allergies can be hereditary or they can be triggered by environmental or even emotional conditions.
Allergies can be mild, inconvenient, worrisome, or severe.
Allergies can be more than an inconvenience.
Allergies can be more than just annoying.
Allergies can be painful and frustrating.
Allergies can be seasonal, like pollen or certain molds, or year-round, like dust mites.
Allergies can be seasonal.
Allergies can be serious when they trigger asthma attacks.
Allergies can be the most frustrating condition the owner and a veterinarian can treat.
Allergies can be very dangerous, even life-threatening.
Allergies can be worse during pollen season in the spring or in late summer due to hayfever.
Allergies can begin at a very young age.
Allergies can begin at any age, although many develop during childhood.
Allergies can cause a multitude of symptoms including seemingly intractable pain.
Allergies can cause an enormous variety of symptoms, and can even mimic serious disorders.
Allergies can cause asthma.
Allergies can cause itching and some cats with allergies have increased dander.
Allergies can cause itching, sneezing and a runny or blocked nose.
Allergies can cause mild symptoms like sneezing, runny nose and itchy eyes.
Allergies can cause or worsen AD symptoms.
Allergies can cause swelling of the eustachian tubes that results in blockage.
Allergies can cause weepy, runny eyes.
Allergies can change over time as can sensitivity.
Allergies can dampen our ability to enjoy spring, summer and fall.
Allergies can develop at any age, but teens are at the peak age for developing allergies.
Allergies can develop at any age, even before birth.
Allergies can develop at any age.
Allergies can develop from excessive exposure to a substance.
Allergies can develop in anyone.
Allergies can develop to latex gloves and other materials.
Allergies can disturb sleep, impair concentration and cause emotional problems.
Allergies Can donate if mild and require no treatment.
Allergies Can donate if no symptoms.
Allergies can even trigger asthma episodes.
Allergies can have different TCM profiles.
Allergies can kill.
Allergies can last a week, a month, or continue all year long.
Allergies can manifest in a variety of ways.
Allergies can manifest themselves physically, emotionally, or behaviorally.
Allergies can obstruct the nose.
Allergies can occur at any age.
Allergies can occur that lead to high temperatures and headaches.
Allergies can result from an overloaded, compromised immune system.
Allergies can result from organic weaknesses due to an unhealthy lifestyle.
Allergies can sometimes become dormant for a period of time and then suddenly re-appear.
Allergies can start at any age.
Allergies can trigger asthma in some people.
Allergies can trigger inflammation of the sinuses and nasal mucous linings.
Allergies can worsen or cause asthma, sinusitis and middle-ear infection in children.
Allergies Cause by exposure to pollen or other allergens.
Allergies cause inflammation and blockage of the sinus openings that normally allow drainage.
Allergies cause minor symptoms.
Allergies cause problems.
Allergies cause reaction.
Allergies cause seizures in some.
Allergies cause severe reaction.
Allergies cause severe skin reaction.
Allergies cause skin reaction.
Allergies cause swelling of the lining of the nose and excess mucus production.
Allergies cause symptoms.
Allergies cause the body to have a physical response to substances known as allergens.
Allergies certainly contribute to chronic pulmonary disease.
Allergies come from proteins.
Allergies contribute to or are the underlying cause of many illnesses.
Allergies Determine whether allergies are a cause of the problem.
Allergies do run in certain families and are more common in children that have asthma or eczema.
Allergies do run in families.
Allergies do tend to run in families.
Allergies expand veins lying beneath the eyes.
Allergies generally cause clear, thin, watery mucus discharge.
Allergies happen when the body's immune system goes overboard and overreacts to something.
Allergies have a genetic component.
Allergies have a way of coming back when there is emotional upset.
Allergies have impact.
Allergies have significant impact.
Allergies have symptoms.
Allergies Helps to relieve congestion, pain of respiratory allergies, strengthen mucous membranes.
Allergies increase after traumas.
Allergies indicate removal of toxins via panchakarma massage therapy.
Allergies induce reaction.
Allergies involve mainly IgE , antibodies , and histamine .
Allergies involve quite a bit of inflammation.
Allergies is one of the most common reasons a pet is brought to a shelter.
Allergies last different amounts of time for each person.
Allergies lead to olfactory closings.
Allergies lead to wave of lawsuits against latex glove makers.
Allergies lead to wave of lawsuits against latex glove manufacturers.
Allergies linger longer.
Allergies Live mumps vaccine is produced in chick-embryo cell culture.
Allergies Make a tea of the herb goldenseal or eyebright.
Allergies make the throat swell.
Allergies may have reaction.
Allergies mean furry pals can aggravate colleagues.
Allergies now plague an overwhelming percentage of the UK population.
Allergies occur in individuals.
Allergies occur in response to normally harmless triggers known as allergens.
Allergies occur in sensitive individuals.
Allergies persist either seasonally or for some people, year round.
Allergies play a part in triggering attacks in a large percentage of children with asthma.
Allergies play a role in many cases of occupational asthma.
Allergies play a role in other individuals.
Allergies play a significant role in making asthma worse.
Allergies present themselves according to their target organ of involvement.
Allergies probably do cause some of the sneezing seen in cats.
Allergies produce mucous, which is used by the bacteria as a source of Sulfur.
Allergies require attention.
Allergies require medical attention.
Allergies rob hundreds of thousand of people of the pleasure of gardening.
Allergies run in families, but there are other factors as well.
Allergies run in families.
Allergies seem to be a part of everyday life for so many people nowadays.
Allergies seem to be alleviated through candling,as do raspy throats or stuffy noses.
Allergies seem to run in families.
Allergies start with a stuffy nose and lasts about a day or two.
Allergies still happen around Savannah Cats even though they are lower-shedding breed of cat.
Allergies stimulate the adrenals to produce more cortisol.
Allergies tend to be hereditary.
Allergies tend to be rashes and respiratory involvement.
Allergies tend to run in families, although no obvious mode of inheritance is recognized.
Allergies tend to run in families.
Allergies There are few problems with allergies.
Allergies too can resemble colds with their runny noses, sneezing, and general miserable feeling.
Allergies trigger asthma attacks in a high percentage of people who have the disease.
Allergies trigger reaction.
Allergies trigger severe reaction.
Allergies typically bring on complaints very rapidly upon contact with the allergen.
Allergy isa predisposition.
An allergy is hypersensitivity reaction
Allergies frequently trigger asthma attacks.
Allergies frequently trigger asthma.
Allergies often are a factor in asthma that starts in adulthood.
Allergies often arise due to the drastic difference between inner and outer realities.
Allergies often linger longer.
Allergies often occur seasonally when grasses grow and flowers bloom.
Allergies often vary as a function of age or physiological status.
Allergies usually affect both ears.
Allergies usually appear after puppyhood and are more prevalent in the summer months.
Allergies usually appear first in childhood and tend to diminish or disappear completely with age.
Allergies usually begin in childhood.
Allergies usually hang on much longer.
Allergies usually have a quick onset of symptoms.
Allergies usually recur and can last for entire seasons.
All allergies are treatable.
Any allergy increases the risk.
Any allergy is a sign of a weakened immune system which needs to be supported.
Many allergies are also attributable to mold and fungi.
Many allergies are mild and pose little threat to the affected person.
Many allergies come from their living environment, so they're relatively easy to treat or correct.
Most allergies affect health.
Most allergies affect oral health.
Most allergies are a state of mind, or a state of health.
Most allergies are caused by inhalation.
Most allergies are caused by pollen.
Most allergies are reactions to foreign proteins.
Most allergies cause minor symptoms.
Most allergies cause problems.
Most allergies cause reaction.
Most allergies cause runny noses, rashes, and itching.
Most allergies cause severe reaction.
Most allergies cause severe skin reaction.
Most allergies cause skin reaction.
Most allergies cause symptoms.
Most allergies have impact.
Most allergies have nothing to do with corn.
Most allergies have significant impact.
Most allergies have symptoms.
Most allergies induce reaction.
Most allergies occur in individuals.
Most allergies occur in sensitive individuals.
Most allergies require attention.
Most allergies require medical attention.
Most allergies seem to be to casein, but many people are allergic to the whey proteins as well.
Most allergies start in childhood, some as early as the first year of life.
Most allergies trigger severe reaction.
Some allergies affect horses.
Some allergies are caused by mold.
Some allergies are easy to identify.
Some allergies are seasonal and some are year round.
Some allergies are seasonal, like hay fever.
Some allergies can be life threatening.
Some allergies cause abdominal pain.
Some allergies cause death.
Some allergies cause pain.
Some allergies cause seizures.
Some allergies develop more extreme reactions over time and frequency of exposure.
Some allergies have life.
Some allergies last a whole lifetime.
Some allergies lead to asthma.
Some allergies lead to severe asthma.
Some allergies relate to allergy syndromes.
Some allergies relate to fevers.
Some allergies relate to hay fevers.
Some allergies relate to oral allergy syndromes.
Some allergies relate to skin.
Some allergies relate to syndromes.
Some allergies run in families.
Alleviate customer fears about their products by putting a clause to substantiate it activities.
Alley isa street.
Alleys are a gap waiting to be filled.
Alleys are a tangle of weeds that shroud discarded appliances.
Alleys are inappropriate for use as primary access to properties.
Alleys are located in big cities.
Alleys are located in towns.
Alleys are streets.
Alleys are too narrow for big equipment.
Alleys are used for bowling.
Alleys are used for cats.
Alleys are used for deliveries.
Alleys are used for garages.
Alleys are used for trash containers.
Alleys are used for walks.
Alleys have (part) readsides.
Alleys have (part) safety islands.
Alleys have (part) safety isles.
Alleys have (part) safety zones.
Alleys have (part) traffic circles.
Alleys have (part) traffic islands.
Alleys keep ugly utilities in the back.
Alleys lead to garages in the rear.
Alleys serve both sides of the street.
Alleys tell the true state and direction of a neighborhood.
An alley is a street
All alleys are sixteen and a half feet wide.
Every alley undoubtedly has, sooner or later, some way out.
Many alleys are nice for skating too.
Many alleys have no provisions for a vehicle to turn around at dead ends.
Most alleys have computerized systems to keep track of scores and number of games played.
Some alleys are almost too narrow to let cars enter.
Alleyway management involves mowing or flailing a permanent sod.
Alleyways have limited eligibility.
An alleyway is a street
Allflex cattle pen available in fine or broad tip.
Alliance candidate demonizes unions.
Alliance schools have a demonstrated record of improving students' test scores.
Alliance society is designed to allow individuals to achieve their greatest potentials.
Alliance also adds to another level of humanity to any game in existence.
Alliance also has strategic relationships with other firms to complement our capabilities.
Alliance also invests in firms active in Burma.
Alliance announces specifications for trusted computing .
Alliance are a spent force.
Alliance aspires to the creation of shared, fair, and fully integrated society.
Alliance believes in lifelong learning and training.
Alliance believes that a quality environment is integral to quality of life.
Alliance believes that diversity leads to strength.
Alliance believes that too much stock is placed on the display of communal or national symbols.
Alliance boasts high attendance, few drop-outs and less of the drama associated with adolescence.
Alliance calls for action on drugs and mental health .
Alliance can pay big dividends.
Alliance comes out.
Alliance distributes world-wide.
Alliance distributes worldwide.
Alliance fails to make Ontario breakthrough in election.
Alliance further believes that responsibilities come with rights.
Alliance gives companies a unique base from which to operate.
Alliance has always put people first.
Alliance intends to meet the demands of a growing regional jet market in North America and Europe.
Alliance is a dream web team.
Alliance is a full service game distributor serving retailers all around the world.
Alliance is a key word in the new name.
Alliance is a kind of relative relationship which always targets a third party.
Alliance is a market leader.
Alliance is a party of the cross-community centre of Northern Ireland politics.
Alliance is a privately-held company.
Alliance is a proactive act of self-love.
Alliance is a proactive act of trust.
Alliance is a progressive and expanding organization.
Alliance is a statewide volunteer organization working to end the abuse of animals.
Alliance is a wonderful, close-knit city with opportunities abounding.
Alliance is also a puzzle game.
Alliance is always good.
Alliance is an integrated cooperative system.
Alliance is an italian pbem with an original setting.
Alliance is committed to combating political divisions, and creating a realigned political culture.
Alliance is committed to creating families.
Alliance is committed to helping local communities in their opposition to new landfills.
Alliance is county seat of Box Butte County Nebraska.
Alliance is different to the other significant political parties in Northern Ireland.
Alliance is hard work.
Alliance is just the right blend of story, strategy, and action.
Alliance is known as the home of the scarlet carnation or the Carnation City, for short.
Alliance is located in Stark County Ohio.
Alliance is made with Britain, Sweden and Denmark.
Alliance is neither.
Alliance is no exception.
Alliance is proud to Sponsor and maintain two race cars in two seperate racing leagues.
Alliance is the leader in project management with technology and customer service.
Alliance is the nucleus of our company.
Alliance is the world's first electronic trading network for futures and option contracts.
Alliance is to be mutually beneficial.
Alliance means partnering with our customers and our employees.
Alliance now faces deeper problems.
Alliance offers a competitive salary and benefit plan.
Alliance offers comprehensive health insurance and benefits package to consultants.
Alliance offers features that every user is certain to grasp.
Alliance offers inbound and outbound services in English and Spanish.
Alliance operates in conjunction with a dedicated group of professional auction associates.
Alliance predicts patients' outcome beyond in-treatment change in symptoms.
Alliance provides dynamic document sharing and variable sized fragments.
Alliance provides information, research, and support services.
Alliance provides turnkey solutions to asset management.
Alliance puts people first.
Alliance recommends having a monthly teleconference call.
Alliance Reports Changing the way business thinks about the environment.
Alliance selects securities based on it's proprietary research.
Alliance sites their land availablility.
Alliance stresses the importance of sustainable development.
Alliance strives to provide employees with an excellent work environment, second to none.
Alliance takes a similarly equivocal stance.
Alliance takes care of document access control and distribution.
Alliance therefore welcomes the initiative to create a further NI Bill of Rights.
Alliances Abroad Click here to continue to our new site.
Alliances Abroad contains teaching positions, internships and volunteer opportunities abroad.
Alliances allow the following.
Alliances also encourage coordinated flight schedules and better use of ground personnel.
Alliances also provide a way for organisations to leverage resources.
Alliances are a proven way of creating efficiencies and increasing competitiveness.
Alliances are a way to manage complexity and interdependence.
Alliances are a way to overcome inertia.
Alliances are about means.
Alliances are another clear trend among the more vigorous sites.
Alliances are between people.
Alliances are coalition.
Alliances are common and betrayal just as common.
Alliances are connections.
Alliances are critical to the success of Entrust s mission of creating secure organizations.
Alliances are different from collective security systems.
Alliances are different.
Alliances are for the long-term.
Alliances are for wimps.
Alliances are grass-roots groups that deal with state, local, and campus issues in their community.
Alliances are incredibly, even decisively, important.
Alliances are instruments for survival, growth, and extending skills and services.
Alliances are likely to shift again.
Alliances are now with single companies addressing competitive issues.
Alliances are organizations.
Alliances are the key to creating market share and exposure.
Alliances are the lifeblood of the biotech sector more than almost any other industry.
Alliances are the places to hedge all bets.
Alliances are the very warp and woof of politics.
Alliances are treaties.
Alliances are very different.
Alliances bridge the gaps within the beef industry linking the consumer to the gene pool.
Alliances can also create value by shifting power relative to suppliers and customers.
Alliances can be a critical key to long term success.
Alliances can be part of the answer.
Alliances can be trade associations that work closely together.
Alliances can change.
Alliances can help defenders fortify their positions.
Alliances can help to provide basic or special resources.
Alliances can involve commuter carriers, domestic carriers, foreign carriers, or a combination.
Alliances can offer business, government and civil society new solutions to common concerns.
Alliances can offer business, government, and civil society new solutions to common concerns.
Alliances can produce constant and sometimes unanticipated benefits.
Alliances can quickly shift.
Alliances can share resources, planets, information, and support each other in combat.
Alliances change and many feel frustrated from the disunity.
Alliances come and go.
Alliances come in all shapes and sizes.
Alliances cooperate to gain access to females and keep other males away from an individual female.
Alliances create power.
Alliances created by a variety of innovative programs foster economic growth throughout the region.
Alliances die when they win.
Alliances dissolve as quickly as they coalesce in the gossip-driven hubbub.
Alliances do provide a sensible vehicle for some voluntary wool promotion expenditure.
Alliances drive the competitive forces that make the new system work for consumers and employers.
Alliances form across channels.
Alliances form and dissolve depending on political circumstances.
Alliances form based on mutual self-interest.
Alliances form in reaction to a threat to a country's security.
Alliances form the third loop of our circulatory system.
Alliances formed for the elimination matches stay together for the remainder of the event.
Alliances have to be established and rooted.
Alliances involving code-sharing are in many respects the most controversial.
Alliances is under development in England, and as of yet has no scheduled release date.
Alliances last only for the duration of a match.
Alliances Learn more about our business alliances and visit their web sites for more information.
Alliances lend a special synergy to our regional efforts.
Alliances look good on paper, but are in reality an unmitigated disaster.
Alliances negotiate rates for premiums with each health plan and collect premium contributions.
Alliances now appear everywhere.
Alliances now provide more than half the capital invested in biotechnology.
Alliances Nurturing friendships in high or strategic places is a significant tactic.
Alliances offer many potential benefits to producers, particularly small producers.
Alliances offer more destinations and paths.
Alliances offer the promise of providing effective service.
Alliances provide a jump start to rapid revenue growth and market share gain.
Alliances provide greater routing and transit time flexibility.
Alliances remain unchanged unless manually changed by operator.
Alliances shift constantly in the turbulent world of Kurdish politics.
Alliances shift from issue to issue.
Alliances span work groups, departments, agencies, and operating levels.
Alliances There is strength in numbers.
Alliances uses a real-time combat system.
An alliance is fusion
Alliances often occur between brothers or other relatives.
All alliances are volatile.
Many alliances can break down during the executable phase.
Many alliances fall short because companies fail to delve deeply into details.
Most Alliances also function as cultural centers and social forums for their communities.
Most alliances cross state boundaries.
Most alliances like to know what is going on in their territory.
Some alliances persist after the common enemy has been defeated.
Some alliances publish average premiums paid across all cattle marketed in their system.
Allied armies liberate Paris.
Allied bombers get through.
Many allied businesses deal with subjects important to the home inspector.
Allied commander says the abandoned town has no military significance.
Allied companies supply products and services to the motor carrier industry.
Allied economists start scrambling to find replacements.
Allied equipment is generally inferior to Japanese gear.
Allied fleet destroys outer forts of Dardanelles.
Allied fleets bombard Turkish forts in the Dardanelles. . . . . . .
Allied forces are in full retreat, with hordes of deserters causing chaos.
Allied forces capture German anti-invasion defenses.
Allied forces conquer Sicily.
Allied forces go to war, bloody battles by the score, London, Paris, many more.
Allied forces invade Sicily, Italy.
Allied forces invade Sicily.
Allied forces land in southern France.
Allied forces launch a major offensive in central Italy.
Allied forces occupy Athens, seize entire Greek navy and take over railroads, forts, etc. . . . .
Allied forces operate a 'no-fly zone' over Northern Iraq, barring any flights by Iraqi aircraft.
Allied forces perform an amphibious invasion of Sicily.
Allied members are vendors that sell products or services to the hospitality industry.
Allied membership is a non-voting membership.
Allied membership is open to businesses and providers who service the travel industry in Virginia.
Allied moves support the appropriate side, any others support defence.
Allied officials say some strikes are abandoned because of bad weather.
Allied organizations are non-voting members.
Allied pilots begin flying combat air patrols to thwart Iraqi flights to Iran.
Allied pilots bomb Manila for the first time.
Allied planes attack a speeding German locomotive.
Allied planes drop a group of six GIs, while Soviet planes drop nine Conscripts.
Allied players behave more intelligently and allow for much better wing play.
Allied players can garrison units inside each other's rams.
Allied propaganda is one thing.
Allied reenactors wear authentic WWII uniforms.
Allied shipping arrives at Antwerp harbor.
Allied species occur in various parts of Asia.
Allied spies spread a paste of mercury on the wings and fuselages of German planes.
Allied studies are on the insect blood-brain barrier relative to pesticide entry.
Allied tanks beware.
Allied troops capture Marseilles, France.
Allied troops enter Athens to insist upon surrender of Greek arms and munitions.
Allied troops evacuate Greece.
Allied troops land on southern Philippine Island of Leyte.
Allied troops leave France after three years.
Allied troops parachute into the Netherlands.
Allied troops take control of Kuwait.
All Allied troops leave Norway.
Allied units begin in three clumps.
Allied units invade historically.
Allied units occupy virtually all of Germany, though scattered resistance continues.
Allied units start next to the area they enter.
Most Allied units have fewer steps but more replacements are available.
Allied warplanes begin weeks of non-stop pounding of Iraqi defenses.
Alligator attacks are uncommon.
Alligator clip bypasses the tuner's microphone.
Alligator clips contain a number of metals and are sometimes coated with cadmium.
An alligator clip is a clip
Alligator eggs are quite hard, sea turtles are soft, snakes are soft.
Alligator farms are popular tourist attractions in the Southeastern United States.
Alligator gar are highly prized and sought after for private aquaria, particularly in Japan.
Alligator gar are known to inhabit large rivers, tributaries, reservoirs and backwaters.
Alligator gar can do that.
Alligator gar can live for many decades.
Alligator gar feeds upon birds in Texas.
Alligator gar is the largest of the gar species.
Alligator gar live a long time and take decades to reach trophy size.
Alligator gars have teeth.
Alligator gars have two rows of teeth.
Alligator gars inhabit water.
Most alligator gars have teeth.
Some alligator gars have black spots.
Some alligator gars have spots.
Alligator hunts are available during season.
Alligator juniper is an important component of the southern portion of pinyon-juniper woodlands.
Alligator juniper provides shade and shelter for wildlife and livestock.
Alligator Lake is another water which presents anglers with a chance to land a trophy salmon.
Alligator lizards adapt to being active during different times in different microhabitats.
Alligator lizards shed skin.
Alligator lizards sport a flat, wedge-shaped head.
An alligator lizard is a lizard
Most alligator lizards shed skin.
Alligator meat is a mild taste and is low in fat.
Alligator meat is carried at some local fish markets.
Alligator meat is surprisingly tender, light, and subtly flavored.
Alligator River is no exception.
Alligator snapper is a turtle
Alligator snappers are less active in the winter and experience a drop in metabolism.
Alligator snappers are opportunistic feeders that are almost entirely carnivorous .
Alligator snappers are some of the largest predators of the southeastern rivers.
Alligator snappers are the largest turtles of North America, except for sea turtles.
Alligator turtles play roles.
Most alligator turtles play roles.
Some alligator turtles eat frogs.
Some alligator turtles live to ages.
Alligator weed is thought to have been introduced by way of ballast dumped from sailing ships.
An alligator weed is a weed
Alligator wrestling is a popular attraction.
Alligator wrestling is another.
Alligator also eat carrion-the remains of animals that are already dead.
Alligator can be a bit of a delicacy here.
Alligator farming as a viable agricultural industry has several distinct advantages.
Alligator is already out.
Alligator is excellent for tracking.
Alligator is low in sodium.
Alligator is readily available online from many exotic meat distributors.
Alligator isa crocodilian.
Alligator leads work well to connect the motors.
Alligator nesting is underway as females guard their eggs.
Alligator raising facilities are characterized by many different building designs and sizes.
Alligator ranching provides meat and skins without upsetting the balance of nature.
Alligator rests quietly, beneath the waters, ready to grasp experience as it comes, and hang on.
Alligator shows three times daily.
Alligator skins are more expensive than crocodile.
Alligator snapping turtles are the largest freshwater turtles in North America.
Alligator snapping turtles can stay submerged almost an hour before coming up for air.
Alligator snapping turtles live in rivers whose water finally drains into the Gulf of Mexico.
Alligator snapping turtles live in southeastern and extreme southern Missouri.
Alligator tastes somewhere between chicken and rabbit, with perhaps a hint of frog legs.
Alligators absorb heat.
Alligators achieve body temperature.
Alligators achieve prefer body temperature.
Alligators achieve temperature.
Alligators actually have very good eyesight, which is an important adaptation for hunting.
Alligators also are good indicators of environmental factors, such as toxin levels.
Alligators also emit sounds called chumpfs.
Alligators also like to eat snakes.
Alligators also provide aesthetic, educational, recreational, and economic benefits to humans.
Alligators also use water to hunt.
Alligators are a primary attraction on many of the tours.
Alligators are a prominent presence in Florida's Everglades.
Alligators are a real curiosity to see.
Alligators are a reminder of the past prehistoric era.
Alligators are a vital part of the Florida swamp, and play a key role in maintaining the wetlands.
Alligators are able to tolerate slightly colder waters.
Alligators are about nine inches long when they hatch.
Alligators are abundant.
Alligators are active in the summer and are mostly observed sunning on banks.
Alligators are active in the summer and are observed sunning on banks mostly during spring and fall.
Alligators are also important to maintaining the viability of marshes.
Alligators are also less aggressive than crocodilids .
Alligators are also less aggressive than crocodilids.
Alligators are also much less aggressive and active than crocodiles.
Alligators are also much less aggressive and slower moving than crocodiles.
Alligators are also present year-round.
Alligators are also present.
Alligators are always present.
Alligators are among the most nurturing of the reptiles.
Alligators are broad-snouted and are found only in the southern United States and eastern China.
Alligators are capable of submerging underwater for several hours.
Alligators are carnivores.
Alligators are carnivorous and eat anything they can catch.
Alligators are carnivorous and feed on a variety of other animals.
Alligators are carnivorous reptiles whose primary feeding time is at night.
Alligators are cold blooded and enjoy warming themselves in the sun.
Alligators are cold blooded reptiles which become dormant or inactive in cold weather.
Alligators are cold blooded.
Alligators are cold-blooded animals.
Alligators are common.
Alligators are critical to the survival of Everglades National Park.
Alligators are crocodilians, just a separate group like caimans or garials.
Alligators are dangerous.
Alligators are dark green, and have a short, wide snout.
Alligators are dormant throughout much of the winter season.
Alligators are down until spring, and lizards are trying to stay warm in hidden places.
Alligators are extremely quick and agile.
Alligators are fascinating.
Alligators are freshwater reptiles, favoring the rivers, lakes, swamps, and marshes of the coast.
Alligators are generally more active when the weather is warm.
Alligators are grayish-black.
Alligators are hunted for their meat and internal organs for alternative medicine use and also food.
Alligators are immune to the bite of poisonous snakes.
Alligators are immune to the bite of venomous snakes.
Alligators are in the reptile family, cold-blooded.
Alligators are indigenous to South Carolina and are found in lakes, swamps, and slow-moving streams.
Alligators are just as scared of people as barracudas are.
Alligators are large reptiles, members of the order Crocodylia.
Alligators are large, lizard-like reptiles with broadly rounded snouts.
Alligators are large, meat-eating reptiles that spend a lot of their lives in the water.
Alligators are leathers.
Alligators are like other reptiles.
Alligators are located in beachs.
Alligators are located in swamp.
Alligators are native only to the United States and China .
Alligators are native only to the United States and China.
Alligators are no joke, even in the busiest Florida cities.
Alligators are nocturnal and feed primarily at night.
Alligators are numerous in some areas of the park.
Alligators are often visible in many areas of the refuge.
Alligators are one of the last living links with the dinosaurlike reptiles of prehistoric times.
Alligators are opportunistic feeders.
Alligators are part of nature too.
Alligators are patient predators.
Alligators are polygynous.
Alligators are predators they live by killing and eating other creatures.
Alligators are primarily nocturnal.
Alligators are raised commercially for their meat and skin, which is used for bags and shoes.
Alligators are reptiles, and they generally only eat once a week.
Alligators are reptiles.
Alligators are sensitive indicators of lake health.
Alligators are similar in many respects to the closely related crocodiles.
Alligators are so fast a pet can vanish before it's owner can take a deep breath.
Alligators are social creatures and often stay in groups called congregations.
Alligators are survivors of prehistoric times.
Alligators are territorial especially during the breeding and nesting season.
Alligators are the largest reptiles in North America.
Alligators are the permanent residents of China and United States.
Alligators are to be tagged immediately upon harvest before moving from the capture location.
Alligators are very common and are easily seen basking in the warm sun.
Alligators are very similar to crocodiles, although generally less aggressive.
Alligators are very successful hunters.
Alligators are visible in many places on the way to Everglades City.
Alligators are worse.
Alligators attack animals.
Alligators avoid metabolically active temperatures in fall since prey are dispersed.
Alligators become predators.
Alligators bellow territorial warnings as mating begins.
Alligators breathe by inhaling air into their lungs.
Alligators build mounds.
Alligators build their nests at the high-water level.
Alligators build their nests from materials like twigs, leaves, and bark.
Alligators can be dangerous.
Alligators can be subtle.
Alligators can digest bones, beaks and feathers.
Alligators can stay under water for up to an hour.
Alligators can withstand cold better than crocodiles.
Alligators come from reptiles.
Alligators come out in the early fall to warm up in the sun on the banks of Bluff Lake.
Alligators commonly bellow and roar at one another.
Alligators commonly prey on species that are smaller than their own size.
Alligators consume fish.
Alligators differ from crocodiles in several ways.
Alligators dig holes that trap water.
Alligators dig holes.
Alligators eat a varied diet of insects, fish, shellfish, frogs, water birds, and small mammals.
Alligators eat all kinds of animal.
Alligators eat fish.
Alligators eat food.
Alligators eat frogs.
Alligators eat insects.
Alligators eat mammals.
Alligators eat meat.
Alligators eat prey.
Alligators eat rough fish.
Alligators eat small animals and objects.
Alligators eat small fish.
Alligators enter water.
Alligators establish ranges.
Alligators excrete waste.
Alligators exhibit movement.
Alligators exist in areas.
Alligators feature a lower jaw that is thinner than the top one.
Alligators feed in the evening, but they can attack at any time of day.
Alligators feed on anything in the water or on land that they can catch and swallow.
Alligators feed on mammals.
Alligators feed upon animals that visit the hole.
Alligators follow prey.
Alligators go into a reproductive cycle once a year and many tend to skip years.
Alligators go on four feet.
Alligators go under water into caves.
Alligators grow less the older they become.
Alligators have (part) brains.
Alligators have (part) breasts.
Alligators have (part) cell membranes.
Alligators have (part) cells.
Alligators have (part) chest cavities.
Alligators have (part) chests.
Alligators have (part) corpi.
Alligators have (part) cytoplasm.
Alligators have (part) ears.
Alligators have (part) faces.
Alligators have (part) heads.
Alligators have (part) nuclei.
Alligators have (part) pedal extremities.
Alligators have (part) plasma membranes.
Alligators have (part) rib cages.
Alligators have (part) sections.
Alligators have (part) skulls.
Alligators have (part) sterna.
Alligators have (part) vacuoles.
Alligators have (part) vertebrate feet.
Alligators have a broad and rounded snout.
Alligators have a broad and short snout in comparison to the crocodile's long and pointed one.
Alligators have a broad snout.
Alligators have a broader, more rounded snout while crocodiles have a narrower, more pointed snout.
Alligators have a huge number of pathogens in their mouths.
Alligators have a natural fear of humans.
Alligators have a short, blunt and rounded snout .
Alligators have a stumpy short snout.
Alligators have a unique set of teeth.
Alligators have a wide range of calls and vocalizations .
Alligators have an average lifespan of fifty years.
Alligators have an overbite.
Alligators have broad, rounded snouts while crocodiles have long, nearly pointed snouts.
Alligators have broader heads and blunter snouts.
Alligators have conditions.
Alligators have energy requirements.
Alligators have eyelids.
Alligators have eyes.
Alligators have heads.
Alligators have heavy bone structure and massive skulls.
Alligators have jaws designed for ripping and tearing flesh rather than for chewing it.
Alligators have legs.
Alligators have many instincts, such as to find food or mate.
Alligators have minimal energy requirements.
Alligators have minimal requirements.
Alligators have no known predators, except man.
Alligators have plenty of teeth, but fewer show until the mouth is open.
Alligators have poor eyesight.
Alligators have requirements.
Alligators have ribs, and they are fairly large, curved affairs.
Alligators have round snouts.
Alligators have semi-transparent membranes which cover their eyes when submerging under water.
Alligators have several adaptations for living near water, marshes, rivers and estuaries.
Alligators have short legs.
Alligators have shorter and wider snouts .
Alligators have shorter and wider snouts.
Alligators have skin.
Alligators have snouts.
Alligators have structures.
Alligators have teeth.
Alligators have to lift their heads out of the water to eat.
Alligators have toes.
Alligators have tongues.
Alligators have transparent eyelids.
Alligators have valves in their ears and nostrils to keep water out.
Alligators have very small brains and act instinctively.
Alligators have weird innards.
Alligators have years.
Alligators help other Everglades animals by keeping water holes open.
Alligators hide in burrows but they come out in the spring.
Alligators hunt food from just before sundown to sunrise, so they are very active around dusk.
Alligators inhabit more areas of the United States than crocodiles do.
Alligators inhabit most of the island's lagoons.
Alligators inhabit rivers, swamps, estuaries, lakes, and marshes.
Alligators inhabit the sewers of New York City.
Alligators lay eggs and the females exhibit advanced parental care.
Alligators lay eggs in nests near the water.
Alligators lay hard-shelled, almost porcelain like eggs.
Alligators like to stay in the water.
Alligators live in adverse environments.
Alligators live in environments.
Alligators live in Florida.
Alligators live in freshwater lakes, rivers, and swamps.
Alligators live in lagoons.
Alligators live in regions.
Alligators live in salt water.
Alligators live in streams.
Alligators live in swamp.
Alligators live in swampy areas, rivers, streams, lakes and ponds.
Alligators live in the southeastern United States.
Alligators live in the swamps and wetlands of the southeastern United States.
Alligators live in the swamps.
Alligators live in water.
Alligators live longer in captivity than in the wild.
Alligators look docile and quiet when they are sunning.
Alligators make good pets.
Alligators make pitch sound.
Alligators make sound.
Alligators make terrible pets.
Alligators make their dens and nests along the wet banks of swampy rivers, bayous, and lakes.
Alligators make their nests in the dense sawgrass, and swim in the murky water.
Alligators mate during the spring.
Alligators mate in the autumn and spring, and females build their nest mounds in the early summer.
Alligators mate in the spring, after emerging from hibernation.
Alligators mature at the age of ten to twelve and are six feet long.
Alligators move around and frequently relocate.
Alligators occur in regions.
Alligators occur in temperate regions.
Alligators overcome their natural shyness and become accustomed or attracted to humans when fed.
Alligators pick up frogs.
Alligators play a vital role in wetland wildlife communities.
Alligators play an important ecological role during a drought.
Alligators play an important role in the ecosystem.
Alligators play an important role in the Everglades ecosystem.
Alligators prefer to eat small animals that live on and around the water.
Alligators prefer to stay off to themselves and are very illusive.
Alligators primarily hunt at dusk or during the night.
Alligators primarily inhabit fresh water.
Alligators primarily prey on smaller species which they kill with a single bite.
Alligators protect hatchlings.
Alligators protect nests from natural predators, like raccoons and opossums.
Alligators provide evidence for the evolution of an archosaurian mode of oviparity.
Alligators provide more care for their young than do most reptiles.
Alligators range from central Texas eastward to North Carolina.
Alligators range inland throughout the southern coastal flatland.
Alligators reach adulthood.
Alligators reach foot length.
Alligators reach length.
Alligators regularly cruise the marshy shore.
Alligators remain in areas.
Alligators remain in small areas.
Alligators replace their teeth throughout their life.
Alligators rule here, sliding confidently through the murky water.
Alligators seek mates.
Alligators shake heads.
Alligators share ancestors.
Alligators share common ancestors.
Alligators share many similarity.
Alligators share similarity.
Alligators slide from the banks.
Alligators snap their jaws at almost anything.
Alligators spend much of their lives in water.
Alligators start their lives as eggs on a swampy shore and can live for several decades.
Alligators submerge eyes.
Alligators submerge in freeze water.
Alligators submerge in water.
Alligators sun themselves on banks of the hammocks and canals or glide through the waters.
Alligators survive cold seasons.
Alligators survive seasons.
Alligators swallow their food whole.
Alligators swim by moving their tails from side to side.
Alligators swim underwater, walk on land, bellow, hiss, and prey on the less powerful.
Alligators tend to have a longer than average life span.
Alligators use a similar method to control their body temperature.
Alligators use tails.
Alligators use their tails and feet to swim.
Alligators venture into salt water.
Alligators venture into water.
Alligators weigh pounds.
Alligators weigh several hundred pounds.
An alligator is a crocodilian
Alligators often cruise the pond.
Alligators often open their mouths when tapped lightly.
Alligators usually prefer to hunt at night, so during zoo hours they are resting.
All alligators bask, smaller ones most frequently.
All alligators determine the sex of their offspring by the temperature of the nest.
Most alligators absorb heat.
Most alligators achieve body temperature.
Most alligators achieve prefer body temperature.
Most alligators achieve temperature.
Most alligators become predators.
Most alligators come from reptiles.
Most alligators consume fish.
Most alligators dig holes.
Most alligators eat fish.
Most alligators eat food.
Most alligators eat frogs.
Most alligators eat insects.
Most alligators eat mammals.
Most alligators eat meat.
Most alligators eat prey.
Most alligators eat rough fish.
Most alligators eat small fish.
Most alligators enter water.
Most alligators establish ranges.
Most alligators excrete waste.
Most alligators exhibit movement.
Most alligators exist in areas.
Most alligators fear humans.
Most alligators feed on mammals.
Most alligators follow prey.
Most alligators have conditions.
Most alligators have energy requirements.
Most alligators have eyelids.
Most alligators have eyes.
Most alligators have heads.
Most alligators have legs.
Most alligators have minimal energy requirements.
Most alligators have minimal requirements.
Most alligators have requirements.
Most alligators have round snouts.
Most alligators have short legs.
Most alligators have skin.
Most alligators have snouts.
Most alligators have structures.
Most alligators have teeth.
Most alligators have toes.
Most alligators have transparent eyelids.
Most alligators have years.
Most alligators live in adverse environments.
Most alligators live in environments.
Most alligators live in Florida.
Most alligators live in lagoons.
Most alligators live in regions.
Most alligators live in salt water.
Most alligators live in streams.
Most alligators live in swamp.
Most alligators live in water.
Most alligators make pitch sound.
Most alligators make sound.
Most alligators occur in regions.
Most alligators occur in temperate regions.
Most alligators pick up frogs.
Most alligators protect hatchlings.
Most alligators reach adulthood.
Most alligators reach foot length.
Most alligators reach length.
Most alligators remain in areas.
Most alligators remain in small areas.
Most alligators seek mates.
Most alligators shake heads.
Most alligators share ancestors.
Most alligators share common ancestors.
Most alligators share many similarity.
Most alligators share similarity.
Most alligators submerge eyes.
Most alligators submerge in freeze water.
Most alligators submerge in water.
Most alligators survive cold seasons.
Most alligators survive seasons.
Most alligators use tails.
Most alligators venture into salt water.
Most alligators venture into water.
Most alligators weigh pounds.
Some alligators are harvested for skin.
Some alligators attack humans.
Some alligators break bones.
Some alligators build habitats.
Some alligators cross roads.
Some alligators dig burrows.
Some alligators eat anything.
Some alligators eat ducks.
Some alligators eat mallards.
Some alligators eat pythons.
Some alligators eat rodents.
Some alligators eat snakes.
Some alligators eat turtles.
Some alligators emerge from dormancy.
Some alligators emerge from winter dormancy.
Some alligators emit pheromone.
Some alligators enter suburbs.
Some alligators escape from zoos.
Some alligators excrete alkaline urine.
Some alligators excrete urine.
Some alligators have attitude.
Some alligators have average levels.
Some alligators have cuticles.
Some alligators have estrogen levels.
Some alligators have levels.
Some alligators have linear home ranges.
Some alligators have linear ranges.
Some alligators have predators.
Some alligators have protective cuticles.
Some alligators have ranges.
Some alligators live in habitats.
Some alligators live in lakes.
Some alligators live in Louisiana.
Some alligators live in marsh.
Some alligators live in moats.
Some alligators live in wetland.
Some alligators live in zoos.
Some alligators live up to years.
Some alligators provide food.
Some alligators provide services.
Some alligators provide vital ecological services.
Some alligators reach feet.
Some alligators share habitats.
Some alligators show deformities.
Some alligators show jaw deformities.
Alliteration comes easy with the exhilaration of a successful engagement.
Alliteration is a fantastic, fun, fabulous way to dress up a plain title.
Alliteration is a poetic device where the author uses similar consonant sounds in a row.
Alliteration is a term that describes a literary stylistic device.
Alliteration is a way of putting words together that have some of the same sounds.
Alliteration is all about sound.
Alliteration is common.
Alliteration is consonance.
Alliteration is defined and students identify examples in the poems.
Alliteration is important.
Alliteration is one form of repetition that ought to be used with special care.
Alliteration is part of rhyme.
Alliteration is rhyme
Alliteration is rhyme.
Alliteration is so pedestrian.
Alliteration is the repetition of consonant sounds, assonance is the repetition of vowel sounds.
Alliteration is the repetition of initial consonant sounds.
Alliteration is used for the pleasure of the repetition and to produce emphasis.
Alliteration is used to make the sentences flow in the motion of a serpent.
Alliteration means that every word in the sentence begins with the same letter.
Alliteration uses a repetition of consonants.
Alliterations are phrases or sentences that have the same beginning sounds.
Alliterations are phrases that begin with the same sound.
Many alliterations are tongue twisters.
Alliterative verse is a highly complex, highly sophisticated system of prosody.
Alliterative verse is based very closely on the prosodic word and the prosodic phrase.
Allocatable arrays can be actual arguments.
Allocated blocks have always an even number of bytes.
Allocated funds are subordinate to summary funds.
Allocated memory can hold the fragment for later reassembly.
Allocated memory contains the data fields of all objects, lined up one after the other.
Allocated pensions provide a flexible retirement income using superannuation benefits.
Allocated resource reverses the edge direction.
Allocated resources contribute to achievement of outcome goals by State agencies.
Allocation of resources is a primary managerial responsibility.
Allocation of resources is done automatically by a scheduler during the compilation process.
Allocation becomes trivial, since all free space is always contiguous.
Allocation becomes trivial.
Allocation can be system generated or manually entered.
Allocation Displays the allocation description.
Allocation Displays the allocation for the invoice.
Allocation Enter the allocation number if known.
Allocation Enter the department name and phone number of the contact.
Allocation Generate the six ability scores normally.
Allocation is by doubling or halving.
Allocation is discussed below.
Allocation is enough for approx.
Allocation is fast, no fragmentation.
Allocation is on a first come first served basis.
Allocation is one solution to recovery.
Allocation is the mixture between different investment classes.
Allocation is the one issue that continues to be problematic.
Allocation is very cheap, requiring only an increment of the heap pointer.
Allocation necessarily implies the making of distinctions, the primary meaning of discrimination.
Allocation only occurs when a program stores information in a particular location of the file.
Allocation See policy.
Allocation takes place at many levels.
Allocation typically results in additional requirements for interfaces.
Allocation works across both dayparts and cable.
Allocations are a result of agreed upon water quality standards for a stream.
Allocations are assignments.
Allocations are at the same rate as instruction funds.
Allocations are contingent on legislative appropriations and available revenue for the fiscal year.
Allocations are expenditure guidelines for a stated purpose or program.
Allocations are good for one year.
Allocations are provisional until the detailed feedback has been circulated.
Allocations are usually easier to obtain, and the fun and excitement is almost guaranteed.
Allocations are usually only for state and federal funds.
Allocations are varied at each school.
Allocations can range from conservative to aggressive.
Allocations here are fairly complicated.
Allocations vary according to borrower type.
Allocations vary widely in nature and cost.
An allocation is a share
All allocations are contiguous.
Allocative efficiency describes how best to distribute resources across competing programs.
Allocative efficiency is a measure of the allocation of productive inputs to their best use.
Allocative efficiency is the theoretical justification for the usage of money.
Allocative efficiency matches public spending with consumer preferences.
Allocative efficiency occurs when marginal social benefits are equal to marginal social costs.
Allocative efficiency occurs when total social cost equals total social benefit.
Allocative expenditure aimed at improving the free market outcome poses more difficulties.
Allocative inefficiencies arise in the costs involved in monitoring an agreement with an agent.
Allocators are objects which encapsulate information about the memory model used.
Allocators manage memory allocation for a container.
An allocator is authority
Allodial title means supreme ownership.
Allogeneic blood is always available in emergencies.
Allogeneic transplant means the stem cells come from a donor.
Allogeneic transplantation is advisable in first remission.
Allogeneic transplantation is an infinitely more complicated and severe procedure.
Allogeneic transplantation is the treatment of choice at relapse.
Allogeneic transplantation uses marrow from a family member or unrelated donor.
Allogenic caves tend to flood easily, and accumulate more organic material from outside.
Allogenic transplants are cells collected from relatives of the patient.
Allografts are grafts between different species.
Allografts are tissue that is removed from one individual and used on a different individual.
Allografts have a distinct place in the treatment of benign bone lesions in children.
An allograft is a transplant
Allomaternal care is provided most often by juveniles and young adults.
Allometric growth is described with emphasis on the estimation of body weight from shoulder height.
Allometric growth is the phenomenon of the different growth rates of parts within the same organism.
Allometric growth is the phenomenon where parts of the same organism grow at different rates.
Allometric relationships allow estimation of root biomass.
Most allometric relationships are adaptive .
Most allometric relationships are adaptive.
Allopathic anatomy organizes the human body into several distinct systems that function together.
Allopathic doctors seek to treat the joint pain by reducing the joint pain.
Allopathic medicine attempts to create a force opposite to the symptom.
Allopathic medicine considers the underlying cause of migraine to be unknown.
Allopathic medicine is concentrated on different areas of specialty.
Allopathic medicine is responsible for saving many lives.
Allopathic medicine is the first type of treatment.
Allopathic medicine is the term used to refer to mainstream medical practice.
Allopathic philosophy holds that disease is caused by extrenal agents, chiefly bacteria and viruses.
Allopathic physicians are masters at prescribing drugs and performing surgery.
Allopathic physicians offer surgery, chemotherapy and radiation to treat cancer.
Allopathic physicians see disease as one of two different things happening in the body.
Allopathic treatment can complicate homoeopathic management at three junctures.
Allopathy depends on knowing the cause of the illness and on being able to cure the cause.
An allopathy is medical aid
Allopatric populations can no longer occupy the same range due to adaptations to climate, food, etc.
Allopatric speciation begins when a population becomes geographically separated.
Allopatric speciation is especially common on island chains.
Allopatric speciation is suggested to be the major mode of speciation in the clade.
Allopatric speciation is the easiest to understand, particularly on oceanic islands.
Allopatric speciation is the least controversial mode of speciation.
Allopatric speciation needs a geographical barrier separating populations.
Allopatric speciation produces diversity.
Allopatric speciation takes place when two populations are geographically isolated.
Most allopatric speciation produces diversity.
Some allopatric speciation takes places.
Allopatry means 'different land'.
An allopatry is an occurrence
Allophones are non-contrastive.
Allophones are phoneme.
Allophones are specific phones of a specific phoneme.
Allophones are the sounds that are actually pronounced.
An allophone is phoneme
Allophonic systems can vary from speaker to speaker or more especially from language to language.
Allopurinol blocks xanthine oxidase, thus decreasing the amount of uric acid formation.
Allopurinol decreases production of uric acid.
Allopurinol passes into breast milk.
Allopurinols are drugs.
An allopurinol is medicine
Allosaurus eats other animals.
An allosaurus is a dinosaur
Allosteric effects are important in the regulation of enzymatic reactions.
Allosteric effects require the presence of two forms of the macromolecule.
Allosteric effectors bind at a site different from the active site.
Allosteric inhibition is generally a result of a. excess substrates.
Allosteric proteins can have their shape altered by bound ligands or nucleotides.
Allosteric regulation affects the two pathways in individual cells.
Allot products manage the traffic in co-location type network.
Allot products present a scalable QoS solution for co-location services.
Allotment is a share
Allotment is distribution.
Allotment is shares.
Allotment isa possession.
Allotment varies according to the number of mail households in a district.
Allotments are a vital feature of the Bradford District.
Allotments are a way of becoming more independent of the system.
Allotments are monthly, except as indicated.
Allotments continue to be small.
Allotropa growth begins in early spring as temperatures warm.
Allotropes are chemical elements.
Allotropes are different crystal structures for a specific type of element.
Allotropes are different forms of the same chemical element .
Allotropes are different forms of the same chemical element.
Allotropes have different chemical and physical properties.
An allotrope is an element
Allow ground covers to grow between trees to keep the soil cool.
Allow points file to have triangles.
Allow results pages time to load - they are large table files.
Allow rolls rise to double their size.
Allowable allocation is to be interpreted and prioritized differently by all three laboratories.
Allowable burr depends on the welding procedure and the specific application requirements.
Allowable categories are travel, lodging, meals, and copying.
Allowable claims are for increased rate of weight gain and improved feed efficiency.
Allowable claims are for increased rate of weight gain and improved feed effieciency.
Allowable combinations are one, two or three digits per segment.
Allowable costs are staff training and direct service to students.
All allowable costs consist of general instructional expenditures.
Allowable deductions cover a wide range of costs and services beyond physician and hospital care.
Allowable education expenses for a full time student include reasonable room and board.
Allowable error is expressed in units of concentration or percent of concentration.
Allowable expenses are reasonable expenses for refreshments and for commemorative items.
Allowable expenses vary according to the disciplinary area of the proposal.
Allowable items range from anplified phones to telebraille.
Allowable movements are North, South, East and West.
Allowable occupancy is limited depending on the unit.
Allowable payments vary according to the type of adoption.
Allowable properties are usually much lower than the properties of clear, straight-grained wood.
Allowable time is one hour per visit.
Allowable use is a management tool used by range scientists for decades.
Allowable values are the stages that are defined by the staging series.
Allowable words are as stated above.
Allowance races are exactly like their name implies.
Allowance can be negative, indicating an interference fit.
Allowance has to be made for the almost overwhelming emotional impact of the event.
Allowance has to made made for creep, in setting the tension.
Allowance is a share
Allowance is an important part of any child's development toward financial independence.
Allowance is discrepancies.
Allowance is license.
Allowance is made for changes in inventories.
Allowance is made for childcare and for compulsory military or civil service.
Allowance is made for individual learning styles and rates.
Allowance is made for lighter body color in young cats and darker color in older cats.
Allowance is made for management, engineering and other costs.
Allowance is made for payment of the master out of the county treasurer in certain cases.
Allowance is made for polishing and final tuning.
Allowance is made for the age and understanding of the child.
Allowance is made for the different levels of experience among the students.
Allowance is made for the earlier death of one spouse in a two-adult household.
Allowance is made for the volume occupied by frames and beams .
Allowance is pacts.
Allowance is reimbursement.
Allowance is shares.
Allowance is to be made for jowls.
Allowance is to be made for larger size in males.
Allowance is to be made for normal male characteristics.
Allowance is to be made for the longer body that is found in the bitches.
Allowance needs to be made for the specific water conditions.
Allowance needs to be made in the case of ballots or other key forms for spoilage.
Allowances are a valuable and tradable commodity.
Allowances are also available for solar, wind, and geothermal energy.
Allowances are available for presentation of papers at international conferences.
Allowances are every family member s right, within the real limitations of the family income.
Allowances are fully marketable commodities.
Allowances are made for muscular necks and shoulders in adult males.
Allowances are tax-free and indexed.
Allowances are the best way to teach young children financial responsibility.
Allowances are the first step to understanding written spending plans or budgets.
Allowances are the most important thing in being a parent.
Allowances are to be made for stud jowls in older males.
Allowances are transferable, allowing market forces to determine their price.
Allowances being made for a decade-old design, there are still two dreadful design features.
Allowances go up in smoke till little junior ends up broke.
Allowances have some disadvantages too.
Allowances have to be made for fabric stretch, and sometimes, body curves.
Allowances have to be made.
Allowances help children learn what things cost.
Allowances listed in the directive are maximums unless otherwise indicated.
Allowances only apply against the products they are listed against.
Allowances promote responsibility and show children how to manage money.
Allowances stop at age sixteen.
All allowances are approximate.
Most allowances are revocable if emission reduction targets change, and revocations have occurred.
Some allowance is made for education, spiritual, day care and health facilities.
Some allowance is made for real time rejection of artifacts.
Some allowances only cover expenditure incurred in a specified period.
Some allowances vary.
Alloy construction makes for a very lightweight and durable ride for both child and parent.
Alloy construction makes for a very lightweight stroller.
Alloy hand brakes.
Alloy metal has properties.
Most alloy metal has properties.
Many alloys of iron are resistant to corrosion.
Alloy rims are another great upgrade.
Alloy steel has superior tensile strength over carbon steel.
Alloy steel incorporated into blade extends tip life.
Alloy steel is steel
Alloy steel is steel.
Alloy steel makes the safest and best bolts for square heads.
Alloy steels are carbon steels with other additives such as nickel , chromium , vanadium , etc.
Alloy steels are carbon steels with other additives such as nickel and chromium.
Alloy steels are carbon steels with other additives such as nickel, chromium , vanadium, etc.
Alloy steels are carbon steels with other additives such as nickel, chromium, vanadium, etc.
Alloy steels are carbori steels with other additives, such as nickel, chromium, vanadium, etc.
Alloy steels are generally more responsive to heat and mechanical treatments than carbon steels .
Alloy steels contain iron, the nonmetal carbon and at least one other metal.
Alloy steels have a specified composition, containing certain percentages of other elements.
Alloy wheel locks all types.
Alloy wheels are optional.
Alloy are for improving crystal life when using higher stress coatings such as magnesium fluoride.
Alloy cantilever brakes.
Alloy collects tracks from their five previous CDs along with live cuts, demos and rarities.
Alloy contains chromium.
Alloy contains copper.
Alloy contains elements.
Alloy contains irons.
Alloy electrodes with high hydrogen overvoltage for analytical use in voltammetry.
Alloy foils .
Alloy has corrosion resistance.
Alloy has resistance.
Alloy has strength.
Alloy is a good catalogue.
Alloy is a mixture of metals in certain composition.
Alloy is an example of a lightweight formal method .
Alloy is appropriate for wallcovering only.
Alloy is bicycle business shorthand for aluminium alloy.
Alloy is made of metal.
Alloy is metal.
Alloy is mixture
Alloy is mixture.
Alloy is solid objects.
Alloy is very durable.
Alloy isa mixture.
Alloy rims and stainless steel spokes are standard.
Alloy runs online forums geared to teen-agers and sells and licenses goods for that demographic.
Alloys are a very important kind of mixture in modern life.
Alloys are available for resistance to high temperatures, corrosion and abrasion.
Alloys are available in bar, sheet, tube and extruded forms.
Alloys are defined by a metallic bonding character.
Alloys are heat treatable and most are weldable.
Alloys are made when two or more metals are mixed together.
Alloys are metals composed of more than one metallic element.
Alloys are metals that consist of more than one element.
Alloys are metals with impurities .
Alloys are metals with impurities.
Alloys are mixed metals that offer a wide array of specific material properties.
Alloys are mixtures, where at least one part of the mixture is a metal.
Alloys are prepared by mixing of metals on their molten state.
Alloys are the metals mixed with gold.
Alloys are used in a wide variety of applications.
Alloys are usually synthetic materials, developed by scientists for special purposes.
Alloys can also contain small amounts of non-metallic elements.
Alloys contain atoms of different sizes, which distorts the regular arrangements of atoms.
Alloys containing aluminum or magnesium are structurally strong and lightweight.
Alloys containing rhenium also have many other applications.
Alloys improve creep and fatigue properties, but reduce corrosion resistance.
Alloys show quite different properties compare to their constituent metals.
Alloys vary, and the rigging hardware they compose ranges from superb to suspect.
Alloys often have properties that are different to the metals they contain.
All alloy components.
All alloys are copper-free.
Every alloy has a proportional mix where the rapid transition described above exists.
Many alloys contain zinc, including brass, an alloy of zinc and copper.
Many alloys contain zinc, including brass.
Many alloys harden with age and usually surpass the strength of steels.
Most alloy contains chromium.
Most alloy contains copper.
Most alloy contains elements.
Most alloy contains irons.
Most alloy has corrosion resistance.
Most alloy has resistance.
Most alloy has strength.
Most alloy is made of metal.
Some alloy consists of copper.
Some alloy consists of tin.
Some alloy contains lead.
Some alloy has steel.
Some alloy has structural steel.
Some alloy is made of copper.
Some alloy retains luster.
Some alloy retains properties.
Some alloys are easier to anodize and dye than others.
Some alloys are softer but work harden faster while others stay pliable after many operations.
Some alloys have superconductive abilities and others are used to make nuclear fuel pellets.
Alloyed metal is deposited into molds exerting high centrifugal force.
Allspice tastes like a mixture of cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, ginger, and pepper.
An allspice is a spice
Allstate agents interact every day with customers and potential customers.
Many Allstate pages are in graphic format to maintain original page integrity.
Allsweet melons are dark green with small light green stripes.
Allthough experience is wanted anyone is welcome.
Allure is attraction
Allure is available in two colours Aqua and Lavender.
Allure is primarily a beauty magazine, as opposed to focusing on fashion.
Allusion is a reference in literature to a familiar person, place or event.
Allusion is available for performance at high schools, civic groups, and appropriate church venues.
Allusion is distinguished from such devices as direct quote and imitation or parody.
Allusion is never a detailed lengthy description.
Allusion is used in hopes of triggering an association to portray a meaning.
Allusions alter across time.
Allusions are communicating.
Allusions are far from being the sole preserve of literature.
Allusions are mentions.
Allusions are powerful, because they connect a song to a bigger concept in a single word or phrase.
Allusions help structure and codify meanings.
An allusion is a reference
Allusive words are suggestive and economical.
Alluvial aquifers are shallow, sand and gravel deposits along the state's rivers and streams.
Alluvial aquifers are the result of erosion.
Alluvial aquifers underlying the Illinois River supply large amounts of drinking water.
Some alluvial copper is panned from the river and sold to outside markets.
Alluvial deposits are found in wadis, basins, and oases.
Alluvial deposits are objects of paleopotamological studies.
Alluvial deposits are typically very high permeability soils.
Alluvial deposits can form deltas where the river flows into a lake or ocean.
Alluvial deposits including floodplain and channel gravel deposits occur in stream courses.
Alluvial deposits occur throughout the Niger River basin.
An alluvial deposit is a sediment
Alluvial fans are common in arid environments.
Alluvial fans are delta shaped deposits of sediment that form at the base of a hill or mountain.
Alluvial fans are fan-shaped deposits formed at the base of mountains.
Alluvial fans are gravel deposits that wash down from the mountains over time.
Alluvial fans are natural things.
Alluvial fans cover large portions of the eastern side of the area.
An alluvial fan is a natural phenomenon
Alluvial gold is gold that is found above the ground.
Alluvial ground requires steel casing.
Alluvial plains exist throughout the rest of the Nadiad region.
Alluvial plains form at the base of mountains.
An alluvial plain is a flat
Some alluvial populations remain.
Alluvial rivers carry and deposit materials such as silt or sand.
Alluvial sediment is pounded and ground into finer and finer grains each time it moves downstream.
Alluvial sediments can be only a few feet thick or hundreds of feet in thickness.
An alluvial sediment is a sediment
Alluvial soil is dirt
Alluvial soil is soil.
Alluvial soils are present along major rivers.
Alluvial soils carried in the floodwaters add nutrients to the floodplains .
Alluvial soils carried in the floodwaters add nutrients to the floodplains.
Alluvial soils comprise the terrain of Tibet.
Alluvion exemplifies the true meaning of business-education partnership.
An alluvion is a sediment
Alluvium can also contain cultural artifacts that become deposited in various horizons as well.
Alluvium consists of permeable sand and gravel interbedded with less permeable clay and silt.
Alluvium consists of sediment deposited by running water.
Alluvium consists of unconsolidated boulders, gravel, sand and silt that make up the floodplain.
Alluvium is all the sediment that is deposited by running water.
Alluvium is sand and gravel forming today in river valleys and on beaches.
Alluvium is the material deposited by streams.
Alluvium is water deposited material in flood plains along streams and rivers.
Alluviums are sediments.
An alluvium is a sediment
Ally soldiers report camps.
Most ally soldiers report camps.
Allies aims to open minds and hearts of all people.
Allies announce a long-range blockade of Germany.
Allies are alliances.
Allies are also extremely welcome.
Allies are always good to have.
Allies are always on the way, chiseling into wait.
Allies are associates.
Allies are confident in the safety and security of their nuclear weapons.
Allies are crucially important.
Allies are fickle and have their own agendas.
Allies are skeptical.
Allies are states.
Allies are straight, gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgendered, and questioning.
Allies are welcome here.
Allies are welcome.
Allies become enemies.
Allies become potential enemies while foes are perceived as friends.
Allies begin saturation bombing of Hamburg.
Allies begin their invasion of North Africa.
Allies can build light tanks faster than Soviets can build tanks.
Allies can easily turn into a death match more than usually.
Allies can see friendly invisible units now.
Allies complete conquest of Sicily.
Allies connect on metaphysical levels beyond the comprehension of outsiders.
Allies deceive and set up a war footing.
Allies demand Greek demobilization.
Allies divide Germany into occupation zones.
Allies divide up Germany and Berlin and take over the government.
Allies encourage works councils to help restore peacetime production.
Allies enter France from Germany.
Allies enter Naples, Italy.
Allies enter Paris.
Allies enter Rome.
Allies evacuate Norway.
Allies expect victory.
Allies go ashore in Italy.
Allies have in some cases come from the traditional media.
Allies impose no indemnities or reparations.
Allies invade Germany.
Allies invade Italy.
Allies invade NW Africa.
Allies invade Syria and Lebanon.
Allies invade Western Europe.
Allies is for students and faculty interested in spreading information on sexual orientation.
Allies is only for gay people.
Allies learn skills to become social policy entrepreneurs.
Allies listen and offer information and resources.
Allies move south in Burma.
Allies occupy Damascus.
Allies occupy Vichy governed Syria and Lebanon.
Allies offer financial support and ideas.
Allies penetrate West Wall into Germany.
Allies plans conferences, speakers, panels, and other events throughout the semester.
Allies play an important role by supporting and defending the LGBT community.
Allies provide more feet on the street, but they also help vendors move up the value chain.
Allies reaffirm there can be no lasting peace without justice.
Allies receive a living allowance, health and child care benefits, and an educational award.
Allies re-enter Paris.
Allies reiterate their offers to provide assistance in the process of eliminating nuclear weapons.
Allies say aircraft attacked.
Allies say troops are needed for at least another year for peace to succeed.
Allies start a game fairly close together and share Line Of Sight with one another immediately.
Allies successfully defend advances and continue to sweep Brittany.
Allies take Tunisia.
Allies understand the importance of honoring others.
Allies welcome Spain's intention to join military structure.
Allies wishing to support the program can become consortium members at no cost.
Allies work together, and so do alleles.
Ally agrees to a double date with a wealthy client and finds a romantic attraction.
Ally begins to chicken out of the competition.
Ally blends in well with any herd and has a very pleasant demeanor around all the other llamas.
Ally calls home and feels that everything is allright.
Ally comes in.
Ally isa nation.
Ally languishes at home, hallucinating a tiny geriatric baby with a walker.
Ally quickly runs to get some ace bandages and a pillow.
Ally smiles and nods, knowingly.
Ally starts off really softly and increases the pressure at just the right speed.
Ally starts slow - by merely flirting with opposing counsel, a cute British guy.
Ally starts to walk down the aisle.
Ally walks home alone.
Allys comes together for reasons that are varied.
An ally is a country
Ally always puts the personal first.
Allies sometimes die early in the story.
Allies usually have other loyalties.
Any ally can be straight or gay.
Some allies are skeptical about the threat.
Some allies carry out air strikes.
Some allies carry out strikes.
Some allies work with teams.
Some ally pilots encounter german fighters.
Allyl complexes have a rich and useful chemistry, particularly in organic synthesis.
Allylic radicals are susceptible to attack by molecular oxygen.
Alma beach is a great beach for rock hounding.
Alma mater means bountiful mother.
An alma mater is a school
Almanac Singers travel the country, performing at union conventions, strike rallies, etc.
Almanac also keeps an archive of articles that have been posted to sanetmg.
Almanac apologizes for the error.
Almanac facts along with biography, dictionary and online encyclopedia databases.
Almanac is a book of various world events for the past hundred years.
Almanac is a good activity for participants at any level of an organization.
Almanac is about occurrence.
Almanac is an application to view the various world events of the past hundred years.
Almanac is an information server designed to answer requests received through electronic mail.
Almanac is the most widely used.
Almanac isa book.
Almanac Provides statistical information on a variety of social issues.
Almanac provides visitors with a virtual depository of raw data and demographics.
Almanac regrets the errors.
Almanac reports, including lunar month, rise and set times and eclipses.
Almanac summarizes major actions of Congressional session.
Almanacs are annuals.
Almanacs are reference work.
Almanacs have (part) artwork.
Almanacs have (part) cartoons.
Almanacs have (part) chapters.
Almanacs have (part) items.
Almanacs have (part) page numbers.
Almanacs have (part) paragraphs.
Almanacs have (part) sections.
Almanacs have (part) word order.
Almanacs offer advice.
An almanac is a yearbook
An almandine is a spinel
Most almandine is too dark to use as a gem.
Almandite garnets are normally orangey-red to purple red.
Almond advertising yields net benefits to growers.
Almond butter is a creamy, subtly sweet nut butter.
Almond butter is a nutritious and hearty topping for bagels or muffins.
Almond butter is ground almonds.
Almond butter is healthier than peanut butter.
Almond butters are located in jars.
Some almond butters contain almonds.
Some almond butters contain organic almonds.
Some almond butters contain raw almonds.
Some almond butters contain raw organic almonds.
Some almond butters contain sugar.
Almond end caps standard.
Almond essence is well-suited to flavour cookies, cakes and marzipan.
Almond extract is a seasoning
Almond extract works fine in place of walnut extract.
Almond flour is available and it is possible to make a nutritious nut milk from almonds.
Almond flour is very easy to make.
Almond milk is available in natural foods stores.
Almond milk is made from ground almonds.
Almond milk is similar in taste to rice milk but with a slight almond flavor.
Almond milk is very gentle, highly moisturizing and nourishin to the skin.
Almond nectar is bitter, so beekeepers who market honey avoid almonds as forage plants.
Almond oil can also be mixed with castor oil.
Almond oil has benefits.
Almond oil has heart health benefits.
Almond oil has many uses both internally and topically.
Almond oil has nutritive, cooling and lucrative properties.
Almond oil has potential benefits.
Almond oil helps growth.
Almond oil is a good option, or lanolin.
Almond oil is a very popular oil, used extensively for massage.
Almond oil is a wonderful cuticle moisturizer.
Almond oil is a wonderful nail and cuticle conditioner.
Almond oil is also very effective for removing skin cars.
Almond oil is another favorite carrier oil that is a well-known hair care ingredient.
Almond oil is available in pharmacies.
Almond oil is completely odourless, and so is good for a base massage oil.
Almond oil is considered to be soothing to the skin.
Almond oil is effective oil for treating sprain.
Almond oil is excellent for all skin types to soften and smooth skin.
Almond oil is fairly light, nearly odourless with a slight nutty taste.
Almond oil is oil
Almond oil is oil.
Almond oil is very nice as a base for massage oil and skin care.
Almond oil is very similar to sebum.
Almond oil is well suited for making massage or body oils.
Almond oils softens, soothes and conditions skin.
Most almond oil has benefits.
Most almond oil has heart health benefits.
Most almond oil has potential benefits.
Most almond oil helps growth.
Some almond oil has properties.
Almond paste is less sweet and more coarse in texture than marzipan.
Almond paste is less sweet and slightly coarser than marzipan.
Almond paste is substituted for some of the butter in a basic pound cake recipe.
Almond paste is used to line molds and decorate desserts.
Almond rootstock is rated susceptible to root knot, root lesion, and ring nematodes.
Almond trees are deciduous plants.
Almond trees are especially vulnerable to toppling by winds if the ground is saturated.
Almond trees are fruit trees.
Almond trees are trees.
Almond trees bloom with fragrant, creamy flowers all around.
Almond trees have a delicate overall shape and also lovely flowers.
Almond trees have high N and P requirements.
An almond tree is a fruit tree
Almond unit has white slides.
Almond biscuits to dip in vin santo dessert wine.
Almond isa fruit.
Almond isa nut.
Almonds add a little crunch to the creaminess.
Almonds also contain a fair amount of calcium.
Almonds also contain sterol.
Almonds are a good nut, and very easy to use in so many ways.
Almonds are a great alternative for the elderly who find it difficult to digest raw nuts.
Almonds are a member of the peach family.
Almonds are actually members of the peach family.
Almonds are almond trees.
Almonds are also a great snack during the day, with good protein and healthy fat.
Almonds are also available sliced, slivered, and diced.
Almonds are also high in Vitamin E and calcium.
Almonds are also useful in medicine for uniting substances with water.
Almonds are an excellent high protein food, also rich in minerals.
Almonds are available whole, sliced, chopped, candied, smoked, in paste form, and in many flavors.
Almonds are best.
Almonds are California's largest tree nut crop in total dollar value and acreage.
Almonds are California's top food export-occupying more acreage than any crop other than grapes.
Almonds are drupes.
Almonds are edible fruit.
Almonds are either sweet or bitter.
Almonds are equally delicious in soups, salads and casseroles.
Almonds are excellent sources of protein and they stop nausea, have a bag on hand at all times.
Almonds are far less likely to upset the stomach.
Almonds are fruit.
Almonds are fruit.
Almonds are high in alpha-linolenic acid, which can speed the metabolism of fats.
Almonds are high in calcium, minerals, and dietary fiber.
Almonds are high in protein, fat, calories, vitamins, and minerals.
Almonds Are In - Free online almond recipes.
Almonds are just one of the many nuts that are produced and sold in many different forms.
Almonds are low in saturated fat, and like all plant food sources, are cholesterol free.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Almonds are nuts.
Almonds are one of the great nuts.
Almonds are one of the most nutritious foods around, loaded with calcium, potassium and magnesium.
Almonds are part of almonds.
Almonds are plants.
Almonds are realistically the only food to avoid.
Almonds are Restricted products.
Almonds are rich in protein and fibre with less fat.
Almonds are rich in vitamin E, calcium and fiber.
Almonds are sodium and cholesterol free.
Almonds are sold either shelled  or unshelled.
Almonds are sold either shelled or unshelled .
Almonds are th ekernel of the fruit of the almond tree.
Almonds are the best choice.
Almonds are the most widely-grown and eaten tree nut.
Almonds are the only alkaline nuts.
Almonds belong to same genus as plums, apricots, peaches.
Almonds burn easily.
Almonds can be good in small amounts.
Almonds can remain fresh for a long time.
Almonds contain cyogenic glucocides, possible cancer inhibitors.
Almonds contain more magnesium than oatmeal or even spinach.
Almonds contain protein and all essential minerals for the human body.
Almonds enhance virtually every food they grace with their distinctive taste and satisfying crunch.
Almonds even have a greater effect on the skin when eaten.
Almonds fight heart disease.
Almonds give it a nice fragrance.
Almonds grow in California, the Mediterranean, Australia, and South Africa.
Almonds grow in the same range as do peaches, but bloom earlier.
Almonds grow on trees.
Almonds grow there, but sparingly.
Almonds have (part) kernels.
Almonds have (part) sections.
Almonds have a diverse use in cooking.
Almonds have an image that's both healthful and indulgent.
Almonds have fiber.
Almonds have on a cream to yellow-almond ground colour speckles in different colours.
Almonds have quality.
Almonds provide a great addition to trail mix and baked products.
Almonds require more bees than any other crop in the United States.
An almond is stone fruit
Almonds always make a tasty addition to anyone's coffee.
Most almonds grow on trees.
Most almonds have fiber.
Most almonds have quality.
Some almonds contain cashews.
Almondine garnets are brown, red to violet, or black.
Alms tax is to be levied and paid to legitimate recipients.
Alnico magnet can withstand a wide range of temperatures.
Alnico magnets are available in cast and sintered forms.
Alnico magnets are made from aluminum, nickel and cobalt.
Alocit systems provide quality paints and coatings that are reliable and cost effective.
Aloe gels are added to some health foods.
Aloe latex contains strong laxative compounds.
Aloe latex is the sticky residue left over after the liquid from cut aloe leaves has evaporated.
Aloe plants grow in climates.
Aloe plants have flowers.
Aloe plants have slender flowers.
Aloe plants produce fleshy leaves.
Aloe plants produce leaves.
Aloe plants produce thick leaves.
Aloe plants reproduce by seed or by division.
Most aloe plants grow in climates.
Most aloe plants have flowers.
Most aloe plants have slender flowers.
Most aloe plants produce fleshy leaves.
Most aloe plants produce leaves.
Most aloe plants produce thick leaves.
Some aloe plants grow as shrubs.
Some aloe plants have ability.
Some aloe plants look like cacti.
Some aloe plants start flowers.
Aloe trees reach up to feet.
Aloe isa tracheophyte.
Aloes also have various culinary uses in the form of marmalade, jams, pickles and preserves.
Aloes are mostly long-lived plants, especially the larger species.
Aloes are prominent components of many, mainly arid, African landscapes.
Aloes are prone to mealybugs and scale.
Aloes are succulents.
Aloes are susceptible to mealy bugs.
Aloes are very good in regenerative process.
Aloes are very popular and some of the most rewarding plants to cultivate.
Aloes are well-adapted to the often arid conditions found in their natural environment.
Aloes consist of the juices exuded from the transversely-cut bases of the leaves of various species.
Aloes contain clear gels.
Aloes contain gels.
Aloes contain minerals.
Aloes generally require soils with good drainage and do best in warm climates.
Aloes growing off the palace porch soothe the occasional sunburn.
Aloes have (part) cell membranes.
Aloes have (part) cells.
Aloes have (part) corpi.
Aloes have (part) cytoplasm.
Aloes have (part) nuclei.
Aloes have (part) plasma membranes.
Aloes have (part) sections.
Aloes have (part) vacuoles.
Aloes have a very long history of medicinal, cosmetic and cultural uses.
Aloes have leaves.
Aloes have roots.
Aloes have succulent leaves.
Aloes inhibits the activity of the enzyme tyrosinase which is responsible for skin discoloration.
Aloes is also the perfect remedy for scalds and minor burns.
Aloes need sunlight.
Aloes require two or three years' standing before they yield their juice.
Aloes require water.
Aloes still form an important ingredient of commercial laxatives.
Aloes thrive with little attention.
An aloe is a succulent
Aloes often occur in environments that are prone to regular fires.
All aloe is absolutely fresh, and incorporated into product within hours of harvest.
Most aloes contain clear gels.
Most aloes contain gels.
Most aloes contain minerals.
Most aloes have leaves.
Most aloes have roots.
Most aloes have succulent leaves.
Most aloes produce capsules, dry dehiscent fruits that split open at maturity to release the seeds.
Most aloes require water.
Some aloes contain chemicals.
Some aloes contain different chemicals.
Some aloes contain many different chemicals.
Some aloes produce rhizomes.
Aloes wood grows and is harvested from the wild in Southeast Asia.
Aloes wood grows and is harvested in the wild in Southeast Asia.
Aloes wood is prized as one of the finest aromatic woods burned for incense purposes.
Aloha attire is perfect for any occasion, from going to the beach to fine dining.
Aloha attire is recommended.
Aloha attire is requested.
Aloha attire is suggested.
Aloha shirts are OK for business and social events.
Aloha spirit pervades each island so strongly that it is impossible to ignore.
Aloha systems have the best performance when all devices use a constant frame size.
Aloha wear is favored by most business people.
Alone bakery provide plenty of temptation.
Alone brown is drab and boring, but with colors it provides a comfort level that is simple.
Alone cafe features homemade soups, salads, sandwiches, espresso and select teas.
Alone fame is good while dealing with children's subject.
Alone package is for applications requiring unbiased estimations using stereology.
Alone time can be as simple as a walk or as formal as meditation.
Alone time is just as important as together time.
Alone time is like oxygen to a marriage.
Alone time is some of the most valuable time a person can spend - alone.
Aloof isolation drenches the whole compound.
Most alopecia cases are due to hair cycle changes.
Many alopecia patients opt for a cosmetic, rather than medical, treatment.
Alp isa mount.
Alp isa mountain.
Alps have (part) mountain peaks.
Alps have (part) mountainsides.
ALPs includes programs at the elementary through high school levels.
An alp is a mountain
Most alpaca fiber is white, but it also comes in various shades of brown and black.
Many alpaca producers are new to the fibre industry.
Alpacas adjust very quickly to being haltered and led.
Alpacas also are easy critters to maintain.
Alpacas also have a more luxurious wool than llamas.
Alpacas also require access to plenty of fresh water to drink.
Alpacas are a great investment, as well as a wonderful lifestyle choice.
Alpacas are a herd animal native to the Andes Mountains in South America.
Alpacas are adaptable in almost any environment.
Alpacas are also fully insurable against theft and mortality.
Alpacas are also only half as tall as llamas, standing about thirty-six inches at the withers.
Alpacas are an outstanding financial investment and a lot of fun.
Alpacas are beautiful, intelligent, wool-producing camelids.
Alpacas are beautiful, serene animals that originated in the Andes Mountains of South America.
Alpacas are both profitable and enjoyable.
Alpacas are camelids, and their cousins are llamas, vicunas, and guanacos.
Alpacas are charming, intelligent, clean and easy to care for.
Alpacas are easy to care for and require little space and time.
Alpacas are exotic and romantic.
Alpacas are expensive for several reasons.
Alpacas are extremely disease resistant.
Alpacas are extremely hardy and adaptable to most climates, altitudes and conditions.
Alpacas are fabric.
Alpacas are fully insurable.
Alpacas are fun and easy to work with.
Alpacas are fun and wonderful, but they can be a home-based business venture.
Alpacas are gentle animals and they enjoy association with people.
Alpacas are gentle on the land and require minimal care.
Alpacas are grazers and like sheep, horses and cattle, and they chew their cud.
Alpacas are handsome, intelligent, earth-friendly creatures that respond well to human interaction.
Alpacas are hardy animals and the mortality rate is very low.
Alpacas are hardy animals that graze on grass and are easy on the land.
Alpacas are in strong demand, but still rare outside their native South America.
Alpacas are intelligent and are easy to train.
Alpacas are intelligent and can be trained.
Alpacas are intelligent, pleasant to be around and easy to train.
Alpacas are llamas.
Alpacas are mammals.
Alpacas are members of the camelid family which also includes llamas, camels, guanacos and vicunas.
Alpacas are members of the South American camelid family.
Alpacas are much like diamonds.
Alpacas are music and art, grace and beauty.
Alpacas are native to South America and produce fleece.
Alpacas are native to the harsh mountainous regions of the South American Andes.
Alpacas are now northwestern and have their own alpacas association.
Alpacas are only limited in their mere numbers.
Alpacas are part of the camelid family, a cousin to the llama.
Alpacas are perhaps the world's gentlest creatures with a great affinity for children.
Alpacas are pseudo-ruminants, with a single stomach divided into three compartments.
Alpacas are quiet and gentle to the land.
Alpacas are quiet, gentle, intelligent, easy to handle and disease resistant.
Alpacas are quite a bit smaller than llamas.
Alpacas are quite rugged and are disease resistant.
Alpacas are raised strictly for their fibre which is fine and woven into high-class clothing.
Alpacas are rare in the U.S. and take a long time to reproduce.
Alpacas are relatively low maintenance animals.
Alpacas are reptiles.
Alpacas are right in the middle of the sheep and llamas.
Alpacas are ruminants and are exceptionally efficient in utulizing the nutrients in grass.
Alpacas are ruminants with three stomachs and very efficiently convert hay and grass to energy.
Alpacas are ruminants with three-compartment stomachs.
Alpacas are ruminants, that is, they chew cud like a cow.
Alpacas are ruminants.
Alpacas are scarce, and they bring a high price.
Alpacas are sheared annually, usually in the spring.
Alpacas are shorn once a year.
Alpacas are shy and quiet, easy to train and handle, and extremely intelligent.
Alpacas are similar to small llamas.
Alpacas are small and easy to handle.
Alpacas are small, easy to handle, and disease resistant.
Alpacas are small, gentle creatures with small appetites.
Alpacas are smaller and daintier than llamas.
Alpacas are smaller than their llama cousins, and produce fibers used in textiles.
Alpacas are susceptible to many of the intestinal parasites that affect ruminants.
Alpacas are the ideal small-farm animal.
Alpacas are the small cousin of the llama and are a valued fiber animal.
Alpacas are timid and gentle, yet curious.
Alpacas are truly much more than the world finest livestock investment .
Alpacas are utterly absurd and they are also positively beautiful.
Alpacas are very efficient at utilizing fodder.
Alpacas are very gentle and curious.
Alpacas are very healthy and tend to be easy keepers.
Alpacas are very quiet, docile animals that generally make a minimal amount of sound.
Alpacas are very rare in the United States.
Alpacas are very smart animals and are fairly easy to train.
Alpacas are very special.
Alpacas are very tolerant of their living conditions.
Alpacas are wool.
Alpacas can be an extremely profitable and rewarding business.
Alpacas come from South America and have a rich history with a nearly tragic end.
Alpacas come in a broad spectrum of colors of very luxurious fiber, more than any other livestock.
Alpacas come in a wide variety of colors.
Alpacas communicate through body language and a gentle humming sound.
Alpacas communicate through soft humming noises and unique body language.
Alpacas communicate with hums and bleats, movements of tail and ears, and varying postures.
Alpacas connect well with children and adults.
Alpacas do spit, but normally just at each other.
Alpacas don t over eat but browse gently, allowing faster pasture regrowth.
Alpacas eat grass and hay, and also receive vitamin and mineral supplement pellets.
Alpacas eat grass hay supplemented with grain pellets.
Alpacas eat grasses and chew a cud.
Alpacas go without food and water in their natural alpaca habitat, but doing so stresses an alpaca.
Alpacas have a bottom row of teeth, and an upper gum without teeth.
Alpacas have a high resistance and can go without food or water for days.
Alpacas have a passive, intelligent, curious nature.
Alpacas have a reproduction rate of one percent per year.
Alpacas have a strong market, for both well-bred animals and their excellent fiber.
Alpacas have fleece and alapaca fur for yarn.
Alpacas have pads instead of hooves and are gentle ruminants.
Alpacas have soft padded feet, are gentle on the land and can be easily transported.
Alpacas have two sets of teeth for processing food.
Alpacas look like goats that have been put out to tender and privatised.
Alpacas look similar.
Alpacas make a variety of sounds.
Alpacas make good investments as well as practical pets.
Alpacas mostly inhabit the high plains regions of Chile, Bolivia and Peru.
Alpacas offer a significant return compared to other types of livestock.
Alpacas offer an excellent investment opportunity.
Alpacas offer an outstanding business opportunity for livestock ownership.
Alpacas offer an outstanding choice as a livestock investment.
Alpacas originate from the Andes Mountains in Peru.
Alpacas possess a multi-chambered stomach.
Alpacas produce one of the world's finest and most luxurious fibres.
Alpacas produce one of the world's finest and most luxurious natural fibers.
Alpacas produce their abundant and luxurious fiber in twenty-two recognized colors.
Alpacas reproduce almost every year and about half of their babies are female.
Alpacas reproduce almost every year, and about one-half of their babies are females.
Alpacas require less maintenance and are easier on the terrain than horses.
Alpacas require minimal fencing.
Alpacas require much less food than most animals of their size.
Alpacas require no special fences or barns.
Alpacas require very little additional feed besides pasture grass.
Alpacas require very little feeding cost.
Alpacas require very little veterinary intervention.
Alpacas require very minimal housing in most any environment.
Alpacas thrive in most climates.
Alpacas typically have few birthing problems.
An alpaca is cloth
All alpacas come with our continued support after time of purchase.
Most alpacas are sold for cash.
Alpha acids play a decisive role in determining prices and quantities bought in the hop trade today.
Alpha agonists increase potassium release from the liver.
Alpha amylase breaks starches into longer chain sugars and dextrins as well as short chain sugars.
Alpha amylase holds up better under the high temperatures of processing starch.
Alpha amylase is an endo-amylase because it can act on interior bonds of a saccharide.
Alpha blending is a technique for adding transparency information for translucent objects.
Alpha blending is a technique which provides for transparent objects.
Alpha blending is used to show transparency in objects.
Alpha blending is used to simulate paints of various opacity.
Alpha blending manages the transparency of an object, while anti-aliasing minimizes jagged edges.
Alpha blocker is blocker.
Alpha blocker is medicine
Alpha blockers act at alpha receptor sites to reduce peripheral vascular resistance.
Alpha blockers are the drugs of first choice for medical treatment.
Alpha blockers dilate blood vessels.
Alpha blockers relax the sphincter muscle.
Alpha blockers Take with liquid or food to avoid excessive drop in blood pressure.
Alpha blockers work by relaxing the muscular portion of the prostate and the bladder neck.
Alpha brass is brass
Alpha brasses inhibited against dezincification can however suffer pitting under some circumstances.
Alpha builds are steps toward that goal.
Alpha cells produce a hormone called glucagon and Beta cells produce insulin.
Alpha cells produce glucagon.
Alpha channel viewing buttons stay active.
Alpha channels are a special channel that describe transparency.
Alpha channels are a way of saving selections that can be loaded at any time.
Alpha channels are additional channels added to an image to store selections and to create masks.
Alpha channels have to be enabled.
Alpha children wear grey.
Alpha decay happens when an atom is too big and needs to get rid of some mass .
Alpha decay happens when an atom is too big and needs to get rid of some mass.
Alpha decay is a result of the residual strong force .
Alpha decay is a result of the residual strong force.
Alpha decay is an example of a tunnelling process.
Alpha decay is decay.
Alpha decay is disintegration
Alpha decay is when the atom shoots out a particle having two protons and two neutrons.
Alpha decay reduces the size of the nucleus.
Alpha decay refers to a process by which an atomic nucleus emits an alpha particle.
Alpha diversity is the number of species that live in a homogenous habitat.
Alpha diversity means the diversity within one pool.
Alpha dog is the leader and every dog from that point down sits in a pecking order.
Alpha dogs are films.
Alpha dogs decide when the pack plays, and when it hunts.
Alpha dogs determine who to fight and when to fight.
Alpha dogs eat first, submembers eat later.
Alpha elements are basic units of thought, concrete thinking about events.
Alpha globins are the major component of HDLs and beta globins the major component of LDLs.
Alpha granules are azurophilic. and contain fibrinogen, platelet-derived growth factor, etc.
Alpha groups begin with dinner in a home, during which there is no talk about religion.
Alpha groups focus on Christian life, while the Omega groups engage in intense study of scripture.
Alpha helices can span membranes either singly or in groups.
Alpha helix preferring amino acids are present, but scattered randomly throughout the sequence.
Alpha helixs are helixs.
Alpha helixs are secondary structures.
Most alpha helices are hydrophilic because they form in an aqueous environmnet.
Alpha index shows what company owns the subsidiaries.
Alpha interferon has many side effects.
Alpha interferon has multiple neuropsychiatric effects.
Alpha interferon is a natural protein present in the body in small amounts.
Alpha interferon is a potent immune system enhancer and a powerful inhibitor of viruses.
Alpha interferon is a treatment that works throughout the body.
Alpha interferon is already a prescription drug.
Alpha interferon is interferon.
Alpha males are the dominant male of a wolf pack, the only male that breeds.
Alpha males are. . .
Alpha males have so much responsibility.
Any alpha male gets certain benefits for being the biggest and baddest.
Alpha motoneurons innervate the ordinary, or extrafusal, muscle fibers.
Alpha one is a channel containing the selection of the child's outline.
Alpha pairs allow the pack to work as if with one mind.
Alpha particles are actually the nuclei of helium atoms.
Alpha particles are clusters of two neutrons and two protons each.
Alpha particles are easy to stop, gamma rays are hard to stop.
Alpha particles are extremely stable.
Alpha particles are hazardous when an alpha-emitting isotope is inside the body.
Alpha particles are heavier.
Alpha particles are helium nuclei, containing two protons and two neutrons.
Alpha particles are helium nuclei.
Alpha particles are highly energetic.
Alpha particles are ions.
Alpha particles are only able to travel short distances because of their size.
Alpha particles are particles.
Alpha particles are relatively large, and very heavy.
Alpha particles are relatively slow and heavy .
Alpha particles are so heavy that even with low velocity their momentum is high.
Alpha particles are subatomic particles.
Alpha particles are the end product of the proton-proton fusion cycle.
Alpha particles are very massive in comparison with the other types of radioactive particles below.
Alpha particles are very, very dangerous.
Alpha particles can also impact cellulose.
Alpha particles carry a positive charge and are highly energetic.
Alpha particles carry positive charge.
Alpha particles come from the decay of an unstable atomic nucleus such as uranium.
Alpha particles consist of two protons and two neutrons and carry a positive charge.
Alpha particles have even shorter penetration ranges than beta particles.
Alpha particles have little penetrative power in the air and in human tissues.
Alpha particles have very little penetration power and can be stopped by a sheet of paper.
Alpha particles lose their energy almost as soon as they collide with anything.
Alpha particles make the halos.
Alpha particles produce a tiny, but visible flash of light when they strike a fluorescent screen.
Alpha particles produce short tracks, whereas beta particles leave long ones.
Alpha particles radiate from the source in all directions and produce trails of liquid droplets.
Alpha particles release a small burst of energy, which are absorbed by nearby lung tissue.
Alpha particles travel about an inch and can be stopped by a sheet of paper.
An alpha particle is a particle
Alpha plots are another graphical means of describing an equilibrium solution.
All Alpha processors implement a core set of instructions.
Alpha radiation damages the DNA in living cells, causing cancerous and genetic mutations.
Alpha radiation emitted during the decay process presents the most significant risk to humans.
Alpha radiation has a far greater potential to damage living tissue than other types of radiation.
Alpha radiation is a carcinogen when breathed in or eaten .
Alpha radiation is a carcinogen when breathed in or eaten.
Alpha radiation is a type of energy released when certain radioactive elements decay or break down.
Alpha radiation is far more damaging per unit of energy deposited in living tissue.
Alpha radiation is ionizing radiation
Alpha radiation is ionizing radiation.
Alpha radiation is much more damaging for the same rads than gamma radiation.
Alpha radiation is relatively easy to screen.
Alpha radiation is the least pentrating of the three.
Alpha radiation is the primary factor in the radiation health hazard associated with TRU waste.
Alpha radiation requires no shielding.
Alpha radiations travel only extremely short distances in the body.
Alpha rays are actually heavy, fast-moving particles with a positive charge.
Alpha rays are helium nuclei, emitted in strong interactions .
Alpha rays are less energetic than beta or gamma rays, which are associated with nuclear weapons.
Alpha rays have a net positive charge.
Alpha rays have small penetrating power.
Alpha rays result from the decay of many radioactive elements naturally.
An alpha ray is ionizing radiation
Alpha receptors mediate many important actions of endogenous catecholamines.
An alpha receptor is a receptor
Alpha release is now available.
Alpha releases are very frequent, sometimes one per day.
Alpha rhythms are more conspicuous when the dream scenario is passive than when it is busy.
An alpha rhythm is a natural phenomenon
Alpha shapes describe the shape of a finite set of points.
Alpha shapes formalize the intuitive notion of shape.
Alpha shapes generates a family of shapes according to the selected alpha parameter.
Alpha sites receive a lot of attention from vendors.
Alpha spectroscopy can identify a wide variety of radionuclides in soil.
Alpha station supplies power to a region largely civilian in character.
Alpha systems are quite popular.
Alpha systems are the fastest single nodes.
Alpha systems provide the best performance for customers' most challenging modeling needs.
Most Alpha systems are far more expensive than typical PCs.
Alpha tests are trials.
Alpha testing follows integration and system testing.
Alpha testing is off by default.
Alpha testing is quite a bit different than beta.
Alpha thalassemia is a diagnosis of exclusion.
Alpha thalassemia is autosomal recessive.
Alpha thalassemia is caused by mutations in the alpha chain of the hemoglobin molecule.
Alpha thalassemia is concentrated among the peoples of Southeast Asia.
Alpha tocopherol is a new range of antioxidant which is being used as antioxident.
Alpha tocopherol is by far the main form in the body, as well as in supplements.
Alpha tocopherol is by far the main type in the body, as well as in supplements.
Alpha tocopherol is by far the main type of E in the body.
Alpha tocopherol is the natural form and most biologically effective.
Alpha toxin causes hemolysis, or breakdown of red blood cells.
Alpha toxin causes septic shock.
Alpha toxin is a lecithinase which degrades cell membranes.
Alpha transparency is pictured here.
Alpha value is a scale for the pixcels of the color transparency.
Alpha values are very useful in determining speciation.
Alpha values can come from other sources as well.
Alpha values specify the degree of transparency from sheer to opaque.
Alpha versions are available for download.
All alpha versions are available freely for interested users.
Alpha waves appear primarily in the absence of visual processing and other intense mental processes.
Alpha waves are the brain wave patterns associated with relaxation with enhanced awareness.
An alpha wave is a natural phenomenon
Alpha wolves eat first followed by middle ranking wolves, pups, and then omega wolves.
Alpha advises the processor.
Alpha allows the body and mind to begin to heal.
Alpha also offers vapor degreasers for cleaning even the most highly populated boards.
Alpha also operates a plant which produces tar and asphalt for highway and runway construction.
Alpha also organises pre-congress educational workshops and events around the world.
Alpha also provides a variety of outpatient offender, victim, and family services.
Alpha also specializes in professional system installations and system integration.
Alpha also supplies Gamma with retail wompots.
Alpha assumes that by the fourth week all course members have been converted.
Alpha build kit.
Alpha can help.
Alpha can obtain a bottle of wine for one yard of cloth.
Alpha channels the alpha channel is automatically distorted with image.
Alpha chooses a big house with a lot of doors.
Alpha defines the space.
Alpha eats first.
Alpha emphasizes accountability and individual responsibility for behavior and actions.
Alpha ends A nyone can come.
Alpha engages both the heart and the mind.
Alpha Enter the confidence level for the test.
Alpha eventually wears off.
Alpha Fill out the form to get a sample of Archive pages for photo negatives.
Alpha generates compilers from a compiler specification.
Alpha gets more potent the longer it is used.
Alpha has a bright future.
Alpha has a camp in South Florida for paramilitary training, target shooting, etc.
Alpha has a comparative advantage in the production of wine.
Alpha has a very well-equipped instrumental laboratory.
Alpha has access to several major databases which cover both consumer and business lists.
Alpha has immediate capital needs to further advance sales and purchase inventory.
Alpha has many uses.
Alpha has only three transmitters sending three short pulses of approx.
Alpha has three sites, beta and gamma have two in different places, and delta has one.
Alpha has to do with being in charge.
Alpha induces clarity, heightened awareness and intuition.
Alpha involves learning and laughter, people meeting together and people helping one another.
Alpha is a clearinghouse for white power materials.
Alpha is a complete text-editing tool for programmers and Web designers.
Alpha is a component used for transparency and blending and the like.
Alpha is a fine double, easily separated in binoculars.
Alpha is a flexible and practical model which can work for any group of any size.
Alpha is a flexible and practical model which can work for any size group.
Alpha is a flexible and practical model, which can work for any group of any size.
Alpha is a flexible and pragmatic model that works for any group of any size.
Alpha is a general name for an architecture family.
Alpha is a great investment and it is still a little bleeding edge.
Alpha is a heightened alert of a terrorist attack.
Alpha is a huge international movement that first started in England.
Alpha is a microcosm of Gainesville, inviting all types of people to donate, and they do.
Alpha is a place to make friends.
Alpha is a place where no question is off limits.
Alpha is a place where no question is regarded as too simple or hostile.
Alpha is a place where no question is regarded as too simple or too hostile.
Alpha is a Place where no question is Regarded as too simple or Too hostile.
Alpha is a place where no question is regarded as too simple.
Alpha is a place where no question is seen as to simple or too hostile.
Alpha is a place where no question is seen as too simple or too hostile .
Alpha is a place where no question is seen as too simple or too hostile.
Alpha is a place where no question is seen as too simple or too tough.
Alpha is a place where no question is seen to simple or too hostile.
Alpha is a place where no question is to simple.
Alpha is a place where no question is too simple or too challenging.
Alpha is a place where no question is too simple or too hostile.
Alpha is a practical introduction to the Christian faith.
Alpha is a program for adults of all ages interested in finding out more about the Christian faith.
Alpha is a scaling constant specified by the user.
Alpha is a self discovery retreat.
Alpha is a series of talks which tackle the key questions at the heart of the Christian faith.
Alpha is a series of talks.
Alpha is a short, practical introduction to the Christian faith.
Alpha is a state of light relaxation.
Alpha is a strong house of diverse individuals.
Alpha is a ten week course looking at the basics of the Christian faith.
Alpha is a ten week course that is a practical exploration of the Christian faith.
Alpha is a ten week course that is a practical introduction to the Christian faith.
Alpha is a very practical way of the laity's becoming involved in the task of evangelization.
Alpha is a very strong platform.
Alpha is about asking questions .
Alpha is about people.
Alpha is also an experience that offers friendship and fun in an accepting atmosphere.
Alpha is also in many prisons and on many college campuses.
Alpha is always less than beta.
Alpha is an attitude.
Alpha is an eleven week course covering the basics of the Christian faith.
Alpha is an excellent means of renewal and re-evangelizing the church members.
Alpha is an excellent place to start, and it's also a great place to come back to.
Alpha is an exciting small group based course which explores the basics of the Christian faith.
Alpha is an opportunity for wonderful Christian fellowship.
Alpha is an opportunity to explore the Christian faith for seekers and churchgoers alike.
Alpha is an opportunity to explore the Christian faith in a relaxed, friendly and fun environment.
Alpha is associated with a relaxed state of unfocused attention.
Alpha is based on friendship.
Alpha is buggy for reporting exceptions wrt.
Alpha is certainly worth using in our churches.
Alpha is clearly the fastest processor architecture.
Alpha is conducted in a relaxed manner with emphasis on fun and fellowship as well as learning.
Alpha is currently available nationally.
Alpha is currently in recess.
Alpha is designed for both individuals and families to participate.
Alpha is determined before the study begins.
Alpha is everywhere, from mapping the human genome to stock exchanges and the Internet.
Alpha is everywhere.
Alpha is first-quality work.
Alpha is for . . .
Alpha is for A nyone interested in finding out more about the Christian faith.
Alpha is for adults of all ages.
Alpha is for anyone interested in finding out more about the basics of Christian faith.
Alpha is for anyone interested in finding out more about the Christian faith.
Alpha is for anyone.
Alpha is for everyone.
Alpha is fun.
Alpha is higher.
Alpha is ideal for fixed-position infrared imaging.
Alpha is in nearly every prison in Britain today.
Alpha is in the center of the picture.
Alpha is ingenious in the way that it brings people into a private setting by invitation.
Alpha is located in Iron County Michigan.
Alpha is much more than a text editor.
Alpha is non-denominational and is designed for anyone who wants to investigate the Christian faith.
Alpha is now available for alpha testing.
Alpha is now available.
Alpha is one of the brightest objects in the night sky.
Alpha is one of the greatest ways to introduce people to the Christian faith.
Alpha is one of the nation's leading health policy centers.
Alpha is only valid for the landform in which it has been calculated.
Alpha is perfect for anybody with an inquiring mind.
Alpha is presently in the midst of a major facility expansion program.
Alpha is recognized as an extremely effective tool of evangelization for parishes.
Alpha is run by the local parish and works through relationships.
Alpha is shareware.
Alpha is so brilliant because it's very comfortable, very natural.
Alpha is spoken the same in both Russian and English, but with different spellings.
Alpha is still under pressure and seems unlikely to achieve a fast recovery.
Alpha is structured around the goal of workplace readiness.
Alpha is the added variable.
Alpha is the angle of the outer leg, measured in radians counterclockwise from south.
Alpha is the criterion value.
Alpha is the first letter of the Greek alphabet and omega is the last letter of the alphabet.
Alpha is the first letter of the Greek alphabet and Omega is the last.
Alpha is the first letter of the Greek alphabet, and Omega is the last letter of the Greek alphabet.
Alpha is the first letter of the Greek alphabet, and omega is the last.
Alpha is the first letter of the Greek alphabet.
Alpha is the first letter.
Alpha is the first trial release.
Alpha is the furthest room from the front desk.
Alpha is the industry's technical index of filtration performance.
Alpha is the light trance and relaxation state, before sleep for instance.
Alpha is the oldest Greek-letter organization established in America by Black college women.
Alpha is the place where no question is regarded as too simple or too hostile.
Alpha is the place where no question is seen as too simple or too hostile.
Alpha is the rotational acceleration of the jackshaft in radians per second squared.
Alpha is the significance level used to compute the confidence level.
Alpha is thoroughly parish based.
Alpha is to complete the feasibility study in the next nine months.
Alpha is very basic teaching that is held in common by most Christian traditions.
Alpha is very customizable.
Alpha is, by definition, symmetric.
Alpha lays the most eggs.
Alpha looks exactly like Latin capital A and can be created.
Alpha maintains a network of plasma donor centers across the United States.
Alpha make some off the best coolers - and at a reasonable prize.
Alpha makes an interesting comment on gender.
Alpha makes the best, period.
Alpha makes wompots, a critical component of which is the whickle.
Alpha means a lot of things to a lot of people.
Alpha means all features are in the game and the game just needs to be fully tuned and tested.
Alpha means beginning.
Alpha means incomplete.
Alpha means that the product is still under development and can contain bugs.
Alpha measures the excess return for the amount of risk taken.
Alpha needs new management that is removed from parochial interests and political gamesmanship.
Alpha normally starts with a meal.
Alpha now holds a unique position in terms of global coverage and services to business customers.
Alpha offers something for everyone.
Alpha prides itself on the high standard of our work, and our linguistic and technical competence.
Alpha produces relaxation.
Alpha provides an alphabetical list of the artists.
Alpha provides solutions for packaging security needs.
Alpha publishes both in paper and electronic mediums.
Alpha recognizes academic excellence and promotes scholarship.
Alpha recommends demolishing the original building.
Alpha recommends that the fan show suck air out instead of blow air in.
Alpha refers to the dominant brainwave pattern associated with a particular state of mind.
Alpha refers to the initial design process.
Alpha says it all.
Alpha scrolling signs are available in indoor and outdoor models.
Alpha See ISSA .
Alpha seems superior as design.
Alpha Sets a uniform transparency level.
Alpha simply knows how to design heatsinks that blow any competition in their classes.
Alpha specifies the movie clip's transparency.
Alpha stays at the forefront of technology.
Alpha supports only conditional move to reduce branch penalty.
Alpha then encounters one of the strangest mysteries of the universe in a living machine.
Alpha then return Node.
Alpha vertices The ability to supply an alpha channel in the colour at each vertex.
Alpha widens that lead.
Alpha works well in churches of any size and ethnic composition.
Alphas are either active, dormant, or suspended.
Alphas are just too cool.
Alphas are letters.
Alphas are starts.
Alphas live in a complicated world balancing daily life with the realities of the disease.
Alphas strongly encourage academic excellence, community service, and sisterhood.
An alpha is a letter
Alphas always eat first.
Any alphabet book is a pattern book with the alphabet as pattern.
Alphabet City is a place somewhere in between - and it's dangerous.
Alphabet groups do make a difference.
Alphabet chart intact and very legible.
Alphabet isa list.
Alphabet isa written language.
Alphabets are character sets.
Alphabets are fascinating, but no one knows exactly where they came from.
Alphabets are part of formal language.
Alphabets are scripts.
Alphabets are worse than photographs.
Alphabets contains a collection of useful letters and more.
Alphabets have (part) items.
Alphabets have (part) word division.
Alphabets refer to subject.
An alphabet is a principle
All alphabets are ready to ship.
Some alphabets are thousands of years old, while some languages don t even have an alphabet.
Some alphabets use one hand, some use two hands.
Alphabetic characters insert text, cursor keys move the cursor, and so on.
An alphabetic character is a graphic symbol
All alphabetic characters are lower case.
All alphabetic characters are upper-case.
All alphabetic characters display as uppercase only.
All alphabetic characters work, as do the numbers.
Alphabetic codes are input in lowercase.
Alphabetic codes print notes on order forms and can adjust claim cycle.
Alphabetic dividers enhance their usefulness.
Alphabetic dividers reduce case capacities.
Alphabetic letters work with colors to control the name of the file.
All alphabetic letters are to be uppercase.
Alphabetic listings are available for Members only.
Alphabetic name searches.
Alphabetic order differs.
Alphabetic placement is determined by the leading last name.
Alphabetic readers can usually read at least a primer word list successfully.
Alphabetic signs correspond to a letter or sound produced by that sign.
Alphabetic signs represent a single sound.
Any alphabetic suffix indicates that the text of the primer document has changed.
Alphabetic symbols are use to represent a single sound.
Alphabetic systems are usually direct access systems.
Alphabetic writing uses symbols to stand for certain sounds.
An alphabetic writing is a writing
Alphabetical analysis is used in the first stage of finding an activity-modulating regions.
Alphabetical archives are browsable.
Alphabetical arrangement facilitates easy location of the required statute by the reader.
All alphabetical characters work, also do the numbers.
Alphabetical discography includes both Monk's own recordings and other musicians' interpretations.
Alphabetical entries make for easy reference.
Alphabetical entries vary in length - most are approximately one quarter of a page.
Alphabetical host report right-aligned.
Alphabetical index is also available.
Alphabetical index is included.
Alphabetical indexes are available for some classifications.
Alphabetical indexes are by topic and by the name of the city where a project was to be located.
Alphabetical indexes make it very easy to locate a city, a town or a street.
Alphabetical list follows map.
Alphabetical list gives words in alphabetical order.
Alphabetical list itemizes holdings of individuals and gives total for list.
Alphabetical list starts here.
Alphabetical lists are lists.
Alphabetical listing includes contact persons and a list of clients.
Alphabetical listings appear below.
Alphabetical listings are for films with only one sound file.
Alphabetical listings are now available.
Alphabetical listings cover people, places, concepts and countries.
Alphabetical order has rules so that the lexicographer and the end user can find words.
Alphabetical order includes the articles 'A', 'An' and, 'The'.
Alphabetical order is a type of seriation.
Alphabetical order is also acceptable, but adopt a consistent policy throughout the text.
Alphabetical order is observed.
Alphabetical order is the final criteria considered for ranking.
Alphabetical order is the rule of the day.
Alphabetical order is used.
Alphabetical position is Free.
Alphabetical prefixes used by different standards organizations are a useful feature.
Alphabetical results can be slightly overwhelming, but the detailed information is worth the effort.
Alphabetical roll includes name, regiment and company.
Alphabetical rotation selects the grievance committee membership quarterly.
Alphabetisation is a hang over from pre-digital writing . . .
Alphabetisation is ordering
Alphabetization is automatic.
Alphabetization is character by character instead of word by word.
Alphabetization is ordering
Alphanumeric assignment is only possible in the latter case.
Alphanumeric capability offers greatest flexibility for indentifying channels.
Alphanumeric characters are the leading characters in the string.
Alphanumeric characters represent themselves.
Alphanumeric classification uses combinations of letters and numbers.
Alphanumeric coordinates offer easy orientation and sample identification.
Any alphanumeric data is fine.
Alphanumeric display aids in identifying memorized frequencies.
An alphanumeric display is a video display
Alphanumeric fields are fields which can contain all possible codes.
Alphanumeric fields can contain a year as readily as a date format field.
Alphanumeric pagers are a cheap, swift way to send a typed message to onsite staff.
Alphanumeric pagers are available.
Alphanumeric pagers are pagers that deliver messages in text to the receiver.
Alphanumeric pagers are the most reliable and cost-effective way to stay in touch.
Alphanumeric pagers give the user many advanced features and abilities, including e-mail paging .
Alphanumeric pagers have even fewer keys.
Alphanumeric pagers work basically the same way as numeric pagers.
Many alphanumeric pagers have an alarm clock setting that can beep at a certain time.
Alphanumeric prefixes work exactly like the leading zeros example.
Alphanumeric query is implemented by a collection of parsing and query modules.
Alphanumeric service offers users an email address for their alpha pager.
Any alphanumeric string is acceptable.
Alphaviruses are among the best-characterised enveloped viruses.
Alphaviruses can infect many different organisms.
An alphavirus is an animal virus
Alpine accentors are unusual visitors which move about the cliff scree in winter.
Alpine berries require the same care as their larger cousins.
Alpine biomes are found in the mountain regions all around the world.
Some alpine choughs have bills.
Some alpine choughs have cultural significance.
Some alpine choughs have little significance.
Some alpine choughs have significance.
Alpine climate can mimic either tundra or ice cap climate.
Alpine climbers gain a foothold on steep and snowy slopes by using crampons.
Alpine climbing has little to do with campus boards and front levers.
Alpine climbing is a curious undertaking.
Alpine climbing is extreme climbing.
Alpine cotton is a good weight.
Alpine currant is one of the first shrubs to leaf out in the spring.
Alpine equipment is necessary in winter conditions and crampons are handy.
Alpine firs have thin and pitchy bark, and the needles of all conifers burn like tinder.
Alpine flora grows on the higher mountain slopes.
Alpine flowers are abundant.
Alpine flowers carpet much of the plateau.
Alpine flowers liven up the stark, high mountain setting.
Alpine forest cutting leads to the increase of washing away of the soils.
Alpine gardeners find many favorites including aplennina and narcissiflora .
Alpine glaciation creates rugged and jagged peaks.
Alpine glaciers are by far the most numerous today.
Alpine glaciers are glaciers.
Alpine glaciers are in mountains.
Alpine glaciers are where several Cirque glaciers meet.
Alpine glaciers create large U-shaped glacial valleys and cut through large mountains.
Alpine glaciers form in high elevation areas throughout the world.
Alpine glaciers form in mountain areas.
Alpine glaciers form in the mountains.
Alpine huts are available in the summer.
Alpine ibexs belong to genus.
Alpine ibexs have heads.
Alpine impressions are sublime and enduring.
Alpine ivies are perfect for flower boxes, their primary use in Europe.
Alpine life is harsh.
Alpine marmots are able to breed once they reach an age of two years.
Alpine marmots are adapted to cold climates.
Alpine marmots are mammals.
Alpine marmots are well known for their friendly dispositions.
Alpine marmots eat plants.
Alpine marmots have two different alarm calls.
Alpine marmots live in grazed sub-alpine pastures and higher elevation alpine regions.
Alpine marmots mature in their third year .
Alpine marmots mature in their third year.
Alpine marmots reproduce annually.
Alpine marmots spend all spring and summer getting as fat as they can in preparation for winter.
Most alpine marmots eat plants.
Some alpine marmots develop adaptive strategies.
Some alpine marmots develop strategies.
Some alpine marmots develop survival strategies.
Some alpine marmots emerge from hibernation.
Some alpine marmots mark territory.
Some alpine marmots prefer alpine meadows.
Some alpine marmots prefer meadows.
Some alpine marmots starve to death.
Alpine meadows are abundant.
Alpine meadows are common where prolonged snowmelt keeps the soil moist all summer.
Alpine meadows are even more sensitive, and recover very slowly if at all from human use and abuse.
Alpine meadows are meadows.
Alpine meadows extend for miles in places.
Alpine meadows have diversity.
Most alpine meadows have diversity.
Some alpine meadows open the ridgetops.
Alpine passes are easy to drive though some caution is advised on narrow, winding roads.
Alpine plants are incredibly sensitive to footsteps because of the environment they live in.
Alpine plants avoid water loss by deep rooting and increased stomatal control.
Alpine plants depend on the shelter for rocks to survive.
Alpine plants grow in very little soil, the medium being a mix of gravel, sand, and organic matter.
Alpine plants grow together as a plant community in alpine tundra .
Alpine plants retreat up mountains .
Alpine plants survive climates.
Alpine plants take advantage of a brief growing season by flowering soon after the snow melts.
Alpine plants use both sexual reproduction and asexual reproduction .
Many alpine plants ascend mountains beyond the height at which they can produce seed.
Many alpine plants germinate and even flower below a snow cover.
Many alpine plants grow only inches high for protection from the wind.
Most alpine plants are adapted to grow in sandy and rocky soil.
Most alpine plants are faced with low temperature extremes at some point in their lives.
Most Alpine plants can grow in sandy and rocky soil.
Most alpine plants survive climates.
Some alpine plants serve as medicinal plants .
Alpine racers concentrate on technical skiing, giant slalom drills and gate work.
Alpine resorts fight a rear guard action.
All alpine resorts are closed to hunting at all times.
Alpine rhododendrons can be tricky to grow in lowland gardens.
Alpine riders are the smallest minority, many of whom are current or former skiers.
Alpine skiers can find a number of slopes within an hours's drive.
Alpine skiers can save anytime through two gas station promotions.
Alpine skiers can use the four chairlifts and a rope tow.
Alpine skiers can use touring adapters and climbing skins in addition to ice axe and crampons.
Alpine skiers learn to telemark a lot faster and easier at a ski area.
Alpine skiers perform activities.
Most alpine skiers perform activities.
Alpine skiing has two events, the giant slalom and the slalom race.
Alpine skiing is a contest of speed .
Alpine skiing is a contest of speed.
Alpine skiing is a very personal experience.
Alpine skiing is a winter sport.
Alpine skiing is an expression of freedom, creativity and independence.
Alpine skiing is available at nearby resorts.
Alpine skiing is fun.
Alpine skiing is played in the Olympics.
Alpine skiing is primarily downhill skiing.
Alpine software combines proven technology with the latest innovations for the legal profession.
Alpine strawberries produce small but extremely tasty berries, and they are easy to control.
Alpine strawberries produce small, roundish, intensely flavorful fruits all summer.
Alpine strawberries produce tiny, highly flavored strawberries and make excellent ornamentals.
Alpine troops are pretty good.
Alpine tundra covers most of the wilderness.
Alpine tundra gives way to various coniferous forests often with aspen intermixed.
Alpine tundra is characterized by long, cold winters and short summers.
Alpine tundra is found above timberline in the continent's major mountain ranges.
Alpine tundra is found on the tops of tall, cold mountains.
Alpine tundra is the area in the mountains above treeline.
Alpine tundra provides habitat for horned larks, surfbirds, and white-tailed ptarmigan.
Alpine tundras exist on tall mountains, above the level where trees can grow.
Some alpine tundra contains plants.
Alpine vegetation is dominated by shrubs, herbs, bryophytes, and lichens.
Alpine vegetation is low-growing due to the intense cold and strong winds.
Alpine weather is affected by winds.
Alpine weather is notoriously changeable and storms in the high mountains can be extremely violent.
Alpinists can now haul their heavy winter gear without adding weight to their load.
An alpinist is a mountain climber
Alprazolam relieves anxiety and nervousness and helps to treat panic attacks.
An alprazolam is a benzodiazepine
Alright Clause Hold it up right here.
Most ALS victims die within two years after the disorder's onset but some live much longer.
Alsatian salt domes.
Alsatian turpentine is yielded by abies alba , a European fir.
Alsatian whites are remarkably versatile at the table.
Alsatian wine is sold by the jug.
Alsatian wines reflect the meeting of the French and the German cultures.
Alsatian isa dog.
Alsatians also take pleasure in dining on a wide variety of confectionaries and cakes.
Alsatians have (part) bone cells.
Alsatians have (part) brains.
Alsatians have (part) breasts.
Alsatians have (part) chest cavities.
Alsatians have (part) chests.
Alsatians have (part) corpi.
Alsatians have (part) ears.
Alsatians have (part) faces.
Alsatians have (part) ground substances.
Alsatians have (part) heads.
Alsatians have (part) marrow.
Alsatians have (part) mast cells.
Alsatians have (part) pads.
Alsatians have (part) paws.
Alsatians have (part) piluses.
Alsatians have (part) rib cages.
Alsatians have (part) sections.
Alsatians have (part) skulls.
Alsatians have (part) sterna.
Alsatians tend to live two to four years longer than German shepherds.
An alsatian is a sheep dog
Alsike clover is another non-native clover that grows throughout the summer and into the fall.
Alsike clover is believeed native to northerrn Europe.
Alsike clover is intermediate between red and white clover.
Alsike clover is known to cause two syndromes, photosensitization and big liver syndrome.
Alsike clover is quite tolerant of grazing.
Alsike clover is valuable both for pasture and hay on soils too wet or too acid for other clovers.
Alsike clover produces only one crop of hay each season.
ALso gnome runs on sgi and suns solaris.
Alstone proxy allows it.
Alt distribution is terrible.
Alt fermentation yields a remarkably smooth and well blended beer.
Alt tags are extremly moody in browsers.
Alt tags are where web designers write a short description of pictures used on the pages.
Alt text is used by search engines as part of indexing a web page.
Altamont grips are very high quality, and well finished.
Altan music is available here Soon.
Altar furnishings are of high gloss nickel-silver.
Altar gear is an area where one can have a great deal of fun and creativity on a shoestring budget.
Altar project is creative and organized.
Altar tables are also laden with food and flowers.
Altars are a witches' way of focusing their thoughts, similar to prayer.
Altars are albums.
Altars are individual shrines that children can create.
Altars are literally everywhere.
Altars are located in ceremony.
Altars are located in sanctuaries.
Altars are located in synagogues.
Altars are located in temples.
Altars are sacred places.
Altars are structures.
Altars are tables.
Altars are used for church services.
Altars are used for churchs.
Altars are used for sacrifices.
Altars are used for weddings.
Altars are used for worship.
Altars can also be a focus for meditation, a tiny moment of calm and focus in a stressful day.
Altars can be anything, from a coffee table to a tree stump.
Altars can be quite mysterious to a beginning player.
Altars can occur anywhere in the main dungeon, sometimes even more than one on a level.
Altars everywhere are the sites of ritual communication with the supernatural.
Altars made of tropical woods are strong and imposing pieces of craftsmanship.
Altars made of tropical woods are the main type produced in Tokyo.
Altars provide a physical, tangible way to honor our struggles and experiences.
An altar is a table
All altars face east and run north-south.
Every altar has an alignment, which determines to what god it belongs.
Many altars have both.
Altarpieces show continual change over the years, both in shape and subject matter.
An altarpiece is a screen
Altarpieces often have a decorated panel at the bottom called a predella.
Altavista soils are moderately well drained.
Altavista spiders explore the Web every day looking for new information.
Altaz mounts are like old camera tripod mounts.
Altazimuth mounts permit vertical and horizontal motions of the telescope.
Many altazimuth mounts come with slow-motion controls and cables for hand operation.
Altcar series reed peat occurs on the fringes of the site.
Altec corks are absolutely symmetrical, perfectly consistent, and yet totally natural in appearance.
Alter food consumption alters enzyme levels.
Alter food consumption alters levels.
Alter patterns have adverse effects.
Alter patterns have effects.
Alteration of consciousness is the hallmark of brain injury.
Alteration affects functions.
Alteration affects properties.
Alteration consists of minor to extensive silicification.
Alteration creates effects.
Alteration has disruptive effects.
Alteration has effects.
Alteration includes replacements.
Alteration increases gradually downward, from slight to moderate.
Alteration is absent.
Alteration is an occurrence
Alteration is by far the most popular choice.
Alteration is caused by activities.
Alteration is caused by human activities.
Alteration is classified as construction.
Alteration is common.
Alteration is often for aesthetic reasons.
Alteration is often patchy and fracture-controlled.
Alteration is performed by changing cons cells in the list being scanned.
Alteration is slight to moderate.
Alteration is slight with filling of vesicles and scarce replacement of groundmass.
Alteration is their taste.
Alteration isa happening.
Alteration isa occurrence.
Alteration leads to adjustment.
Alteration leads to cascade effects.
Alteration leads to effects.
Alteration leads to indirect effects.
Alteration makes effects.
Alteration mays have causes.
Alteration requires adjustment.
Alteration results from extractions.
Alteration results in variation.
Alteration spells that change living things.
Alteration takes the form of sericite, pyrite and less commonly clays.
Alteration varies from intense to extreme.
Alteration varies with depth, and is complicated by overprinting relationships.
Alteration zoning with high level silicification and argillization are typical lithocaps.
Alterations also occur in the areas of self-concept and cognitive growth.
Alterations are additional.
Alterations are also an additional charge.
Alterations are available at both locations.
Alterations are available for all garments.
Alterations are available for ready-made gowns also.
Alterations are available on site.
Alterations are available to meet customer specifications.
Alterations are available.
Alterations are changes or modifications to physical facilities.
Alterations are different for each item ordered.
Alterations are easy and affordable .
Alterations are free and unlimited where the basic design remains the same.
Alterations are no problem because they have an in-house alterations staff.
Alterations are often necessary to provide a perfect fit.
Alterations are sometimes abrupt.
Alterations can come with costly tickets and repair bills.
Alterations can invalidate results.
Alterations can occur in the controlling mechanisms of genes as well as in the genes themselves.
Alterations can occur on the posterior aspect of vertebral bodies, most often in the cervical spine.
Alterations can remove singularities.
Alterations cause problems and untoward changes in the patient's ability to function.
Alterations come into force immediately.
Alterations do occur in chromosomes either in sets or in their structure.
Alterations lead to congenital abnormalities or pregnancy loss.
Alterations meet the existing requirements of the zone in which the structure is located.
Alterations represent work performed in addition to the original specification.
Alterations represent work performed in addition to the original specifications.
Alterations require blown leaves.
All alterations take place in conformity with the law of the connection of cause and effect.
Any alteration implies that somehow or somewhere, an extra effort is required.
Any alteration involves the risk of decompression sickness.
Any alterations are subject to additional charges.
Any alterations diminish the value of a piece.
Any alterations require the previous permission of the author.
Most alteration affects properties.
Most alteration creates effects.
Most alteration has disruptive effects.
Most alteration has effects.
Most alteration includes replacements.
Most alteration is caused by activities.
Most alteration is caused by human activities.
Most alteration leads to adjustment.
Most alteration leads to cascade effects.
Most alteration leads to effects.
Most alteration leads to indirect effects.
Most alteration makes effects.
Most alteration requires adjustment.
Most alterations are little more than a minor facelift and tummy tuck.
Some alteration affects development.
Some alteration causes damage.
Some alteration causes death.
Some alteration comes from accumulation.
Some alteration has applications.
Some alteration has immediate impact.
Some alteration has impact.
Some alteration has several useful applications.
Some alteration includes addition.
Some alteration includes erosion.
Some alteration increases effectiveness.
Some alteration is aimed at increasing the nutritional value or extending the shelf life of a food.
Some alteration leads to accumulation.
Some alteration leads to extinction.
Some alteration leads to inability.
Some alteration leads to local extinction.
Some alteration limits ability.
Some alteration occurs in animals.
Some alteration reduces capacity.
Some alteration regulates production.
Some alteration takes places.
Some alterations are also available for slightly more.
Some alterations are possible, although by now they are unlikely.
Alterative fuels have the potential to significantly reduce motor vehicle emissions.
Alterative herbs have nonspecific effects on the gastrointestinal tract and the liver.
Altercation is a row
Altercations ranging from verbal to physical are common.
Altered animals are less likely to bite .
Altered animals live longer, healthier lives .
Altered animals live longer, healthier lives.
Altered animals make better family pets.
Altered animals make better, more affectionate companions .
Altered behavior is something entirely different than an altered physiological response or disease.
Altered buildings receive three inspections.
Altered cats are healthier and live longer than their intact kin do.
Altered cats can be larger.
Altered cats compete in the premiership class.
Altered coins have no value to coin collectors.
Altered dogs are half-price.
Altered dogs behave better and are more focused on training.
Altered dogs can and are eligible for all performance events and ranch work.
Altered flows can also affect fish migration.
Altered gene fights tumors in mice.
Altered gravity regulates bone remodeling.
Altered kittens are eligible for entry.
Altered levels are associated with congnitive disease.
Altered males are less likely to get hit by cars during quests for females.
Altered motion creates organ dysfunction.
Altered mice help researchers.
Altered pets are healthier and make better companions.
Altered pets are healthier.
Altered pets are more affectionate and loving companions.
Altered pets are more docile than whole cats.
Altered poses are extra.
Altered rabbits are healthier and live longer than unaltered rabbits.
Altered rabbits tend to be healthier and live longer than unaltered rabbits.
Altered receipts are invalid.
Altered sensorium clears up first, along with the headache.
Altered spelling appears in the text and a demo message appears in the graphics.
Altered states are almost always either positive or negative.
Altered states are key to healing and bliss .
Altered States Learn about the companies, methods and motives behind genetically modified foods.
Altered tuffs form the orange-colored patches on either side of the dike.
Alternaria infection can also cause pod shatter and increased green seed count.
Alternaria lesions can be irregular in shape and have a distinct greenish tinge.
Alternaria lesions cause collapse of the stem.
Alternaria pressure remains fairly high.
Alternaria spores are highly allergenic.
Alternaria spots have a red-brown margin and contain obvious concentric rings.
Alternate access is by way of Castle Valley.
Alternate accommodation is available in town.
Alternate activities take place in the event of cloudy skies.
Alternate airports work in Europe as well as in the United States.
Alternate alcohol beverages with noncarbonated, non-alcohol beverages, such as juice.
Alternate alcoholic beverages with low-calorie ones.
Alternate alcoholic beverages with non-alcoholic beverages and eat while drinking.
Alternate alcoholic beverages with nonalcoholic beverages.
Alternate alcoholic drinks with a glass of water or low calorie drink.
Alternate alcoholic drinks with non-alcoholic drinks.
Alternate angles are equal.
Alternate appetizer is the warm potato and goat cheese salad.
Alternate apple wraps with kumquats on skewers.
Alternate application helps to relieve discomfort caused by flatulence and intestinal obstructions.
Alternate arrangements are also possible.
Alternate arrangements are available for neighbor island students.
Alternate arrangements are, of course, possible.
Alternate assessments can also cover additional content such as functional skills.
Alternate assignments allow students to rotate between full-time semesters of work and study.
Alternate bearing is a phenomenon where trees bear heavy and light crops in alternate years.
Alternate bearing is a problem that mandarin growers just learn to live with.
Alternate bearing is common.
Alternate bids are secured and potential suppliers critically tested for quality and service.
Some alternate blotches appear on backs.
Alternate browsers are about as relevant as the Communist party , comrade.
Alternate build is a pit lane.
Alternate certificate means nothing.
Alternate channels offer opportunities.
Alternate chapters tell the stories of the slaves.
Alternate characters are available and change over in minutes and inexpensively.
Many alternate characters exist as initiates.
Alternate chemistries are available with the exception of copper strike.
Alternate choices are Always or Never.
Alternate cities are also an option.
Alternate command forms with clearer meanings.
Alternate configurations are also available.
Alternate Connection See the Internet links listed on the pages referred to above.
Alternate connectivity is available through our proxy server.
Alternate courses go through all stages of processing, except the official stage.
Alternate current produces current.
Alternate current produces output current.
Alternate day dosing reduces the incidence and severity of unwanted effects.
Alternate definitions are subject to notice requirements.
Alternate delivery is also available for regular educational programming.
Alternate delivery is available upon request in the comment section below.
Alternate delivery means that a blend of delivery methods are used.
Alternate design using uncooled detectors is under study.
Alternate display Begin a game in arcade or original mode.
Alternate education has a refreshing approach towards education, apart from being innovative.
Alternate education offers a conventional education in a student oriented environment.
Alternate energy has to also be connected with local livelihoods.
Alternate exams are frequently more difficult.
Alternate explanations focus on efficient market forces.
Alternate families are an accepted presence in our community.
Alternate file formatted for printing is also available.
Alternate fire charges up for a few seconds, and then lets loose a more powerful bolt.
Alternate fire shoots a bigger blob.
Alternate fire shoots one rocket.
Alternate fire switches between modes.
Alternate fit ensures the frames rest on the nose and prevents sliding.
Alternate floors shown include concrete with trench and wood construction.
Alternate forms are useful, as long as they are comparable in difficulty.
Alternate forms is a generic term used to refer to any of three categories.
Alternate format is available upon request.
Alternate formats are available for many of the texts.
Alternate formats are available upon request.
Alternate formats are possible to address unique backgrounds.
Alternate formats are to be used for special situations.
Alternate formats range from Braille to cassette recordings.
Some alternate formats do take considerable time to produce.
Alternate foundations are offered, call for availability.
Alternate funding is sometimes available.
Alternate futures provide an excellent framework for conducting systems analyses.
Alternate guests are welcome.
Alternate history is a branch of sf with as much claim to validity as any other.
Alternate history is an odd little genre within science fiction.
Alternate host is common barberry, a tall erect woody shrub with bristle-toothed leaves.
Alternate host is hemlock.
Alternate host is pine where it produces a blister rust on the needles.
Alternate host is white spruce or none.
Alternate hosts are apple, crabapple, hawthorn and mountain ash.
Alternate hosts are wild grasses.
Alternate hosts are willow, poplar, and birch.
Alternate hosts occur among cultivated and wild plant species.
Some alternate hosts provide food sources.
Some alternate hosts provide sources.
Alternate housing is in nearby motels.
Alternate hypotheses are the A-beta derives from the brain or systemic blood.
Alternate hypotheses to explain effects.
Alternate interpretations are extremely important.
Alternate interpretations muddle the original intent.
Alternate invocation is double-click.
Alternate items are available upon request.
Alternate jerseys are available by separate order.
Alternate jurors are necessary to ensure a sufficient number of jurors for deliberation.
Alternate labels are also available.
Alternate language bindings .
Alternate leaves are ovate or circular, have a pointed tip and are round at the base.
Alternate leaves are willow-like and are darker on the upper surface than underneath.
Alternate leafhopper lives on blackberry.
Alternate leaves are large and broad and up to six inches long.
Alternate leaves surround the central stem with the larger leaves occuring on the lower stem.
Alternate lids are available.
Alternate lines are input and output.
Alternate location is available.
Alternate locations are here , here , and here .
Alternate locations are key to any good disaster prevention and recovery plan.
Alternate lunch is indicated by starred items.
Alternate lyrics make for an interesting Tangled Up In Blue.
Every alternate market assumes the character of a fortnight cattle fair.
Alternate materials including aluminum and stainless steel are also available.
Alternate meetings center around student-led discussions of important policy issues.
Alternate members have participatory rights, excluding the right to vote.
Alternate members receive the same reimbursement as regular members for their attendance.
Alternate method exists for increasing shareholder value through a share repurchase program.
Alternate methods are available for searching for gene sequences.
Alternate methods can result in different charges.
Alternate names are given in parenthesis .
Alternate names are given in parenthesis.
Alternate navigation can be a good solution as long as it's easy to find.
Alternate navigation is available below.
Alternate occupancy describes cows lying in every other free stall with an empty facing stall.
Alternate operators are optional.
Alternate orange slices with onion slices.
Alternate output pull down transistors allow relays to be driven.
Alternate packages are available.
Alternate packaging is the responsibility of the end user.
Alternate pages are half width to allow the young reader to change the scenes.
Alternate pages provide storyline and factual information abouot the insects.
Alternate pages provide summaries of the action and explanations of difficult words or phrases.
Alternate pathways are in light grey.
Alternate pathways have a role to play in the development of new specialty boards.
Alternate patterns create effects.
Alternate patterns create zigzag effects.
Most alternate patterns create effects.
Most alternate patterns create zigzag effects.
Alternate plans are in the works.
Alternate players belong to the same team.
Alternate power is available.
Some alternate practitioners use diet as a basis for their treatment of acne.
Many alternate products pollute during their production or after their life is over.
Many alternate programs exist.
Alternate provisions are available if the ticket can be purchased at a lower cost elsewhere.
Alternate push exercises with pull exercises.
Alternate reality is okay too.
Alternate regimens are also available.
Alternate representatives replace the executive and possibly other officers.
Alternate Roots do in fact exist.
Alternate route is advised for the length of the traffic shift.
Alternate route is established to avoid enemy spotlights.
Alternate routes appear and shortcuts appear.
Alternate routes are available around campus and in Newark.
Alternate routes are available.
Alternate routes are bypasses.
Alternate routes are one way motorists can cope.
Alternate routes are roadways.
Alternate routes exist but are rockier and more technical.
Every alternate route leads to death.
Alternate sections are on an as needed basis.
Alternate segregations result in normal and translocation gametes.
Alternate selections are optional.
Alternate semesters treat different topics.
Alternate senators can vote in place of the regular senator.
Alternate sentence lengths.
Alternate settings are available for almost all computer resolution combinations.
Alternate settings select how much bandwidth a device uses, programming interface, etc.
Alternate shot is typically a little easier to dope out.
Alternate shutter means pre-specimen blanking, otherwise a blanker in the filter itself is used.
Alternate signs are available which court permit holders yet serve notice on others.
Alternate site is a general term used to describe all non-hospital inpatient settings.
Alternate site is across the street if there is a soccer conflict.
Alternate sites are site are selected by the home team.
Many alternate sizes are also available.
Alternate slabs are mirror twins.
Alternate source mean reduced risk.
Alternate sources are cable, auto insurance, pager, cellular phone, and utility bills.
Alternate sources are partial or complete synthesis or plant cell tissue cultures.
Alternate sources have and continue to be consulted but are of a limited use in grouping families.
Alternate space is available.
Alternate species are available.
Alternate spelling is almondine.
Alternate spellings are fairly common for names in the Author class.
Alternate status is recognized only for the year of the application.
Alternate status is the equivalent of being wait listed for an interview.
Alternate storage is a factor. . . .
Alternate suggestions are welcome.
Alternate tampon use with pads.
Alternate testing uses nets.
Alternate text appears when graphics are turned off.
Alternate text goes here.
Alternate text is also an accessibility feature.
Alternate text is displayed in place of images.
Alternate text is displayed while an image is loading and in text-only browsers.
Alternate text is handled as for non-floating graphics.
Alternate text is provided for every image.
Alternate text is supplied for each graphics in case they are turned off by the browser.
Alternate text serves two purposes.
Alternate text shows up in the newest browsers as text popup.
Alternate theories continue to be put forth, mostly from outside academic Egyptology or Archaeology.
Alternate therapy is complex.
Alternate therapy is required.
Alternate teeth project to the side from opposite sides so that the saw cut is wider than the blade.
Alternate trail follows river along lower level for mile.
Alternate trail is unmarked, but easy to follow from the map.
Many alternate trails exist.
Alternate transitions separate one bit from the next.
Alternate translations are available.
Alternate transportation is encouraged.
Alternate travel is in place and more shuttles are being added on campus.
Alternate uniforms Start a game on the normal difficulty setting.
Alternate universes are exactly that, alternate.
Alternate use is in the installation of plastic laminate.
Alternate vehicle permits expire within two weeks from the date of issuance.
Alternate version are in brackets.
Alternate voice panning to opposite sides is interesting.
Alternate wavelength ranges for gratings are possible.
Alternate woods are available.
Alternate years cover the social sciences and the humanities.
Alternate Years Fall.
Alternate zones are opaque in the simple transmission zone plate.
Alternates are acceptable for members representing an organization.
Alternates are always welcome.
Alternates are available in the community.
Alternates are eligible to be considered for the vacated position.
Alternates are fine, as long as the option of going there remains open.
Alternates are important.
Alternates are never easier than the original assignment.
Alternates are to attend meetings in the absence of the appointed member.
Alternates be ready to dance .
Alternates be ready to dance.
Alternates become active in the year indicated.
Alternates can attend all meetings and have voting rights when principal board members are absent.
Alternates can only fill seats for which they are elected constituents.
Alternates can reapply immediately.
Alternates can sign up beginning three days before the interview date.
Alternates caps and lowercase letters.
Alternates fill in during a delegate's absence.
Alternates have full voting authority when substituting for an appointed member.
Alternates have no vote unless they replace a delegate.
Alternates have the opportunity to challenge into the block before each home game.
Alternates have the same privileges as the Senators for whom they substitute.
Alternates is a forum for adults who are interested in discussing alternate sexual lifestyles.
Alternates is pansexual in nature, welcoming all orientations.
Alternates receive and review the same materials that are distributed to regular members.
Alternates report to the contest room for roll call.
Alternates serve for a period of three years.
Alternates serve in the absence of an appointed delegate for the same administrative year.
An alternate is relief
All alternates provide the possibility of deck replacement.
Alternatings are strabismus.
Alternation of generation involves, what seems like a very complicated reproductive method.
Alternation of generation is, in fact, the result of changing nutritive conditions.
Alternation of generations describes the life cycle of plants.
Alternation of generations is a natural phenomenon
Alternation of generations is another in- dication of an advanced position in the plant world.
Alternation of generations is seen in all land plants, which are descendants of green algae.
Alternation of generations means plants have multicellular haploid and multicellular diploid forms.
Alternation of generations occurs between diploid and haploid generations.
Alternation of generations occurs in almost all marine algae.
Alternation of generations refers to cycling between haploid to diploid generations.
Alternation of generations refers to the two main phases in the life history of plants.
Alternation appears twice annually.
Alternation is a sequence
Alternation is replaced by repetition so no transitions needed.
Alternation is succession.
Alternation isa activity.
Alternation proceeds for most time of a game with moves only.
Alternations arise from underspecification .
Some alternation takes places.
Alternative access is through Quest .
Alternative access is through the subject index .
Alternative accommodation is offered too.
Alternative accommodations are available in Norman.
Alternative accommodations are available upon request.
All alternative accommodation is the responsibility of participants.
Alternative accounts have legitimate uses.
Alternative actions are in the works.
Alternative activities are available for some of the tasks.
Alternative adjuvants are effective in certain situations.
Alternative advancement is by specialisation.
Alternative agents are available for most other conditions.
Every alternative album has a picture of a chain saw lying out of focus on green grass.
Some alternative antibiotics require three doses per day for ten days.
Alternative anticoagulants exist.
Many alternative applications are freely available from shareware and Palm specialist sites.
Alternative approaches are readily available under state authority to address such issues.
Alternative approaches are therefore under consideration.
Alternative approaches involve serialisation bottlenecks in multiprocessor machines.
Alternative approaches involve testing food extracts in the skin and under the tongue ' .
Alternative approaches use self-checking server processes.
Alternative arrangements are available on request.
Alternative arrangements are generally possible, if given advance notice.
Alternative arrangements are now under consideration.
Alternative arrangements are one reason the unemployment rate has been declining.
Alternative arrangements are possible.
Alternative arrangements exist for payment by cheque or postal order.
Alternative assessment includes a variety of measures that can be adapted for different situations.
Alternative assessment includes nontraditional methods of evaluating mastery of content and skills.
Alternative assessment involves teacher feedback, peer feedback and self assessment.
Alternative assessment is any type of assessment in which students create a response to a question.
Alternative assessment is arranged.
Alternative assessment is simply an alternative to traditional methods.
Alternative assessment seems to mean any alternative to testing.
Alternative assessments are more conducive to brain-based learning.
Alternative assessments are usually one key element of an assessment system .
Alternative assessments examine student products rather than their responses to test items.
Most alternative assessments take place in relaxed settings with flexible time limits.
Alternative assignments are possible by agreement with the lecturer.
Alternative assignments are possible when circumstances warrant.
Alternative b wins, and the dishonest voters have achieved a preferred outcome.
Many alternative books are available.
Alternative brackets are available to mount to the side of the vehicle's box.
Alternative breaks are when students go and do helpful social work, instead of wastefully relaxing.
Alternative browsers can offer a more compact, yet robust, surfing experience.
Alternative browsers welcome.
Alternative certification is available only in specified certification areas.
Alternative certification is defined by specific state programs.
Alternative certification provides a non-traditional route to teacher certification in Pennsylvania.
Alternative channels depend on the customers.
Alternative choices exist in regions.
Most alternative choices exist in regions.
Alternative cleats constructed of thermoplastic or other plastic derivatives, are now commonplace.
Alternative climates affect the forest sector through changes in timber availability.
Alternative comics get the keys to a big room for a night, and they really tear things up.
Alternative compliance allows additional flexibility within a lot.
Alternative conferences make waves.
Alternative containers are also available and are typically made of cardboard.
Alternative content is needed for any page feature requiring plug-ins or scripts.
Alternative courses are available.
Alternative courses offer electives to help students prepare for the advanced study of mathematics.
Alternative crops are an option, though none seem as lucrative as tobacco.
Alternative currency slows that process.
Alternative curricula are the biomedical options in other engineering departments.
Alternative d is an excellent solution, when it can be used.
Alternative D stresses visitor access to unique winter features in the parks.
Alternative days are available to groups with a minimum of four passengers.
Alternative definitions are widely available.
Alternative deliveries focus on meeting the needs of students with busy lifestyles.
Alternative delivery extends no time limits.
Alternative delivery is associated with the use of educational technologies.
Alternative description is necessary.
Most alternative designs focus on eliminating or relocating the function and number keys.
Alternative determinatives are or .
Alternative development can work in Afghanistan .
Alternative doctors seek to address the underlying cause of hypertension and correct it.
Alternative drugs are available and are discussed below.
Alternative drugs used for stimulation include glucagon, clonidine, arginine and propranolol.
Alternative duties are negotiable prior to contractual agreement.
Alternative E maintains a fairly continuous forest canopy across the landscape.
Alternative education is offered as a dropout prevention program.
Alternative education is offered to students in small comfortable classroom settings.
Alternative education is offered to students in small, comfortable classroom settings.
Alternative education offers multiple programs to all potential students.
Alternative education seems to be the wave of the future.
More alternative education has to happen.
Alternative employment is increasingly a recognized reality and objective within the profession.
Alternative ends are illusory.
Alternative energy can provide ample and dependable power.
Alternative energy is a term used for an energy source that is an alternative to using fossil fuels.
Alternative energy is energy
Alternative energy is energy.
Alternative energy is much more speculative.
Alternative energy is next.
Alternative energy is the key to the future, and it needs to be developed now.
Alternative energy is vital for an atmosphere free of pollution and an environmentally safer world.
Alternative energy makes good financial sense.
Alternative enterprises can take many forms.
Alternative entry is also available for mature age students.
Alternative entry is available.
Alternative estimates exist for many uncompleted genomes.
Alternative evaluation is discovery oriented.
Alternative evaluations are available to experienced, tenured teachers yearly.
Alternative explanations abound.
Alternative explanations are famously less successful.
Alternative explanations exist.
Alternative families have a variety of options in reducing estate and gift taxes.
Alternative fashions seem outrageous and threatening to many.
Alternative fertilisers are available at garden centres.
Alternative financing is available.
Alternative foods are always available for children with food restrictions.
Alternative forms are available.
Alternative formats are also available, such as Braille, audio, and large print text.
Alternative formats are available for younger children and adolescents.
Alternative formats are available on request.
Alternative formats are available upon request.
Alternative formats are available.
Alternative formats are prepared to make the content of the collections accessible to scholars.
Alternative formats are, as always, available on request.
Alternative frameworks allow one to share results.
Alternative fuels are an abundant renewable resource.
Alternative fuels are capable of reducing emissions and can make good business sense as well.
Alternative fuels are environmentally friendly.
Alternative fuels are far from perfect substitutes for oil.
Alternative fuels are important for air quality and for conserving natural resources.
Alternative fuels are important to our nation's energy security.
Alternative fuels are substantially non-petroleum.
Alternative fuels are the best long-term solution to our growing dependence on foreign oil.
Alternative fuels are the future, a way to reduce emissions and increase efficiency.
Alternative fuels are the long-ignored path to a sustainable future.
Alternative fuels are the wave of the future.
Alternative fuels can potentially reduce emissions associated with standard diesel fuel.
Alternative fuels can sometimes be a tough sell.
Alternative fuels have a long history in Minnesota.
Alternative fuels have benefits that go beyond their improvement of air quality.
Alternative fuels help the environment by emitting fewer air pollutants.
Alternative fuels produce less air toxins and ozone-forming emissions than gasoline.
Alternative fuels rebate fund.
Alternative fuels represent the best long-term approach to true energy security.
Alternative fuels truck commercial application program .
Alternative fuels truck commercial application program.
Most alternative fuels are readily available here in the United States.
Alternative functions are also explored on the basis of morphological details.
Alternative Funding Continue to seek alternative funding sources.
Alternative funding is necessary for nonprofits to achieve their technology goals.
Many alternative galleries have outreach programs.
Alternative gifts are donations in honor of a recipient to support missions around the world.
Alternative goals render successful outcomes likely.
Alternative gowns supply a range of new and once-worn bridal wear, evening gowns and accessories.
Alternative grammars are conceivable.
Alternative Groups are as important as Caucuses in terms of fighting oppression.
Alternative groups comp.
Alternative groups offer a forum for discussion and alternative ways of looking at issues.
Alternative healers speak of energy, resonance, and balance, but the words have no substance.
Many alternative healers refer to the bodies innate intelligence.
Alternative health is the topic.
Alternative heaters are the third leading cause of residential fire deaths.
Alternative history is a tricky game.
Alternative homepage is available in Rome .
Alternative housing is also available on a limited basis.
Alternative housing is available on a limited basis.
Alternative housing is available.
Alternative housing is made available.
Alternative housing is the only option other than dormitory living for non-greek sophomores.
Some alternative housing is available.
Alternative hypothesis states that the samples are statistically different.
Alternative implementations are in development.
Alternative interpretations are possible and have been proposed.
Alternative interpretations are welcome.
Alternative investments diversify sources of profit and minimize volatility.
Alternative investments provide limited liquidity and contain risks.
Many alternative investments pay better.
Alternative keyboards can also facilitate the use of personal computers for adults and children.
Alternative languages are futile.
Alternative layouts are possible as long as certain design parameters are acknowledged.
Many alternative leaders are physicians.
Alternative lenders are free to set their own repayment terms, interest rates, guarantee fees, etc.
Most alternative lenders conduct a credit check to determine qualification.
Alternative lifestyles are varied within anarchism, they are a matter of individual taste.
Alternative lifestyles covers everything in personal ads from singles to groups.
Alternative literature is often highly inaccurate.
Alternative liturgies reflect various shapes and understandings of liturgy.
Alternative loans are also available.
Alternative loans are loans available from commercial lenders for educational costs.
Alternative loans are personal loans for educational purposes.
All alternative loans are private, credit based loans.
Most alternative loans have higher fees and interest rates.
Most alternative loans require that the borrower demonstrate credit-worthiness.
Some alternative loans are available for other continuing education courses.
Alternative location is available.
Alternative locations are also available.
Alternative locations can been arrange within any major facility around the world.
Alternative management is suggested.
Alternative mappings Try the same activity with the words discipleship, leadership and partnership.
Alternative measures are a way to address crime in conjunction with the criminal justice system.
Alternative measures are also in place in the event of further delays.
Alternative measures are available.
Alternative measures are in the works.
Alternative meats complement our menu, but it is hard to replace a good piece of beef.
Alternative mechanisms are now under investigation by kidney physiologists.
Alternative mechanisms exist for meeting the needs which prompt users to make such a request.
Alternative medications are expensive and relatively ineffective.
Alternative medicine promoters use books.
Alternative medicine belongs to the past.
Alternative medicine calls for sometimes risky measures.
Alternative medicine can be a compelling hobby for the healthy, and a final hope for the dying.
Alternative medicine can get people off the sickness treadmill and back into normal working life.
Alternative medicine can help restore the bodies normal balance.
Alternative medicine can treat many health conditions that conventional medicine can.
Alternative medicine covers a broad range of healing philosophies, approaches, and therapies.
Alternative medicine creates a different approach to medical health.
Alternative medicine emphasizes prevention as well as treatment. .
Alternative medicine gets to the real problems and provides effective cures and preventions.
Alternative medicine goes mainstream . . .
Alternative medicine has legal ramifications as well.
Alternative medicine has no one definition.
Alternative medicine has no scientific base.
Alternative medicine has the same goal.
Alternative medicine includes chiropractic, acupunture, and massage among others.
Alternative medicine includes herbalists and massage therapists.
Alternative medicine includes practices usually used instead of conventional medical practices.
Alternative medicine instigates a self-sufficiency lacking in western medicine.
Alternative medicine is a good deal more Than what's found in ancient lore.
Alternative medicine is a huge field filled with a lot of junk.
Alternative medicine is a term that, until recently, was used for all unconventional therapies.
Alternative medicine is a therapy or healing approach used in place of traditional medical care.
Alternative medicine is a very mixed bag.
Alternative medicine is a world-wide phenomena.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate approach for the treatment of the measles for healthy adults.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate early treatment for a mild case of adult tonsillitis.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for a child with a non-poisonous snake bite.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for a child with a stye.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for a child with thrush.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for a child with urethritis.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for relief of muscle cramps.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for tendinitis.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for the treatment of acute bronchitis in children.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for the treatment of athlete 's foot.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for the treatment of athlete's foot.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for the treatment of boils for most adults.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for the treatment of fibromyalgia.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step for uncomplicated, low back pain.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step in the treatment of androgenetic alopecia.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step in the treatment of diaper rash.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step in the treatment of eczema.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step in the treatment of indigestion.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step in the treatment of mild croup.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step in the treatment of nosebleeds.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step in the treatment of urinary incontinence.
Alternative medicine is an appropriate first step in the treatment of vomiting.
Alternative medicine is anything non- western.
Alternative medicine is anything non-western.
Alternative medicine is cost additive.
Alternative medicine is everywhere.
Alternative medicine is founded on a deep belief in the healing power of nature.
Alternative medicine is in.
Alternative medicine is medicine which is practiced instead of conventional medicine.
Alternative medicine is medicine
Alternative medicine is medicine.
Alternative medicine is no longer just about crystals and home remedies.
Alternative medicine is non-invasive and preventative in nature.
Alternative medicine is offered now in quite a number of medical schools.
Alternative medicine is the appropriate first step for allergic or mild irritant conjunctivitis.
Alternative medicine is the primary treatment approach for influenza in healthy adults.
Alternative medicine is the primary treatment approach for measles in healthy children.
Alternative medicine is used alone, without recommended standard treatment.
Alternative medicine is widespread and has a long-lasting tradition in our country.
Alternative medicine meets science .
Alternative medicine meets science.
Alternative medicine moves into the mainstream.
Alternative medicine offers a number of systems for healing aching backs.
Alternative medicine ranges from enhancing workouts to treating depression and chronic back pain.
Alternative medicine rebuilds, restores, and supports our body.
Alternative medicine retains a link to the past.
Alternative medicine uses therapies that are outside of the mainstream pill and surgery realm.
Alternative medicine wins some respect from insurers.
Alternative medicine works.
Alternative medicines can be an alternative.
Alternative medicines have far less contraindications and side-effects than conventional treatments.
Alternative medicines pose special problems that deserve attention.
Most alternative medicine is pretty dubious, but homeopathy is downright ludicrous.
Alternative media are available by special order.
Alternative media has an invaluable role in reflecting what taking direct action actually entails.
Alternative Media Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Alternative media is local.
Alternative media needs no news hooks.
Alternative media reaches youth.
Alternative media seeks to challenge the mass media s representation of news.
Alternative media shifts the passive to the active.
Alternative menu is available and guests with vegetarian and special diets are most welcome.
Alternative menus are available for buffets or larger banquets.
Alternative metal is like regular heavy music , but it can be more experimental .
Alternative metal is like regular heavy music, but it can be more experimental.
Alternative metals are more popular because of the unusual shapes and designs.
Alternative method is Freeman codes.
Alternative method is more suitable for people coming from downtown area.
Alternative methods are available upon request.
Alternative methods are available.
Alternative methods are immune-selection, centrifugal elutriation and density gradients.
Alternative methods are managerial judgment, time series analysis, or exponential smoothing.
Alternative methods are most useful for women with regular menstrual cycles.
Alternative methods constitute only a part of the evaluation scheme.
Alternative methods eliminate the hand labor of filling feeder lids several times a day.
Alternative methods include tests.
Alternative methods produce results.
Alternative methods provide a more balanced view.
Alternative methods rely on proxies such as the use of animal models.
Alternative methods take hours to days to acquire data and deliver poorly-resolved images.
Alternative methods use an external ultrasound monitor.
Many alternative methods exist to predict the physical location of any train.
Most alternative methods produce results.
Some alternative methods based on direct search and combinations are also available.
Some alternative methods based on direct search are also available.
Some alternative methods focus on cost.
Some alternative methods focus on operate cost.
Some alternative methods involve enzymes.
Alternative models are possible with the same formulae.
Alternative models can reveal interesting results.
Alternative models claim that priming effects are generated by an integrative mechanism.
Alternative movements aim at securing partial change in individuals.
Alternative music is now mainstream music.
Alternative music is the main staple of the acts here.
Alternative names appear in parentheses behind the primary people name.
Alternative names are pes planovalgus, fallen arches, or pronation of the feet.
Alternative oilseeds are climatically compatible with the northern tier and high plains states.
Alternative one is closest to the original.
Alternative one is no change in management.
Alternative option is a major project.
Alternative options are available.
Alternative options are silk flowers or balloons.
Alternative options use different techniques.
Alternative options use techniques.
Most alternative options use different techniques.
Most alternative options use techniques.
Some alternative options are available for pest management.
Some alternative options have drawbacks.
Some alternative options have environmental drawbacks.
Alternative packages are equally complicated.
Alternative packaging is available upon request.
Alternative papers link to Dallas, Miami and Seattle.
Alternative pathways are available for mature age students.
Alternative patterns are possible if students are interested in internships or International study.
Alternative payment means to credit cards such as smart cards.
Alternative people are open to the ecstatic possibilities.
Alternative people keep their visors flat.
Alternative perspectives derive from national attributes and industry views.
Alternative perspectives vanish from the mainstream.
Alternative physicians observe their patients and adjust accordingly.
Some alternative physicians deal specifically with side effects of radiation and chemotherapy.
Alternative plans are available under which employees pay a share of the cost.
Alternative plans can make way for other opportunities to be considered.
Alternative plans range include various single lane roads with separate bicycle lanes and sidewalks.
Alternative players are widely available both as standalone tools or browser helpers or plugins.
Alternative policies are unworkable.
Any alternative possibility is left out of the reckoning.
Alternative power can provide as much as one-third of the state's average needs.
Alternative practitioners can play only a marginal role in treating illness in our patients.
Alternative practitioners pay close attention to the amount that s given.
Alternative practitioners use several marketing strategies to reach patient-consumers.
Many alternative practitioners look unhealthy, act in unhealthy ways and are emotionally inept.
Many alternative practitioners see themselves primarily as healing facilitators .
Alternative prey makes up diets.
Most alternative prey makes up diets.
Alternative processes are very varied and take a long time to master.
Alternative products are available on the U.S. market.
Alternative products are available.
Alternative programs are also available.
Alternative programs are classes that offer an alternative to the traditional education curriculum.
Alternative programs are costly, but they can also be cost effective.
Alternative programs are just one part of any community s prevention approach.
Alternative programming has a positive impact on student achievement, our top priority.
Alternative project link here .
Alternative projects are possible.
Alternative promoters control expression of a starch branching enzyme gene in wheat.
Alternative promoters use books.
Most alternative promoters use books.
All alternative proposals offered to date keep government in the business of American retirement.
Alternative propulsion is by oars which are permanently shipped through ports near the gunwales.
Alternative prostheses are available.
Most alternative publications are free to the consumer.
Alternative pupils can work through the exercise as a self-contained study.
Alternative qualifications welcome.
Some alternative queries are possible.
Alternative questions lead to more useful insights.
Some alternative rap has musically very little to do with hip hop and rap music.
Alternative readings provide materials for class discussion.
Alternative regimens are ampicillin, amoxicillin, or erythromycin.
Alternative Releases Keep up on the latest alternative music.
Some alternative remedies offer maddeningly mystical explanations of how they work.
Some alternative remedies offer variations of diabetic diets.
Alternative representations let choose the users their own level of abstraction .
Alternative requests take too long to arrive at the resident's room.
Alternative resources compete with focal plant flowers for pollination.
Alternative restoration plans Restoration efforts are underway in the Kissimmee River.
Alternative Risk Funding Alternative risk funding insurance is a method of self-insurance.
Alternative rock is back on local radio.
Alternative Rock is really an interesting genre of music.
Alternative rock rounds out the music scene.
Alternative rocks are rock music.
Alternative rocks are rocks.
Alternative Romance takes the art of interacting to new dimensions.
Alternative routes are available.
Alternative routes are determined and practiced.
Alternative routes can also avoid unpleasant or more hectic situations.
Alternative routes do exist for gaining access to higher education.
Alternative rows are open to the plenum chamber and intervening rows to the exhaust section.
Alternative scenarios are more optimistic.
Alternative schedules are more like college schedules.
Alternative school is offered as a choice to the parents.
Alternative schools are expensive to run.
Alternative schools are one effective solution.
Alternative schools are terribly expensive.
Alternative schools are the third way that reformers are being assimilated back into society.
Alternative schools are very happy to answer questions.
Alternative schools believe the study was biased.
Alternative schools charge less money.
Alternative schools help kids succeed.
Alternative schools provide a flexible, individualized atmosphere for at-risk students.
Alternative schools reach only a small number of students in Illinois.
Most alternative schools have the same number of school days as traditional schools.
Some alternative schools are smaller than neighborhood schools.
Alternative selections are available.
Alternative service is longer than military service by a range of between four and six months.
Alternative sessions are available for students with class conflicts.
Alternative sewers are small diameter plastic sewers that are usually pressurized.
Alternative sex is sin.
Alternative shows are available upon request.
Alternative site is also available.
Alternative site is available.
Alternative site is here .
Alternative site Sign up for weekly OK Republican newsletter.
Alternative sites are available for field study, observation and demonstration.
Alternative sites are available.
Alternative sizes are acceptable for regular house league play.
Alternative sizes are acceptable upon approval of the editorial staff.
Alternative Slides Remember.
Alternative software is examined.
Alternative solutions are available.
Alternative solutions are easier for customers to find.
Alternative solutions are unrealistic.
Alternative solutions do exist.
Alternative solutions exist .
Alternative solutions having the same functionality and quality are acceptable.
Some alternative solutions require a robust network, and can be quite difficult to set up.
Alternative sources are available.
Alternative sources being explored include wind and solar power.
Alternative sources require research and development which in turn require funding.
Some alternative sources are just the figurative drop in the bucket.
Alternative spaces are like galleries in that artwork is usually on display.
Alternative specifications abound.
Alternative specimens are safer to collect than blood and less embarrassing than urine.
Alternative spellings abound.
Alternative spikes are far better for the golf facility in general.
Alternative start is to traverse in awkwardly from the left.
Alternative strategies abound.
Alternative strategies are available.
Alternative strategies are costly and wasteful.
Alternative strategies are more successful.
Alternative strategies Have teams design experimental setups for more than one hypothesis.
Alternative strategies involve assumptions about patterns of changing shares.
Alternative structures are possible.
Alternative suggestions are also welcome.
Alternative suggestions are certainly welcome.
Alternative suggestions are that meteors delivered organics.
Alternative suggestions are welcome.
Alternative swingers club A dating service for sexy singles and swinging couples.
Alternative systems are of course developing and the sale of generators is a great business.
Alternative systems lead to alternative construction details.
Alternative systems tend to require much more intervention and more stringent rules.
Alternative systems using wet scrubbing are also available.
Most alternative systems pump water from a nearby pond, stream or well to a storage tank.
Alternative tasks Break up long periods of continuous computer use by performing other tasks.
Alternative techniques are currently under study.
Alternative techniques are simply different ways to accomplish a task.
Alternative techniques use simple tools to offer inexpensive ways to make instrument.
Alternative techniques use simple tools to offer inexpensive ways to make instruments.
Alternative technologies do exist.
Alternative technologies involve the use of liquid crystal devices.
Alternative term is modification.
Alternative test methods produce results.
Alternative tests are also available on a computer.
Alternative testing encompasses many different kinds of accommodations.
Alternative text is important, for a variety of reasons.
Alternative text is used for images and objects.
Alternative theories are equally feasible.
Many alternative therapists disagree.
Some alternative therapists use coffee, herbs, extracts, or enzymes in the solution.
Alternative therapies are also much more focused on prevention.
Alternative therapies are an appropriate first step in the treatment of hemorrhoids.
Alternative therapies are appropriate primary treatment for a new onset of earache.
Alternative therapies are both valid and effective in treating many complaints and ailments.
Alternative therapies are colchicine or steroids.
Alternative therapies are especially helpful in treating hives caused or worsened by stress.
Alternative therapies are mainstream.
Alternative therapies are very popular.
Alternative therapies can have dangerous side effects.
Alternative therapies can help cats with emotionally based skin problems.
Alternative therapies combine proton pump inhibitors with bismuth, metronidazole and tetracycline.
Alternative therapies follow a variety of philosophies.
Alternative therapies have many a guild, A vitalistic center their philosophies yield.
Alternative therapies is a hot topic, with many strongly held opinions on each side.
Alternative therapies refer to treatments that are sometimes promoted as cancer cures.
Alternative therapies support the body's innate ability to balance and self-heal.
Alternative therapies tend to work very slow.
Alternative therapy gives medicinal control back to the individual.
Alternative therapy includes both the use of nutrients and the natural approach to healing.
Alternative therapy is another area.
Alternative therapy offers a creative approach to healing and differs from the usual approach.
Many alternative therapies are relatively benign and there is little risk.
Many alternative therapies can be beneficial when used with standard treatment.
Many alternative therapies rely upon fasting or juicing.
Most alternative therapies have a common theme.
Some alternative therapies can be dangerous .
Some alternative therapies can be dangerous.
Some alternative therapies can interact with certain drugs, and can also have severe side effects.
Some alternative therapies have dangerous or even life-threatening side effects.
Some alternative therapy helps cancer.
Alternative thought is directed to create the bargain.
Alternative timetables are possible, if approved by the Diploma Coordinator.
Alternative titles have the same scenario in electronic resources.
Alternative Tokens Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Alternative topics are acceptable.
Alternative toppings are vegetables and yogurt.
Alternative trade cuts out the middlemen in the export country.
Alternative trade goes far beyond charity.
Alternative transportation is encouraged through an extensive lake trail system.
Alternative transportation means.
Alternative transportation reaches coastal villages, but only on calm days.
Alternative travel is one of the fastest growing, but under-served markets in the travel industry.
Alternative travelers are socially responsible travelers.
Alternative travelers tread lightly and carry a big heart.
Alternative treatment includes acupuncture and osteopathy.
Alternative treatments are drug therapy and surgical correction.
Alternative treatments are embolization or radiation therapy.
Alternative treatments attempt to revascularize the lunate.
Alternative treatments can be effective and cheaper than conventional medicines.
Alternative treatments can be helpful, but they usually require a substantial commitment.
Alternative treatments can set the stage for Western medicines to work.
Alternative treatments consist of other anticonvulsants, mexilitene, tramadol, or topical agents.
Alternative treatments find growing acceptance, including acupuncture, yoga and tai chi.
Alternative treatments have the same potential for side effects as any other product.
Most alternative treatments are untested, but early reports are promising.
Some alternative treatments are also under investigation.
Some alternative treatments can be of great benefit, and few are harmful.
Some alternative treatments involve cleanse livers.
Some alternative treatments involve completely unproven methods with no theoretic or face validity.
Some alternative treatments involve livers.
Some alternative treatments use oil.
Some alternative treatments use vegetable oil.
Some alternative treatments work better than tradional methods.
Alternative trips are much cheaper than traditional spring break getaways.
Alternative TV are brilliant tonight.
Alternative types have no problem with gay bars.
Alternative valuation applies to all of the property in the estate.
Alternative veterinarians recommend raw meat and raw fish in lieu of cooked meat and fish.
Alternative views create discomfort and confusion.
Alternative views give less room for individual choice within the family.
Alternative weeklies go online.
Alternative wood is findable.
Alternative work extends the regular curriculum.
Alternative analyses to determine optimum process equipment selection and piping arrangements.
Alternative can be a love poem.
Alternative covers Thursdays-Sundays.
Alternative is a euphemism for little supportive data.
Alternative is a photo of the task sheet.
Alternative is boredom.
Alternative is good.
Alternative is in here.
Alternative is -inch garden hose with good nozzles.
Alternative is just one word that describes similar things.
Alternative is mainstream now.
Alternative is primary anastomosis.
Alternative is to make a vertical incision in the labial attached gingiva into the mucosa.
Alternative is to treat each episode.
Alternative is to use softwares extracting structure factors without cell constraint.
Alternative isa cognition.
Alternative isa knowledge.
Alternative leads assignment.
Alternative means to achieve objectiive.
Alternative means to achieve objective.
Alternative means to use methods other than verbalization to communicate.
Alternative says calculators hurt.
Alternative suggests a choice between two or more things.
Alternative takes on big news and stories.
Alternative takes on big news stories abound.
Alternatives accepts both court mandated and non-mandated participants.
Alternatives accepts no responsibility for loss or damage during shipment.
Alternatives acquire epistemic value through the capacity to provide something new or different.
Alternatives allow testing of promising strategies.
Alternatives already exist.
Alternatives also produces resources for year-round simpler living.
Alternatives appear in a new or different perspective.
Alternatives are a boarding kennel, or a professional pet sitter.
Alternatives are acceptable if approved in advance.
Alternatives are accreditation organisation, accrediting organisation.
Alternatives are also possible with the pilothouse moved to midship or aft positions.
Alternatives are amoxicillin, ampicillin, doxycycline and tetracycline.
Alternatives are amoxicillin, ampicillin, doxycycline, and tetracycline.
Alternatives are ampicillin, fluoroquinolones, or third-generation cephalosporins.
Alternatives are available and often out-perform old process equipment and chemicals .
Alternatives are available and often out-perform old process equipment and chemicals.
Alternatives are available at no cost.
Alternatives are available between the extremes of independent housing and nursing facilities.
Alternatives are available but mylar is more readily available.
Alternatives are available for experienced users.
Alternatives are available for inexperienced users.
Alternatives are available that save money and cut crime.
Alternatives are available to settle issues of jurisdiction.
Alternatives are available to some core and major requirements.
Alternatives are available.
Alternatives are bicycles, golf carts, the internal bus system or walking.
Alternatives are cleaner and safer.
Alternatives are clear, reasonable, and direct.
Alternatives are clear.
Alternatives are critical to proving the viability of a technology.
Alternatives are desirable.
Alternatives are diclofenac, naproxen, piroxicam, ketorolac, indomethacin and mefenamic acid.
Alternatives are different means of accomplishing the unit goals and objectives.
Alternatives are different than carte blanc.
Alternatives are divalproex, clozapine, olanzapine, gabapentin, lamotrigine and carbamazepine.
Alternatives are essential.
Alternatives are everywhere, it just takes a little dowsing to find each other sometime.
Alternatives are expensive.
Alternatives are few.
Alternatives are fine as long as they sit well in the established framework.
Alternatives are fish, peanut butter, eggs and leguminous beans.
Alternatives are floor mounted recessed units or free standing radiators.
Alternatives are fun and economical to mix.
Alternatives are fun, relaxing and healthy.
Alternatives are geographic locations or areas.
Alternatives are grit, cocco shells, weathered cinders, wood ash or crushed egg shells.
Alternatives are input as potential changes to the baseline conditions.
Alternatives are irrelevant.
Alternatives are less effective and have troublesome side effects, the group says.
Alternatives are limited.
Alternatives are outside their area of expertise.
Alternatives are part of the project.
Alternatives are partial genus or family names which produce candidates.
Alternatives are passports and driver's licenses.
Alternatives are possible.
Alternatives are readily available.
Alternatives are small wooden cubes and sugar cubes.
Alternatives are sparse.
Alternatives are the different options one has to satisfy a want or manage a problem.
Alternatives are the unused connections in the brain.
Alternatives are too expensive or morally unacceptable.
Alternatives are trn, tin and pine .
Alternatives are unlikely to be so close to a roof.
Alternatives are widely available for all animal uses in undergraduate medical education.
Alternatives are, so far, too costly to consider.
Alternatives based on cable networks have an early lead, however.
Alternatives being ignored are cheaper and less environmentally destructive.
Alternatives being investigated include flooding, solarization, and numerous chemical compounds.
Alternatives can be costly, though.
Alternatives can be either other chemicals or the use of non-chemical techniques.
Alternatives can include both different forms of regulation and non-regulatory approaches.
Alternatives Consider alternatives to hazardous solvents.
Alternatives cost less.
Alternatives cost more and took up more space.
Alternatives cost more.
Alternatives Discuss each alternative.
Alternatives do exist, and can be both affordable and effective.
Alternatives do exist, and they are far better.
Alternatives do exist.
Alternatives exist besides simply eliminating education funds.
Alternatives exist but some can be rather expensive.
Alternatives exist for other hazardous chemicals used in manufacturing today.
Alternatives exist in the form of cromolyn, nedocromil and, most recently, anti-leukotriene agents.
Alternatives exist now and many more are possible.
Alternatives exist that are much better for protecting letters and documents.
Alternatives exist that merit our attention.
Alternatives exist to phonological training but they are often inconvenient or unreliable.
Alternatives exist, such as the use of gas.
Alternatives expects to update the listing annually.
Alternatives facilitate pursuits.
Alternatives fail to suffice.
Alternatives form a unit in a different way than multimedia components form a unit.
Alternatives generally require two and three-chip implementations.
Alternatives Give the students their grades right away.
Alternatives Go to another library.
Alternatives has a new web-site.
Alternatives Have a list of alternative career options.
Alternatives have an enormously long shelf-life compared to mainstream comics.
Alternatives have to be developed to tackle it, instead of moving the wastes over distances.
Alternatives have yet to prove cost-competitive.
Alternatives helps young people create projects to produce healthier and safer neighborhoods.
Alternatives Here are some other programs that offer theme management.
Alternatives impact cost.
Alternatives include methods.
Alternatives include removal methods.
Alternatives includes braces that can be bought at surgical supply stores or sport stores.
Alternatives includes guest houses, farm stays, hotels, caravan and camping grounds.
Alternatives is a prevention program designed to help lead youth in a positive direction.
Alternatives is a subgroup of alt.infertility.
Alternatives is an equal opportunity employer.
Alternatives is both a book store and a reading room.
Alternatives is funded by grants, memberships and donations, and sale of resources.
Alternatives is funded by grants, memberships and sales of resources.
Alternatives is funded by grants, memberships, and sales of resources.
Alternatives is funded by grants, sales of resources, memberships and donations.
Alternatives is one of the largest free online libraries for social change.
Alternatives is proud to offer the fine cleaners shown below.
Alternatives is proud to offer the fine condoms shown below.
Alternatives is proud to offer the fine cremes and lotions shown below.
Alternatives keep the public schools on their toes.
Alternatives Make a thick paste with baking soda and a little hot water.
Alternatives never asks about a young person's past, only what they want from their future.
Alternatives occasionally use the kindergarten teachers. . .
Alternatives Offers reform-oriented research reports, articles, and press releases.
Alternatives offers two helpful Christmas Festival and Workshop Guidelines for planning fall events.
Alternatives provides critical and informed analysis of environmental issues.
Alternatives provides free editorial help and support and promotion materials.
Alternatives provides resources for children and adults.
Alternatives range from curbside collection to drop-off centers.
Alternatives range from holding courts martial to doing nothing.
Alternatives reduce the number of cars on the road, and therefore ease congestion.
Alternatives remain hard to come by, though.
Alternatives remains the first woman owned abortion facility in the Bay Area.
Alternatives run the spectrum from in-house systems to outsourced services.
Alternatives runs three fully licensed small group homes.
Alternatives seem many, but they are confused, contradictory, diffuse.
Alternatives Sell out and start over.
Alternatives serves everyone.
Alternatives shift from day to day.
Alternatives supply solar energy and renewable energy systems to Wales and beyond.
Alternatives teach children to be self-disciplined rather than cooperative only because of fear.
Alternatives to solve problems.
Alternatives undoubtedly exist.
Alternatives urges sustainability, gratitude, charitable works and socially responsible investing.
Alternatives Use a custom function to draw the ellipse.
Alternatives using non-invasive procedures measure glucose levels in, for instance, saliva or urine.
An alternative is a process
Alternatives always reflect, in some way, how capitalism itself is organised.
Alternatives usually consist of both symbols and something called terminals.
Alternatives usually involve rear-wheel steering, leaning or both.
All alternatives affect recreation and mining.
All alternatives are feasible.
All alternatives are thinkable.
All alternatives are to be weighed.
Any alternative approaches to dependency are to be welcomed.
Any alternative is a better alternative.
Any alternative is a losing gamble for all sides.
Any alternative is acceptable except dues.
Any alternative is impossible.
Any alternative is infinitely worse.
Any alternative is unthinkable.
Any alternatives described on the plans or in the construction booklet are acceptable.
Every alternative has a cost.
Many alternatives are available from regional airports.
Many alternatives are available.
Many alternatives are consistent with the protocol concepts described above.
Many alternatives are possible.
Many alternatives can help to reduce the cost of assessment.
Many alternatives can work for many applications.
Many alternatives exist for financing shows.
Many alternatives exist for smoothing.
Many alternatives exist in organizing the work of the chapter.
Many alternatives exist to the traditional methods of wastewater collection, treatment and disposal.
Many alternatives exist today, while others are within scientific reach.
Many alternatives exist, including nonchemical controls like beneficial insects.
Many alternatives exist.
More alternatives become available every day.
Most alternatives are also faster and easier to use.
Most alternatives are cheaper.
Most alternatives claim the banner of holism , yet none in themselves is the complete answer.
Most alternatives facilitate pursuits.
Most alternatives have yet to met expectations.
Most alternatives involve dedicated lines between home and office, which is expensive.
Most alternatives offer just one secondary database in a subject or none at all.
Most alternatives require different water management and other cultural practices.
Some alternative termiticides have a strong repellency action to deter foraging termites.
Some alternatives are cheap and simple, and some are trendy and expensive.
Some alternatives are Cocoon , Velocity , and Enhydra .
Some alternatives are cremation, direct burial, and donation of one's body to a medical school.
Some alternatives are possible.
Some alternatives have yet to be tried.
Some Alternatives Presented below are some ideas for alternatives.
Alternatives analysis allows other options to be considered.
Alternatives assessment can make social change seem both desirable and possible.
Alternatives assessment threatens the status quo.
Alternatives technologies are a light in the darkness of a proposed incinerator.
Alternatoid medicine has some disturbing parallels to another unsavory business, tobacco.
Alternator charges both house and starting batteries.
Alternators are a common failure item on cars.
Alternators are generators.
Alternators are optional.
Alternators are part of cars.
Alternators are part of electrical systems.
Alternators can fail gradually, with a bad diode, for example.
Alternators provide energy for the vehicle electrical system.
Alternators use the internal diodes to accomplish the same thing.
An alternator is a generator
Alternators usually have a simpler design and a simpler commutator than generators.
All alternators have an amperage rating.
Every alternator is connected to a batteries set.
Most alternators have a ground strap which is attached to one of the engine case peripheral studs.
Most alternators provide a signal that can be used to indicate how fast the alternator is turning.
Most alternators use a rotating magnetic field with a stationary armature .
Most alternators use a rotating magnetic field with a stationary armature.
Some alternators are easier than others.
Some alternators have floating grounds.
Altheas accept light shade, although they bloom best with some sun.
Altheas also make colorful hedges.
Altheas are mallows.
Altheas quickly engulf shade plants.
An althea is a mallow
Altimeter is prefixed with an A indicating altimeter in inches of mercury.
Altimeter isa measuring device.
Altimeter mounting kit is included to install a altimeter in the payload section.
Altimeters are a good aid when it comes to rainforest navigation or snow covered country.
Altimeters are gauges.
Altimeters can be so sensitive they can even detect the height of buildings.
Altimeters determine a plane's altitude by measuring atmospheric pressure.
Altimeters have (part) sections.
An altimeter is an instrument
Altimetric satellites are usually limited life missions lasting approximately three to ten years.
Altitude illness can spoil a vacation, causing nausea, headache, and difficulty breathing.
Altitude illness feels very much like flu or a hangover, but is much more serious.
Altitude illness is caused by a diminished supply of oxygen at higher elevations.
Altitude illness is caused by lack of oxygen in our thin mountain air.
Altitude illness is usually preventable if ascent is slow.
Altitude regions have snow.
Altitude is elevation
Altitude isa distance.
Altitudes also affect the temperatures.
More altitude simply means more time.
Altitudinal contrasts abound.
Altitudinal migration is common on mountains worldwide, such as in the Himalayas and the Andes .
Altman characters are always threads in the fabric.
Altmar soils have rock fragments dominated by sandstone.
Most alto saxes strain for elegance, and it shows.
Alto stratus is of a gray or blue-grey color and is never white.
Alto has extensive experience developing high-quality courseware.
Altos are located in choirs.
Altos are located in symphonies.
Altos are personal computers.
Altos are pitch.
Altos are products.
Altos are singers.
Altos are used for computation.
Altos get a deep, secret pleasure out of conspiring together to tune the sopranos flat.
Altos get all the great intervals.
Altos just sing alto.
An alto is pitch
Altocumulus clouds appear in many shapes.
Altocumulus clouds appear in the advance of a warm front, preceding the altostratus.
Altocumulus clouds are grayish-white with one part of the cloud darker than the other.
Altocumulus clouds are rounded puffs of cloud larger than cirrocumulus.
Altocumulus clouds are, at least in the main, almost invariably composed of some water droplets.
Altocumulus clouds have white or gray patches or layers, and seem to made up of round shapes.
An altocumulus cloud is cumulus
Some altocumulus clouds have bases.
Some altocumulus clouds indicate development.
Some altocumulus clouds produce coronae.
Altocumulus isa cumulus.
Some altocumuluses contain crystal.
Some altocumuluses contain ice crystal.
Altostratus clouds are common in the advance of a warm front, preceding the nimbostratus.
Altostratus clouds are higher than stratus clouds.
Altostratus clouds are middle level clouds.
Altostratus clouds form the highest layer.
Altostratus clouds form when a front of warm, moist air meets a body of cold, dry air.
An altostratus cloud is a stratus cloud
Some altostratus clouds have appearances.
Altostratus are large mid-level thin grey or blue coloured clouds.
Altostratus consists of supercooled droplets or ice crystals.
Altostratus isa stratus.
Altough lichens are very good usable as air pollution detector, they have less economical value.
Altricial chicks are brooded by female when weather is bad, and they are fed by both parents.
Altricial chicks are tended and brooded by female the first ten days.
Altricial eggs are smaller with less yolk.
Altruism based on kin selection is the enemy of civilization.
Altruism breeds sympathy for criminals.
Altruism can only provide a shelter.
Altruism carries with it an acceptance of and respect for all people.
Altruism deepens the process and brings it to fruition.
Altruism develops after childhood.
Altruism dominates the collectivist mind.
Altruism drives campuses to improve community conditions, but self-interest also motivates many.
Altruism gets tricky, though, when more than one family is involved.
Altruism has a fitness cost for the benefactor and a fitness benefit to the recipient.
Altruism implies an indiference to one's own interests, and perhaps self-sacrifice as well.
Altruism involves acting to help another.
Altruism involves little individual cost.
Altruism is a characteristic kin groups.
Altruism is a good sign.
Altruism is a healing act.
Altruism is a possible response to great threatening challenges.
Altruism is a reward for dedicated personnel who are committed to their organization's success.
Altruism is a superior value to egoism, when they conflict.
Altruism is a tool of demagogues seeking power, based on bribery and corruption.
Altruism is a virtue.
Altruism is alive and well.
Altruism is an adult concept.
Altruism is an exalted human feeling, and what generates it is love.
Altruism is an example of behaviour that expresses inclusive fitness.
Altruism is an illusion.
Altruism is an integral part of self-development.
Altruism is an invalid code of morality because it is destructive toward human life.
Altruism is an unselfish devotion to the welfare of others.
Altruism is anathema to the feline nature, however.
Altruism is beautiful.
Altruism is both selfless and a fractalian activity.
Altruism is built on a system of contradictions.
Altruism is cooperative behavior.
Altruism is defined as behavior that is intended to help another without expectation of reward.
Altruism is essential to the Sikh religion.
Altruism is generosity
Altruism is inbom, and the rudiments of empathy are apparent even in a newborn.
Altruism is incompatible with any defense of capitalism and only inspires attacks against it.
Altruism is incompatible with freedom, with capitalism and with individual rights.
Altruism is inescapably a meddling in the lives of other people.
Altruism is intellectually nonrespectable because it is contrary to purpose.
Altruism is just some sanctimonious way of praising oneself for charitable acts.
Altruism is often a mystery, with one animal sacrificing itself for others.
Altruism is one, Good Samaritan laws are a related example.
Altruism is only one of several mechanisms that can evolve to increase the fitness of groups.
Altruism is part of our nature - our animal nature.
Altruism is regard for and dedication to the welfare of others.
Altruism is seen as just another form of enlightened self interest.
Altruism is seen by most people as very desirable.
Altruism is simply the concern for other human beings.
Altruism is the end for one's egoism.
Altruism is the giving of oneself for the betterment or well-being of another.
Altruism is the mark of a superior being.
Altruism is the supreme characteristic of a true Theosophist.
Altruism is the unselfish concern for or devotion to the welfare of others.
Altruism is the unselfish regard for or devotion to the welfare of others.
Altruism is the way to go.
Altruism is truly a path to healing.
Altruism leads to grouchiness and resentment.
Altruism lifts the mundane execution of the mission to a higher plane.
Altruism means personally paying for the privilege of enriching a total stranger.
Altruism means sacrificing oneself for others.
Altruism needs to be mutual.
Altruism poses a major problem for a theory of evolution based on natural selection.
Altruism Puts the patient's needs first.
Altruism requires self-nullification.
Altruism sees each individual as the means to the ends of others.
Altruism still brings a sense of well being.
Altruism often plays just a minor role in the movement.
Altruist rationalists seek the common good, probably along utilitarian lines.
Altruists easily imagine what it's like to be in another's shoes.
Altruists oppose both.
An altruist is a donor
Altruistic actions help people make something positive from their pain.
Altruistic behavior is an action designed to help someone in distress.
Altruistic behavior occurs when both individuals benefit from the behavior.
Altruistic behaviour creates very low stress.
Altruistic fantasy is in the air.
Altruistic individuals increase other individuals' fitness at the expense of their own fitness.
Altruistic lives demonstrate that morality is a matter of courage, commitment, and character.
Altruistic love is a giving type of love.
Altruistic motivation can underwrite evil.
Altruistic motives can and often do accompany profit motives.
Altrusa members welcome interested individuals to attend a club meeting.
Altuda soils are dry in the soil moisture control section for slightly longer periods of time.
AlulA grows somewhere in the tangle that is our current culture of wires and anxieties.
An alula is a scale
Alum coagulation can remove both true color and apparent color.
Alum coagulation can remove neither true color nor apparent color.
Alum crystals have an octahedral formation.
Alum flocculation is superior to that of calcium chloride.
Alums also have the option to limit the number of contacts they wish to receive each academic year.
Alums also receive discount subscriptions to a bi-monthly search bulletin.
Alums are a special kind of double salt.
Alums are aluminum.
Alums are ambassadors for the college in the community.
Alums are astringents.
Alums are double sulfates, containing two different metals and two sulfate radicals.
Alums are hopeful for the future.
Alums are the ones who really want beer in the stadium.
Alums are the primary contributors to the booklet.
Alums are welcome to test their skills.
Alums are welcome.
Alums can fax or send essays for critique.
Alums generally agree that commencement is for students and their families.
Alums have interlibrary loan service through their local public libraries.
Alums have their own section where plans are being made for reunions and events.
Alums hold or have held numerous prominent positions in educational work.
Alums like to meet with students.
Alums make a difference with students.
Alums now make the house their first stop on returning to campus.
Alums provide seminars on work experiences, career skills, and the job search.
Alums recall the student lounge with particular fondness.
Alums tell boys of career choices So . . .
An alum is medicine
Alums frequently return, and also try to stay in contact by e-mail, snail mail, and phone.
All alums are welcome to participate in any committee meeting or event.
All alums eventually come home . . .
Many alums find periodic refresher visits worthwhile.
Some alums come for informational purposes and have no authority to hire or even talk about hiring.
Some alums own up to less defensible diversions, however.
Some alums work in advertising and public relations.
Some alums work through their local clubs to sign up for college fairs and local receptions.
Alumina also removes arsenic very effectively.
Alumina is extracted from bauxite for the production of aluminium.
Alumina is found in greatest concentration in a reddish earth called bauxite.
Alumina is mined or precipitated aluminum oxide and hydroxide.
Alumina is the raw material used to make aluminum ingot.
An alumina is a mineral
Aluminate isa compound.
Aluminim phosphate is used as an adjuvant to which the virus and bacteria is adsorbed to.
Aluminium alloy conductors have conductors.
Aluminium extrusions dies.
Aluminium conducts electricity.
Aluminium conducts heat.
Aluminium has (part) atoms.
Aluminium is chemical elements.
Aluminium is light.
Aluminium is metal
Aluminium isa metal.
Aluminiums occur in various degrees of purity.
All aluminium is extremely lightweight.
Most aluminium conducts electricity.
Most aluminium conducts heat.
Some aluminium engines one takea day of driving to completely cut over.
Aluminized fabric deters thrips from entering greenhouses.
Aluminized steel is by far the most common case material.
Aluminized wire is protected and warranted against rust for thirty years.
Aluminized wire is warranted against rust for thirty years.
Aluminum alloy is the primary material for the exterior skin on modern aircraft.
Aluminum alloy offers very high mechanical features and is perfectly adapted to making spokes.
Aluminum alloy wear resistance during ball on disk test.
Aluminum alloys appear to be the most promising of the lighter materials available.
Aluminum alloys are generally difficult to weld on earth, requiring special procedures.
Aluminum alloys are the current metal of choice for interconnects.
Aluminum alloys are the second largest group of alloys produced.
Most aluminum alloys are acceptable for all zones for use in food equipment.
Some aluminum alloys exhibit hot short tendencies and are crack sensitive.
Aluminum bats are durable but can develop dents with repeated use.
Aluminum bats are lighter with a larger hitting area.
Aluminum bats are now far lighter to swing than wood and the ball flies off faster.
Aluminum bats are quite different than wooden ones.
Aluminum bats are virtually indestructible.
Aluminum bikes use tubes.
Aluminum cans are a good example.
Aluminum cans are a ready source of brightly colored material.
Aluminum cans are just one example of how important recycling is.
Aluminum cans are non-existent, and all bottles are recycled.
Aluminum cans are o.k.
Aluminum cans are relatively new to Brazil.
Aluminum cans are the premiere example of a recyclable waste.
Aluminum cans are the second most wasted resource in the campground and boat launch dumpsters.
Aluminum cans are to be disposed of in the yellow recycling bins.
Aluminum cans continue to be consumers' most preferred beverage package.
Aluminum cans decay very slowly, even in humid climates.
Aluminum cans have tremendous value.
Most aluminum components come anodized black standard.
Aluminum conductors corrode when in contact with earth.
Aluminum foil facing serves both as a vapor retarder and a radiant barrier.
Aluminum foil has low mass.
Aluminum foil has mass.
Aluminum foil helps to keep warm foods warm and comes in handy for a quick clean-up of the grill.
Aluminum foil is a great freezer wrap as are heavy plastic freezer bags.
Aluminum foil is aluminum.
Aluminum foil is available in a local market.
Aluminum foil is consumable products.
Aluminum foil is foil
Aluminum foil is foil.
Aluminum foil is lighter in weight and is quite effective also.
Aluminum foil is located in trash.
Aluminum foil is probably the most convenient accessory of all.
Aluminum foil is required for the experiments on electricity, and a magnet.
Aluminum foil is the camp cook's friend.
Aluminum foil is the easiest to use.
Aluminum foil is the most effective material for blocking radiant heat, especially from the sun.
Aluminum foil is used as a wrapping material.
Aluminum foil is used because it is light so it moves even with small electrostatic forces.
Aluminum foil is useful to wrap the fish to cook over hot embers.
Aluminum foil makes a lovely hat and it keeps out the governments mind control rays.
Aluminum foil makes an excellent cover for any mold.
Aluminum foil provides an affordable supply of aluminum.
Aluminum foil reflects sunlight and keeps soil cool.
Aluminum foil Take heavy duty foil to be used for cooking and signalling.
Aluminum foils are one common material.
Most aluminum foil has low mass.
Most aluminum foil has mass.
Aluminum nitride can substitute for beryllium oxide in some applications.
Aluminum oxide can withstand temperatures far higher than jet engine exhausts.
Aluminum oxide is a mineral
Aluminum oxides are an ubiquitous part of modern technology.
Aluminum powder is made of pure aluminum.
Aluminum powder is the preferred fuel.
Aluminum powder is used in paints.
Aluminum processing demands massive amounts of electricity.
Aluminum recycling is a national success story.
Aluminum siding comes in two basic types.
Aluminum siding covers the walls to create a mirrored effect.
Aluminum smelters provide relatively few jobs and ship their product raw out of the region.
Aluminum soda contains water.
Most aluminum soda contains water.
Aluminum sulfate is added as a coagulant to help make suspended solids larger to help filtration.
Aluminum sulfate is added to help the solids bind together for later removal.
Aluminum sulfate is added to the contents of the tank for coagulation and flocculation to occur.
Aluminum sulfate is inorganic compounds.
Aluminum sulfate is ionic compounds.
Aluminum sulfate is salt.
Aluminum sulfate is used in water purification.
Aluminum sulfate is water soluble and can be applied on soil and watered in.
Aluminum toxicity can also cause an anemia in hemodialysis patients.
Aluminum toxicity restricts root growth and phosphorous uptake.
Aluminum wire has conductivity.
Most aluminum wire has conductivity.
Aluminum wiring is a potential fire hazard.
Aluminum wirings are light-weight and flexible which makes it effective for power distribution.
Aluminum accounts for about three quarters of the materials used in making aircraft.
Aluminum blades with wooden handles.
Aluminum cans Non-magnetic metal food and beverage cans.
Aluminum causes dialysis dementia but the neuropathology was very different.
Aluminum competes with materials such as steel, plastic and glass in the packaging market.
Aluminum concentrates as it goes up the food chain.
Aluminum containing antacids can cause constipation.
Aluminum contains aluminum.
Aluminum contains elements.
Aluminum costs about three times as much as steel.
Aluminum costs more than steel, and the price has been rising.
Aluminum damages the root hairs and reduces the uptake of phosphorus and other nutrients.
Aluminum deals with focusing and memory, and zinc deals with behavior.
Aluminum die cast construction.
Aluminum die cast handle, hard rubber insert, thumb disc for one handed opening.
Aluminum die cast scope body.
Aluminum die casting.
Aluminum die castings provide for a rugged camera that is resistant to vibration.
Aluminum die castings.
Aluminum disperses heat far better than a standard brass and tin radiator.
Aluminum expands and contracts more than copper.
Aluminum finishes back.
Aluminum fins on the outside of the tube alter the energy flow patterns.
Aluminum forms a very thin insulating oxide layer.
Aluminum handle with clip.
Aluminum handle with stainless steel cutting blade.
Aluminum has (part) atoms.
Aluminum has break strength.
Aluminum has density.
Aluminum has low density.
Aluminum has lower density.
Aluminum has strength.
Aluminum has yield strength.
Aluminum heats up quicker than steel in a standard convection oven.
Aluminum imprinting plates are available in white, gold or black.
Aluminum induces calcium loss and inhibits the absorption of fluoride.
Aluminum inhibits erythropoiesis in vitro.
Aluminum inhibits root growth and uptake of water and nutrients.
Aluminum is elements.
Aluminum is gray.
Aluminum is light weight.
Aluminum is materials.
Aluminum is metal
Aluminum is metal.
Aluminum is metallic elements.
Aluminum isa metal.
Aluminum lasts forever and foil in campfires is the most common sin of backpackers.
Aluminum lids from bottles and jars.
Aluminum loves to contract when the temperature drops.
Aluminum measuring spoons work well.
Aluminum permits designs that are lighter, more open, more rugged, and easier to balance.
Aluminum produce sound x-ray quality welds.
Aluminum reacts with carboplatin causing a precipitate.
Aluminum spars and ribs.
Aluminum tears easily when stretched, during the stamping of complex shapes.
Aluminum tends to discolor and corrode.
Aluminum travels to a flattening machine and is then blown into a bin by a vacuum.
Aluminum works great.
Aluminum yields a cone that is superbly strong, yet remarkably light.
All aluminum has a high-quality polymer finish to protect surfaces from oxidation.
All aluminum is subjected to hardness testing before any machining is done.
All aluminum winches, no shower or forward water tank, and a faired keel.
More aluminum goes into beverage cans than any other product .
Most aluminum contains aluminum.
Most aluminum contains elements.
Most aluminum has density.
Most aluminum has low density.
Most aluminum has lower density.
Most aluminum has strength.
Some aluminum has conductivity.
Some aluminum has lower conductivity.
Some aluminum increases calcium excretion.
Some aluminum increases excretion.
Some aluminum increases urinary calcium excretion.
Some aluminum increases urinary excretion.
Some aluminum is manufactured to be more rigid given the same thickness.
All alumnae are welcome and encouraged to attend reunion each year.
All alumnae are welcome to attend.
Many alumnae fondly remember walking to the kicking tree.
Many alumnae remember the busy days around the boathouse.
Some alumnae discuss their careers.
Alumni association is formed.
Alumni associations are a very good resource.
Alumni associations are also good sources of links to member home pages.
Alumni associations encourage involvement by their members.
Alumni associations foster alumni-student exchange and involvement.
Alumni clubs are a key part of our outreach to alumni.
Alumni clubs are always ready to welcome new members and volunteers.
Alumni clubs are at the heart of the alumni network.
Alumni clubs provide opportunities for networking, life-long learning and socializing.
Every alumni club is listed on the Web site, as well as the club president's contact information.
Many alumni clubs have information and an events calendar online .
Alumni involvement varies greatly.
Alumni magazine is online.
Alumni participation improves how other foundations view the school.
Alumni participation involves meet and greet with counselors after presentation.
Alumni abroad live in Japan, Canada, Germany, England, Saudi Arabia, and many other nations.
Alumni account holders can print for the same fee that current students pay.
Alumni act as advisors to the officers and general chapter members.
Alumni act as advisors.
Alumni act as mentors and can help make important connections in the business world.
Alumni act as mentors, and can help to make important connections in the business world.
Alumni Add a message to the alumni bulletin board .
Alumni administers all reunion associated activities and alumni related clubs.
Alumni advise new students and offer management consulting projects in their companies.
Alumni advise the program and assist with the students' summer volunteer work.
Alumni allows for searches of alumna and alumnus.
Alumni also aid in recruitment activities and job placement for undergraduates.
Alumni also are a rich source of information about job openings at their companies.
Alumni also are active in giving lectures and sharing insights in the classroom.
Alumni also assist with weekend recreation and leisure activities.
Alumni also cite the small class sizes, close faculty connections and location as pluses.
Alumni also donate money to the student organizations to purchase canned foods.
Alumni also donate.
Alumni also enjoy the benefits of the same career related services upon request.
Alumni also get the chance to give back to the university as volunteers and mentors.
Alumni also have an open invitation to all sporting events.
Alumni also have limited access to electronic information resources and other services.
Alumni also have the ability to post and edit resumes.
Alumni also have the option of uploading a photo.
Alumni also help acquire internships for students and host an annual spring fund-raising event.
Alumni also help spread the word about the site's existence to friends and family.
Alumni also help the program by soliciting corporate money to supplement the state dollars.
Alumni also hold top executive positions in industry and government.
Alumni also interview current students for jobs.
Alumni also love the opportunity to meet students and see what they are interested in.
Alumni also receive various mailings promoting special activities throughout the year.
Alumni also refers to a group of men or a group of women who attended a school.
Alumni also refers to groups of men and women.
Alumni also return to lecture, conduct workshops, and share their knowledge with Mount students.
Alumni also serve as artists, writers, and homemakers.
Alumni also serve as role models for clients.
Alumni also share their experiences in campus seminars and workshops.
Alumni apparently share such sentiments.
Alumni appreciate the attention, and many do want to help their alma mater.
Alumni are a key component of the corporate recruiting effort.
Alumni are a major factor in building pride.
Alumni are a tremendous source of resources, especially financially.
Alumni are a valuable resource for experiential opportunities.
Alumni are a very under-utilized resource for new grads.
Alumni are a wonderful resource.
Alumni are able to add their name to an on-line database.
Alumni are able to get help in that area for years after they have left the program.
Alumni are also a great source.
Alumni are also active in providing advice and feedback.
Alumni are also an important link.
Alumni are also concerned about the direction of their alma mater.
Alumni are also eligible for accounts.
Alumni are also excellent resources when searching for speakers, project ideas and job contracts.
Alumni are also involved in career networking, career mentoring and student recruitment activities.
Alumni are also prone to feel taken for granted by the school.
Alumni are also welcome to attend the various Career Days sponsored throughout the academic year.
Alumni are also welcome to participate in the active program.
Alumni are also welcome to use the sailboats and take sailing lessons as a discounted rate.
Alumni are also welcome to utilize the program.
Alumni are also welcome.
Alumni are also wonderful resources of information.
Alumni are always amazed at their numbers in the Atlanta area.
Alumni are always enthusiastic and happy to see the speakers from campus.
Alumni are always good.
Alumni are always welcome at school productions and it s a wonderful way to spend a couple of hours.
Alumni are always welcome on campus.
Alumni are always welcome to attend CDC group workshops .
Alumni are always welcome to attend.
Alumni are always welcome to join in on events that the chapter is running.
Alumni are always welcome to visit.
Alumni are always welcome.
Alumni are ambassadors of Trent, representing the university world wide.
Alumni are among the best advocates for schools.
Alumni are an excellent networking resource for students seeking jobs.
Alumni are an important and integral part of our community.
Alumni are an important part of the university community.
Alumni are an important resource for jobs.
Alumni are an integral part of most private college and university communities.
Alumni are available internationally to help students once they graduate.
Alumni are caterers, food stylists, journalists, cookbook authors and teachers.
Alumni are critical factors in our success.
Alumni are critical to a strong academic institution.
Alumni are current and former members of the student and staff community.
Alumni are eligible for a maximum of three career counseling appointments per calendar year.
Alumni are eligible for all services for a fee.
Alumni are eligible for an extensive array of career services.
Alumni are eligible for career counseling and testing services only.
Alumni are eligible for discounts and series subscriptions are available for even greater savings.
Alumni are eligible for only one prize per calendar year.
Alumni are eligible if they have been graduated with honors or have received a graduate degree.
Alumni are eligible to participate.
Alumni are eligible to use the career services for a modest fee.
Alumni are enthusiastic about SIPA preparation.
Alumni are equally a source of pride.
Alumni are evaluating events in their distant pasts, so comments are likely to be colored and vague.
Alumni are exempt from any donation requirement.
Alumni are extensively involved in externship and career placement opportunities.
Alumni are forever.
Alumni are frequent visitors.
Alumni are generally happy to hear from the students.
Alumni are happy.
Alumni are heavy users of the modem pool - heavier than students.
Alumni are important to the continued success of a college.
Alumni are in the truest sense the measure of a university.
Alumni are in the world in major corporate, government and academic institutions.
Alumni are increasingly active in the profession and the program.
Alumni are keenly interested in the spiritual life on campus.
Alumni are key to the maintainance of a loved and respected educational institution.
Alumni are members that are no longer full-time students.
Alumni are more apt to volunteer to help on committees and advisory boards.
Alumni are more likely to pick up the phone or use e-mail.
Alumni are most often very willing to share information about their backgrounds.
Alumni are often eager to support the univer sity both financially and emotionally.
Alumni are often the speakers.
Alumni are our best advertising.
Alumni are our best ambassadors.
Alumni are our best potential storytellers.
Alumni are our diplomats.
Alumni are our eyes and ears to the outside world.
Alumni are our future.
Alumni are our past.
Alumni are our present.
Alumni are part of a lifelong members-only club.
Alumni are partners in programming, support of special intitiatives, and reunions.
Alumni are people who put a Western education to work for themselves.
Alumni are potential employers.
Alumni are quick to recall the personal influence of a faculty advisor or instructor.
Alumni are responsible for arranging hands-on or observational experiences for students.
Alumni are responsible for their spelling and grammar.
Alumni are responsible for updating their own files.
Alumni are role models for existing students and other professionals .
Alumni are strong and loyal recruiters each year.
Alumni are students who have completed six courses.
Alumni are subject to overdue fines and lost materials charges.
Alumni are teachers, physicians, lawyers, and business leaders who choose to remain in Dayton.
Alumni are the backbone of fraternities and sororities.
Alumni are the backbone of sororities and fraternities.
Alumni are the first vanguard of support for any college or university.
Alumni are the lifeblood of any college or university.
Alumni are the most influential in our success, but it is branching out.
Alumni are to make their own hotel and ticket arrangements.
Alumni are usually glad to advise students at their alma maters.
Alumni are versatile, and their many talents and skills are reflected in their volunteering.
Alumni are very eager to hear what is happening on campus now.
Alumni are very enthusiastic about being in touch with other alumni around the country.
Alumni are very important to any organization.
Alumni are very welcome.
Alumni are welcome and often participate.
Alumni are welcome as well as other chapters around the Bay Area.
Alumni are welcome on all undergraduate projects, space permitting.
Alumni are welcome to all events.
Alumni are welcome to also use the resources on the campus as well.
Alumni are welcome to attend all events in any location - no reservation is required.
Alumni are welcome to attend day and evening sessions.
Alumni are welcome to attend the lecture.
Alumni are welcome to become members.
Alumni are welcome to contact faculty with particular expertise.
Alumni are welcome to go to both sessions.
Alumni are welcome to invite others.
Alumni are welcome to leave a message of favorite memories or activities.
Alumni are welcome to order tiles at any time.
Alumni are welcome to reaudition for membership in the company upon graduation.
Alumni are welcome to relay any additional insights about our chapter history to the webmaster .
Alumni are welcome to send in their creative writing for the upcoming edition.
Alumni are welcome to subscribe.
Alumni are welcome to visit and learn about the latest information about classmates and reunions.
Alumni are welcome to visit their former classrooms and teachers during the day.
Alumni are welcome.
Alumni assist in recruiting activities.
Alumni assist with finances, service, and resources.
Alumni assist with orientation and mentoring activities.
Alumni attend our events for all kinds of reasons.
Alumni begin their tour.
Alumni begin to send in more lively photos of their activities.
Alumni benefit from the networking system that is established through recruiting activities.
Alumni borrower card applications are available at the O'Neill Library Circulation Desk.
Alumni bring knowledge of the workplace.
Alumni build the foundation of the four pillars of a Chapman education.
Alumni call fellow alumni to foster good relations with their alma mater.
Alumni call it pride.
Alumni can access the site to publicize jobs, offer mentoring, or seek employment.
Alumni can advertise their business to other alumni.
Alumni can also access their e-mail account as a POP account from a central computer.
Alumni can also be a valuable resource.
Alumni can also be valuable resources.
Alumni can also enter or edit their personal profile online.
Alumni can also file their resumes, research companies and network with other professionals.
Alumni can also find helpful hints for writing resumes and cover letters on-line .
Alumni can also obtain assistance for job searches.
Alumni can also opt out of the program at any time.
Alumni can also participate in a number of programs, which are listed here.
Alumni can also provide students with externships and internships.
Alumni can also receive job postings through e-mail.
Alumni can also reflect on the knowledge and skills gained in the program of study.
Alumni can also set up a file for letters of recommendation.
Alumni can also sometimes provide housing during the interview visit.
Alumni can also take advantage of a number of other activities on campus during the weekend.
Alumni can also update their own listing online.
Alumni can also volunteer time to serve as participants in focus groups.
Alumni can answer questions about classes, campus life, Greek life, professors, and future careers.
Alumni can apply for a card.
Alumni can apply for the scholarships within two years of graduating.
Alumni can attend campus workshops related to career information. .
Alumni can be an excellent resource for employment.
Alumni can be an important link to career opportunities and relocation after graduation.
Alumni can be an incredibly valuable resource for students.
Alumni can be enormously helpful as well.
Alumni can be helpful in setting up service learning opportunities as well as internships.
Alumni can be one of the best sources of providing student referrals.
Alumni can be proud of the careful management and strong performance of endowment funds.
Alumni can be proud of the progress the college has made in recent years.
Alumni can call the school at any time to be issued a new password.
Alumni can call, fax, or e-mail requests for updated alumni addresses.
Alumni can change their address through the on-line community.
Alumni can check and update all of their information online.
Alumni can choose to join through annual membership of lifetime membership .
Alumni can choose whether to have directory type of information published.
Alumni can combine both sets of books, saving the new firm time and money.
Alumni can contact employers directly.
Alumni can contact the webmaster to be added to the list.
Alumni can control what personal data they wish to make available.
Alumni can direct their gifts to any area of the unive rsity.
Alumni can drink alcohol at football games.
Alumni can drop in at their convenience.
Alumni can easily update their pages online.
Alumni can enrol on any elective where there is space.
Alumni can expect to receive the full results of the survey in the coming weeks.
Alumni can find emails of their old classmates and get back in touch.
Alumni can find information such as activities, volunteer opportunities and campus news and sports.
Alumni can find out more about continuing education.
Alumni can find the location of old classmates.
Alumni can forego the sample.
Alumni can fulfill pledges on-line.
Alumni can gain access to available full-time career opportunities.
Alumni can have their resume edited by a career counselor.
Alumni can have two-year accounts on moose upon request.
Alumni can help drive the vans that carry students to their volunteer positions.
Alumni can help keep the plan vital by checking in from time to time.
Alumni can help students understand what electrical and computer engineers do.
Alumni can help to do all the same things listed above.
Alumni can include their photo in their profile.
Alumni can indulge in free mugs of hot chocolate and coffee.
Alumni can influence crucial decisions.
Alumni can join a committee in their area or start one up where none exists.
Alumni can just connect to the home page and fill out a change of address form.
Alumni can keep their classmates informed by posting personal and professional accomplishments.
Alumni can list it after the work experience section.
Alumni can make a contribution by check or credit card over the phone.
Alumni can make online pledges by going here .
Alumni can make tangible differences in the education and future of students.
Alumni can now access transcripts online using hoyasonline login.
Alumni can now go online to do their shopping from the campus store.
Alumni can now pay their dues online.
Alumni can now update their own personal information with username and password .
Alumni can occasionally help a brother get a job.
Alumni can offer students an opportunity that can shape their career decisions.
Alumni can often benefit from good deals with ISPs.
Alumni can participate in intramural sports and the aerobics program.
Alumni can play a huge part in helping build the chapter, just by being involved with men here.
Alumni can play a vital and meaningful role in shaping the future of their college or school.
Alumni can post and edit their own profiles or search others.
Alumni can post and edit their profiles.
Alumni can post messages and find old friends.
Alumni can post their names and find info about their school.
Alumni can provide a sobering portrait of moderation to students.
Alumni can provide an invaluable perspective to potential student interns.
Alumni can provide career guidance, job references and placement assistance.
Alumni can provide networking assistance.
Alumni can provide students important knowledge by sharing their experiences.
Alumni can raise money.
Alumni can receive an overview of facilities and program.
Alumni can receive information on how to subscribe to job vacancy bulletins.
Alumni can recommend potential students and help with funding priorities.
Alumni can register electronically to obtain an alumni card, or update their address.
Alumni can register here .
Alumni can register online.
Alumni can register to become corporate contacts for the department.
Alumni can register with the site to gain access to a searchable database of former members.
Alumni can request a registration number online .
Alumni can request information such as transcripts or class rosters, among other services available.
Alumni can revisit the campus for fond memories.
Alumni can serve as important role models to chapter leaders and members.
Alumni can share their success with others.
Alumni can show their alumni card.
Alumni can stay in touch when they have gone off to new adventures.
Alumni can stay in touch with their alma mater.
Alumni can stay permanently in touch with lifetime e-mail services.
Alumni can submit a letter of nomination without the form.
Alumni can submit articles to be shared with the rest of the alumni.
Alumni can submit their registration information by mail.
Alumni can subscribe to the list by e-mailing the information below.
Alumni can support the school they attended.
Alumni can support young alumni events through participation and recruitment.
Alumni can take advantage of the following services on a space-available basis.
Alumni can take the online course for free.
Alumni can use their E-mail For Life accounts in three fashions.
Alumni can utilize our services as long as they maintain current files.
Alumni can visit the college web page for updated reunion information.
Alumni candidly discuss the problems in as well as satisfaction gained from their work.
Alumni carry on the ideals and traditions of our university.
Alumni certainly desire communication.
Alumni charges one point for origination and no discount points.
Alumni check here for related information about upcoming events, fundraisers, and more.
Alumni choose a school in or near their hometown.
Alumni click here for more information on the club's first reunion.
Alumni come back to campus on a regular basis to discuss different career options.
Alumni come down and take time out of their busy schedules to visit.
Alumni complete a special form to be included.
Alumni constitute a core spectator group for many collegiate athletic programs.
Alumni continue their college friendships well after graduation.
Alumni continue to attend important team meets.
Alumni continue to be a major asset in finding quality applicants.
Alumni continue to be invited to our twice-monthly seminars, alumni programs, etc.
Alumni continue to support the school with scholarships and educational contributions.
Alumni control the release of their contact information.
Alumni currently working for the organization are a good start.
Alumni determine what kind of time commitment they are willing to make.
Alumni develop a mutually beneficial lifetime relationship with the school.
Alumni do reach out to mentor recent graduates.
Alumni earn fun money for the night.
Alumni electing to practice primary care can choose from a wide variety of job offerings.
Alumni email forwarding acounts.
Alumni enjoy a morning tour and afternoon of short courses.
Alumni enjoy a special program including tours of the ever-changing campus.
Alumni enjoy a two-hour tour of the monuments, a delicious brunch, and great jazz music.
Alumni enjoy dinner after long day of work.
Alumni enjoy lunch with DVFS faculty and current students.
Alumni enjoy the New York celebration.
Alumni enjoy the reception following a Hooding ceremony.
Alumni enrolling in a graduate program are eligible.
Alumni enter jobs or graduate school.
Alumni enter their bids by filling in their name, address, email addresses and bid amount.
Alumni enter their responses by clicking on boxes displayed on the web page.
Alumni find extraordinary success in the competitive music world.
Alumni Find long-lost high school and college friends.
Alumni Find out where alumni from individual schools or with similar interests congregate.
Alumni find positions in a variety of public and private sectors of the economy.
Alumni find they are qualified for employment in all types of construction.
Alumni follow the same check-out procedures as students, as oulined above.
Alumni Following is contact information for alumni of the department.
Alumni forge a particularly strong bond with their hostel.
Alumni Form Please provide as much infomation as possible.
Alumni fund with on-line pledge form, case, and giving statistics.
Alumni gain automatic admission to take classes and can earn an additional degree or minor.
Alumni generally use cash, credit cards or securities to make their annual gifts.
Alumni generally use checks, credit cards or securities to make their annual gifts.
Alumni Get alumni information here.
Alumni get an especially good rate.
Alumni get together in New York City.
Alumni give money.
Alumni give to help their alma mater.
Alumni giving is a crucial factor when foundations are making their funding choices.
Alumni giving is a habit that is hard to establish, and easy to break.
Alumni giving often influences corporate giving decisions.
Alumni giving rate is a proxy for alumni satisfaction.
Alumni go on to careers in private practice, teaching, and research.
Alumni gravitate to it annually.
Alumni has one big table to align the columns.
Alumni have a blast in the VIP section.
Alumni have a broad range of career field interests.
Alumni have a special awareness and linkage with the college.
Alumni have a strong, often sentimental, allegiance to what exists.
Alumni have a vested interest in the adoption of graphic identity standards.
Alumni have access to the same services as current students.
Alumni have access to workshops and certain career services.
Alumni have an important role in providing input to school policy.
Alumni have an interest in accessing library resources.
Alumni have an opportunity to meet former classmates.
Alumni have an opportunity to network with faculty, students, and each other.
Alumni have and continue to serve as trustees of the college.
Alumni have complete control over what, if any, information appears in the directory.
Alumni have complete control over whether their contact information appears in the online directory.
Alumni have families.
Alumni have first choice for all of Overland's trips.
Alumni have free access to the school's network.
Alumni have lifetime borrowing privileges.
Alumni have lifetime privileges.
Alumni have many opportunities to connect with each other and with the college.
Alumni have no shortage of elevator stories.
Alumni have preference for placement.
Alumni have preference.
Alumni have special password protected access and privileges in a special section in the web-page.
Alumni have the opportunity to hear local or national leaders speak to the topic of leadership.
Alumni have the opportunity to meet the current chair of the department and faculty.
Alumni have the opportunity to participate in the state citizen police academy organization.
Alumni have the opportunity to post their email address on our web page.
Alumni have the opportunity to serve on alumni board committees.
Alumni have the perspective of post-degree experience.
Alumni have their own Visitor's Book.
Alumni have two options for online learning.
Alumni have yet to be added.
Alumni helping alumni-that's what it's all about.
Alumni hold positions of leadership and influence throughout the world.
Alumni hold positions of responsibility in both the private and public sectors.
Alumni hold prestigious positions internationally.
Alumni hold prestigous positions internationally.
Alumni increasingly expect better stewardship from their alma maters as a condition for giving.
Alumni interviewing schedules fill quickly, so make an appointment as soon as possible.
Alumni invite students to their homes for informal dinners and conversation.
Alumni is plural.
Alumni is the plural form.
Alumni is the plural of alumnus.
Alumni keep in touch and stay connected via the Alumni Connection Check it out today.
Alumni keep in touch at annual events across the country.
Alumni keep in touch with one another and take mutual assistance for granted.
Alumni living in the greater Washington DC area are welcome to get in touch.
Alumni love it because they always know where to find their publications.
Alumni make sure to check out the alumni page on the history link.
Alumni meet at a new exciting location each month.
Alumni meet for social events and to continue to help the community.
Alumni Net a registration that tries to group people with their schools.
Alumni now get both the magazine and the newsletter.
Alumni now have the ability to submit, update, and enhance personal information.
Alumni occasionally get into the act as well.
Alumni occupy key management, policy and consulting positions throughout the country.
Alumni offer their time and experience to counsel students.
Alumni parade, class reunions.
Alumni participate as competition judges and mentors to current students.
Alumni participate in a series of workshops and provide individual career counseling for students.
Alumni participate in our holiday events and other activities.
Alumni participate in two to three symposia and enjoy a keynote address at lunch.
Alumni pay a nominal fee.
Alumni peek in every corner of the new building.
Alumni play a key role in supporting the chapter and staff financially and through prayer.
Alumni play a special role in the lives of students.
Alumni play a very important role in perpetuating the on-going success of the university.
Alumni play an active role in the present program.
Alumni play an important part in many other career services.
Alumni play an instrumental role in the campaign.
Alumni point to the strong and supportive faculty as the foundation of the Bible program.
Alumni praise the breadth and rigor of the program.
Alumni provide career support and can provide important networking opportunities after graduation.
Alumni provide guidance and mentoring in students career searches.
Alumni provide important information about living and working in their area.
Alumni provide information on career alternatives.
Alumni provide information on practice areas, employers and geographical areas.
Alumni provide insights and career advice to undergraduates preparing to enter the workforce.
Alumni provide internships for students at their firm or business.
Alumni provide the historical perspective which deepens our ability to succeed.
Alumni provide the site contact and often supervise the student.
Alumni provides a way for international alumni to stay informed.
Alumni recall their lifelong friendships and leadership development opportunities.
Alumni receive a thrice yearly edition of our journal entitled Alumni Today .
Alumni receive discounted research rates with no annual fee.
Alumni receive lifetime career services.
Alumni receive one complimentary half-hour telephone consultation session.
Alumni receive post-program counseling.
Alumni receive preferred registration and discounts on school-sponsored events.
Alumni receive regular mail, telephone, and personal solicitations during the course of the year.
Alumni receives proceeds from each purchase from the online shopping mall.
Alumni recognize their Dean experience as the pivotal time in their lives.
Alumni refers to males and also is used when referring to a mixed group of males and females.
Alumni register using the registration form available on the web.
Alumni register with the council and are provided a list of incentives that come as a reward.
Alumni relate to their academic programs.
Alumni remain very active in department activities and scholarship committees.
Alumni remember a high quality, teaching oriented faculty.
Alumni remember many small classes with fewer than twenty students.
Alumni remember our faculty, they connect with individual faculty members.
Alumni renew acquaintances with faculty and staff as well as with classmates at the annual reunion.
Alumni respond best to clear, well directed questions.
Alumni respond with perspective.
Alumni return for the annual reunion and to honor the graduates.
Alumni return to campus to speak to students during the annual Alumni Forum.
Alumni return to the college to relate their career experiences after graduating from Keystone.
Alumni return to their countries as engines of positive change.
Alumni say that a sense of isolation consumed the group.
Alumni say that what sets MC's music programs apart is their inclusiveness and the faculty.
Alumni say their pressure prompted the changes.
Alumni scan the endless horizon of construction.
Alumni serve as a wonderful source of advice and support for students.
Alumni serve as critical members of many key teams.
Alumni serve as role models and advisors, becoming involved in students' concerns, plans and goals.
Alumni serve as role models.
Alumni serve throughout the United States and in forty countries around the world.
Alumni serve throughout the world.
Alumni serve volunteer and elected positions, including many regional committees and boards.
Alumni share a few memories of their favorite campus characters.
Alumni share their knowledge with students about life after graduation.
Alumni share their perspectives on selecting and pursuing a career.
Alumni share their stories of virtual corporations .
Alumni simply means 'former student'.
Alumni start here .
Alumni stay in touch with the school and stay involved with discussion groups and regular meetings.
Alumni stay on campus.
Alumni stress the value of internships and co-operative education experiences to develop skills.
Alumni take advantage of consolidated loans in order to lower monthly payments.
Alumni take the podium and offer an equally eclectic sampling.
Alumni taking advantage of the program say it makes a difference.
Alumni talk about Springs. . .
Alumni talk about the experience of being part of a 'bigger thing'.
Alumni tend to be the ones closest to the mark on the workload.
Alumni tend to think in terms of months.
Alumni thank other alumni for their support.
Alumni tour the PC art gallery.
Alumni understand the culture and traditions of their alma mater.
Alumni Use the crest, to the left, to navigate back to our home page.
Alumni Use the links below to explore our services.
Alumni uses .index.html as the index file.
Alumni visit classes, help with workjobs, and otherwise participate in the daily life of the school.
Alumni visit the campus and get re-acquainted with former classmates.
Alumni visit the college during Homecoming.
Alumni volunteer during a phonathon to new students.
Alumni volunteer to critique student resumes.
Alumni vote for three candidates.
Alumni walk through one of the many spacious classrooms.
Alumni wear hard hats and reference the building floor plan as they begin their tour.
Alumni weekend with on-line registration form.
Alumni weekend with photos and survey.
Alumni welcome at all dances.
Alumni welcome to attend.
Alumni Welcome to former students.
Alumni welcome to purchase tickets five business days prior to games, depending on availability.
Alumni work across the world in a variety of exciting professional careers.
Alumni work in nearly all areas of entertainment business.
Alumni work in such diverse fields as manufacturing, consulting, law, and medicine.
Alumni working in industry often return as teaching assistants.
Alumni working in many areas are also available to mentor students.
Alumni working in, affiliated with, or interested in the field listed are welcome to attend.
Alumnuses are graduates.
Alumnuses are scholars.
An alumnus is a student
Alumni always enjoy their stay.
Alumni always look different.
Alumni frequently visit classes or welcome field trips to their business sites.
Alumni frequently visit the campus for events and programs.
Alumni frequently volunteer to participate in career development programs.
Alumni often choose careers in industry, government service, and higher education.
Alumni often come back to the chapel to have their weddings.
Alumni often come to campus to function as panel speakers and guest lecturers.
Alumni often continue into the ministry.
Alumni often contribute their time and talents to such events.
Alumni often drop by to help out at practice.
Alumni often employ Illinois graduates or offer student externships.
Alumni often give seminars to students and faculty.
Alumni often help a brother get a job.
Alumni often provide our office with career opportunities for current students.
Alumni often visit Monterey and maintain supportive relationships with faculty and staff.
Alumni sometimes make it a point to stop in to the shop to say 'hi' when they're in town.
All alumni also receive the full printed version of each issue.
All alumni are always welcome and guaranteed a great vacation.
All alumni are automatically members of the association.
All alumni are eligible for consideration.
All alumni are eligible for mailings and to participate in special activities.
All alumni are eligible.
All alumni are encourage to attend and to show support.
All alumni are members of the alumni association.
All alumni are members, entitled to the privileges of active membership.
All alumni are welcome and attendence to at least one is manditory for active brothers.
All alumni are welcome and encourage to join.
All alumni are welcome and encouraged to attend each board meeting.
All alumni are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All alumni are welcome at the dance.
All alumni are welcome to attend and participate at board meetings.
All alumni are welcome to attend and participate.
All alumni are welcome to attend the meetings.
All alumni are welcome to attend the vesper services held on campus.
All alumni are welcome to attend the weekend's events.
All alumni are welcome to attend.
All alumni are welcome to bring business before the meeting.
All alumni are welcome to come.
All alumni are welcome to enjoy a day on the links with friends and classmates.
All alumni are welcome to join the alumni planning committee.
All alumni are welcome to join the festivities.
All alumni are welcome to nominate distinguished graduates.
All alumni are welcome to showcase their talents.
All alumni are welcome to submit information about themselves.
All alumni are welcome.
All alumni are, of course, encouraged to attend homecoming.
All alumni become members upon graduation.
All alumni have an opportunity to meet the board at the Annual General Meeting and Awards Ceremony.
All alumni receive a ballot by mail.
All alumni receive general membership status in the association.
All alumni welcome to attend.
All alumni welcome.
Any alumnus can go to the site and update the information of any other alumnus.
Any alumnus is welcome to serve.
Many alumni act as voluntary admissions representatives throughout the United States.
Many alumni also realize how much they have gained from being in the fraternity.
Many alumni also return to campus to participate in mock interviews and panels.
Many alumni are able to visit the guidance offices of their local high schools.
Many alumni are available for informational interviews .
Many alumni are hesitant to admit it flat out.
Many alumni are state and federal judges.
Many alumni are successful business leaders.
Many alumni are successful professionals in both the private and public sectors.
Many alumni are teachers, psychologists, nurses, and social workers.
Many alumni assist the chapter by providing guidance and perspective.
Many alumni become involved in alumni chapters.
Many alumni choose to support the college or major that they graduated from.
Many alumni complain that the entrance requirements are too high, shutting out their children.
Many alumni contact the school inquiring about class reunions.
Many alumni continue to work in the profession.
Many alumni contribute to an endowment that pays the student workers and other operating expenses.
Many alumni don t want to see their former schools shut down.
Many alumni feel strongly that they want to give something back to their alma mater.
Many alumni feel their graduate education was the most important investment they ever made.
Many alumni give annual gifts to the colleges during the phonathons.
Many alumni go on to become doctors, mechanics, nuclear physicists.
Many alumni go on to graduate school and earn advanced degrees.
Many alumni have successful careers in engineering and research.
Many alumni hold influencial positions in government, business and nonprofit careers.
Many alumni hold leadership positions in public and private agencies throughout the country.
Many alumni maintain a strong tie to the chapter through correspondence with the housemother.
Many alumni manage dual careers in dance and another field.
Many alumni now own cosmetic businesses and salons.
Many alumni recommend networking as the way to find jobs.
Many alumni remain in contact with the program.
Many alumni return to conduct research for their employers or professional projects.
Many alumni still like to identify walls they laid.
Many alumni view annual giving as an opportunity to fulfill their role in giving something back.
Many alumni volunteer as guest speakers , thesis advisors and placement supervisors .
Many alumni volunteer their services to various Allegheny initiatives.
Many alumni wear the gold ring given to seniors for life.
Many alumni work at the school, tutor in the evenings, or have some other participation.
Most alumni are never aware that their chapter is on probation status or that problems exist.
Most alumni are willing to host a student as long as they can fit it into their work schedule.
Most alumni miss it.
Most alumni say they outweighed the inconveniences.
Some alumni agree.
Some alumni are active in the school as volunteers and fundraisers.
Some alumni are interested in changing careers for various reasons.
Some alumni are parents of students.
Some alumni are researchers in medical facilities.
Some alumni are teaching, some are in missions, and some are in the business world.
Some alumni are up to half a million dollars a year and one earns three-quarters of a million.
Some alumni bring their kids.
Some alumni come for informational purposes and have no authority to hire or even talk about hiring.
Some alumni create strategies for on-going communication that foster regular contact and support.
Some alumni go on to graduate schools, with a few becoming college professors.
Some alumni help by arranging internships, providing job referrals, or serving as mentors.
Some alumni lament the school's turn from tradition.
Some alumni own their own production houses and many are leading animators.
Some alumni question the appropriateness of soliciting so much beef for so few people.
Some alumni say the church has a moral obligation to stay in the city.
Some alumni say the original mission has drifted.
Some alumni teach journalism in junior high schools, high schools and colleges.
Some alumni use their nursing skills to good advantage in their volunteering.
Some alumni work for ear, nose and throat physicians or in other medical or industrial settings.
Some alumni work for trade, business, and other special interest publications.
Some alumni work in related fields and some have used their skills in other ways.
Alumroots fill in the crevices wedged out by alternate freezing and thawing during the winter.
An alumroot is a herb
Alveolar air is a mixture of atmospheric and residual air.
Alveolar consonants are almost always apicals .
An alveolar consonant is a consonant
Alveolar crest is convex in the bicuspid area and flat in the molar area.
Alveolar disease is indicated by the lobar sign and air bronchograms .
Alveolar edema is represented by the pale haze.
Alveolar environment influences the metabolicand biophysical properties of exogenous surfactants.
Alveolar flaps take the place of in an intervocalic position.
Alveolar hemorrhage accompanies the alveolar damage in some cases.
Alveolar hypoxia causes pulmonary arterial vasoconstriction.
Alveolar hypoxia causes vasoconstriction.
Alveolar macrophages eliminate organisms that reach alveoli.
Alveolar macrophages inhibit retroviral-mediated gene transfer to airway epithelia.
Alveolar macrophages modulate the epithelial cell response to coal dust in vitro.
Alveolar pressure equals atmospheric pressure at end expiration of a normal breath.
Alveolar pressure is given with respect to atmospheric pressure, which is always set tozero.
Alveolar pressure is greater than atmospheric pressure during an expiration.
Alveolar pressure is less than atmospheric pressure during a normal inspiration.
Alveolar pressure is the sum of pleural pressure and elastic recoil of the lung.
Alveolar process becomes essentially free of vascular and marrow channels.
An alveolar process is an appendage
Alveolar sacs are surrounded by thin capillaries where gases can be exchanged.
Alveolar sacks open only into the alveolar ducts.
Alveolar shunt arises in a fashion that depends directly on accumulated lung edema.
Alveolar walls show slight to moderate thickening, and granulation tissue or exudate fills alveoli.
Alveolus is composed of a very thin membrane and is the place where blood capillaries open.
Alveolus is the singular form and alveoli is the plural form of the word.
Alveolus isa body part.
Alveoluses are part of lungs.
Alveoluses have (part) corpi.
An alveolus is a sac
Most alveoluses are part of lungs.
Some alveoluses fill with fluid.
Some alveoluses have thin walls.
Some alveoluses have walls.
Alyssian culture has a very strong sea-faring tradition.
Alzheimer behaviors can often be difficult to deal with.
Alzheimer care gets easier when there is a diagnosis.
Alzheimer disease affects the brain gradually but severely, impairing memory and cognition.
Alzheimer disease is a progressive, degenerative disease.
Alzheimer episodes can sound hilarious when viewed at a distance.
Alzheimer patients are a little better to manage than Dementia patients.
Alzheimer patients are prone to falls.
Alzheimer patients fatigue quickly.
Alzheimer patients have a reduced ability to feel pain.
Alzheimer patients have a safe, supportive haven.
Alzheimer patients seem to show excess cortisol responses to stress.
Many Alzheimer patients are unable to tell the correct time.
Many Alzheimer patients wander.
Some Alzheimer patients regress back to a fetal position in bed when they approach death.
All AMAB functions chosen by electoral process are non-profitable.
Amacrine cells perform lateral inhibition similar to that of the horizontal cells.
Amacrine cells receive input from bipolar cells and modulate ganglion cell activity.
Amajor emphasis is given to tax planning considerations, especially corporate tax consequences.
Amala fruit aids digestion, cures flatulence , helps correct body functions and metabolism.
Amalgam fillings release mercury vapor, especially when teeth are chewed on or brushed.
Amalgam bonding decreases micro-leakage and thus recurrent caries.
Amalgam is a combination
Amalgam is alloy.
Amalgam is combinations.
Amalgams are extremely useful.
Amalgams are used in tooth fillings.
Amalgams tend to have a higher rate of causing tooth stresses and fractures .
Amalgamation is a success.
Amalgamation is consolidation.
Amalgamation is integration
Amalgamation means the opportunity for smaller, more efficient government.
Amalgamations are traumatic and can be one of the worst times in any school's life.
Amaranths are chemical compounds.
Amaranths are colour.
Amaranths are difficult to transplant except when the seedlings are very small.
Amaranths are easy to grow so long as they have full sun.
Amaranths are grain.
Amaranths are green, leafy vegetables and grain crops.
Amaranths are herbs.
Amaranths are plants.
Amaranths do best on sunny, raised beds.
Amaranths do well in hot, high light conditions, producing edible foliage in summer conditions.
Amaranths reproduce solely by seed, producing very small, dark seeds.
Amaranths vary in foliage color, leaf shape, plant height and flavor.
An amaranth is a caryopsis
Many amaranths are sensitive to day length, which is useful in developing varieties.
Amaranthus business is small.
Amaretto Serve on the rocks or straight up. .
An amaretto is cordial
Amarillo gear boxes interchange with all domestic wind machines currently in production.
Amarillo isa thing.
Amarna art is more natural, less stylized than earlier Egyptian art.
Amarna art shows people in very dramatic and exaggerated ways.
Amarone wines are full-bodied and offer chocolate, cherry and plum flavors.
Amaryllis are another story entirely.
Amaryllis are easy to grow and have few pest problems.
Amaryllis are gigantic bulbs usually grown just one to a pot.
Amaryllis are notoriously difficult to flower in other parts of the United States.
Amaryllis are pretty.
Amaryllis do best when their roots are left undisturbed.
Amaryllis emceed the slam and open mic.
Amaryllis grow tall and top heavy.
Amaryllis like to be pot-bound.
Amaryllis like to be slightly rootbound.
Amaryllis naturally bloom in the early summer.
Amaryllis prefer a humus-enriched, sandy soil that is slightly acidic.
Amaryllis provide a wider range of colors and forcing time than the paper whites.
Amaryllis require bright light, cool conditions and moist soils like other flowering plants.
Most amaryllis are Dutch or African hybrids selected for flower size, color and ease of forcing.
Amaryllis belladonna grows in the South Western Cape.
Amaryllis bulbs are among the easiest to force into winter blooms.
Amaryllis bulbs are common gifts at the holidays.
Amaryllis bulbs are in flower in many areas.
Amaryllis bulbs are usually available in the fall and in Saskatchewan are treated as houseplants.
Amaryllis bulbs are very large but also very easy to grow.
Amaryllis bulbs are very large but very easy to grow.
Amaryllis bulbs require a two to three month rest period before reblooming.
Amaryllis bulbs require a very specific level of moisture to grow.
Amaryllis flowers are a familiar sight around holiday time.
All amateur anglers are welcome.
Amateur archaeologists participate in archaeological projects for a wide variety of reasons.
Amateur art is practiced during and after primary, secondary and tertiary school.
Amateur astronomers are astronomers.
Amateur astronomers are very friendly people.
Amateur astronomers can actually make some useful observations during total eclipses.
Amateur astronomers can and do make the observations needed by the professionals.
Amateur astronomers can be our strong allies in our battle against light pollution.
Amateur astronomers discover nebulas.
Amateur astronomers have a long history of helping each other and sharing information.
Amateur astronomers have a number of projects they can carry out.
Amateur astronomers know the Owl Nebula well.
Amateur astronomers know there is a great deal of color variation.
Amateur astronomers make contributions.
Amateur astronomers observe detail on Jupiter all the time.
Amateur astronomers play roles.
Amateur astronomers pursue such a hobby in their spare time, purely for the pleasure of it.
Amateur astronomers see corresponding links in the heavens.
Amateur astronomers spend all night selecting special locations for their telescopes.
Amateur astronomers use several handy techniques to determine distances in the sky.
Amateur astronomers use telescopes.
Amateur astronomers work for the fun of it.
Every amateur astronomer is welcome to participate.
Many amateur astronomers are on hand to answer questions.
Many amateur astronomers belong to local astronomy clubs.
Many amateur astronomers consider making their own telescope as somewhat as a rite of passage.
Many amateur astronomers contribute to the science of astronomy.
Many amateur astronomers have both a telescope and a pair of binoculars.
Many amateur astronomers have difficulty locating faint or extended deep sky objects.
Many amateur astronomers have telescopes that can reach very faint magnitudes.
Many amateur astronomers live in the light polluted suburbs.
Many amateur astronomers love to come to schools with their telescopes.
Most amateur astronomers avoid zoom binoculars due to inherent limitations with zoom optics.
Most amateur astronomers discover nebulas.
Most amateur astronomers love to share their passion for astronomy with others.
Most amateur astronomers make contributions.
Most amateur astronomers play roles.
Most amateur astronomers use telescopes.
Some amateur astronomers contribute to astronomical discoveries.
Some amateur astronomers contribute to discoveries.
Some amateur astronomers contribute to important discoveries.
Some amateur astronomers contribute to many important astronomical discoveries.
Some amateur astronomers enjoy adventures.
Some amateur astronomers find shops.
Amateur astronomy appears to be alive and well in Montana.
Amateur astronomy can be very enjoyable, even for a city dweller.
Amateur astronomy is a hobby that begs to be shared with others.
Amateur astronomy is also about the challenge of finding faint, hard to see objects.
Amateur astronomy is half in the mind and half in the eye.
Amateur astronomy is hobbies.
Amateur athletes can practice in the batting cages or challenge the miniature golf course.
Amateur athletes deserve one's loyalty.
All amateur athletes have coaches, as do the vast majority of professional ones.
Amateur babes display young boobs, pussy and ass.
Amateur babes get naked for the camera.
Amateur babes xxx nude pictures .
Amateur backs are no different.
Amateur baseball is no doubt the toughest sport to raise money for.
Most amateur birders use the birds common name.
Amateur boxers wear helmets to reduce the number of knockouts or brain hemorrhages.
Amateur chick takes it off.
Amateur collectors call themselves rockhounds.
Amateur collectors can be very helpful to conservation efforts.
Amateur communications are normally well organized and highly disciplined.
Amateur communications cover a broad spectrum of capabilities.
Amateur competition is a fantastic tool that harness racing is lucky to have.
Amateur competition is held in the morning, and professional competition is held in the afternoon.
Amateur competition is offered at numerous high school games.
Amateur contributors are the definite exception.
Amateur creators are imaginative and varied.
Amateur criminals try to outsmart each other and the police.
Any amateur dancer is eligible to compete.
Amateur detectives get jobs.
Most amateur detectives get jobs.
Amateur dietitians are equally bad.
All amateur division are open.
Amateur documentary addressing opinions about sexual violence currently pervasive on campus.
Amateur drivers experience the thrill of racing to the delight of thousands of spectators.
Amateur exams are available by appointment following every monthly meeting.
Amateur exhibitionist shows off in highly public places and loves it.
Some amateur experience is also desirable.
Amateur experimentation is alive and well, contrary to widespread rumors.
Most amateur failures are due to improper setting temperature.
Amateur features are updated weekly.
Amateur films are a category apart.
Many amateur filmmakers can still get some impressive results by editing their films in the camera.
Most amateur gamblers fantasize about making professional profits in one big hit.
Many amateur genealogists start with a simple question or two they want to answer.
Amateur girls get excited wet pussy.
Amateur girls get naked in the great outdoors.
Amateur golf is the backbone of the sport.
Amateur golfers look forward to it.
Many amateur golfers believe pulled or hooked shots are caused by too much body rotation.
Many amateur golfers force the shaft of the club past their lead arm prior to impact.
Many amateur golfers have no system when it comes to concentration.
Most amateur golfers try to hit the ball too hard off the tee.
Most amateur golfers try to hit the golf ball too hard off the tee.
Amateur growers make a valuable contribution to the world wide conservation of orchids.
Amateur hour is over.
Amateur housewives give blowjobs, as well as college coeds giving blowjobs to the football team.
Amateur investors are now able to buy and sell stocks without contacting a broker.
Amateur investors are smart.
Some amateur maps are complex and as good or better than the ones included in the game.
Amateur mathematics is often experimental.
Amateur mode is useless, as always.
Amateur models pose naked in front of the camera.
Amateur models welcome.
Amateur monitoring misses a lot.
Amateur naturalists are welcome.
Some amateur naturalists arrive at houses.
Amateur night is an institution.
Amateur operators take turns operating and logging due to the duration of the event.
All amateur operators have opinions on why they bought their favorite piece of equipment.
Amateur packet exists as a loose global network.
Amateur par varies, pro par is generally three on any given hole.
Amateur photographers can ask their subjects to look slightly to the side of the camera.
Amateur photographers end up with a lot of action photos taken after the action has occurred.
Amateur photographers take advantage.
Most amateur photographers take advantage.
Amateur photography is a multibillion-dollar market today.
Amateur photography occupies much of free time.
Amateur pickers welcome.
Amateur pilots refer to skibs as hatch-handles, and are laughed at.
Amateur players seem to have a fascination with how far they hit a particular club.
Most amateur poets skip the first and skimp on the second.
Amateur porn is good.
Amateur pornographers are among the worst.
Most amateur problems involve in-band abuse of repeaters which are open access facilities.
Amateur productions enjoy strong local support.
Amateur promotion is worse than no promotion at all.
Amateur psychology is boring, irritating, and dangerous.
Amateur quintets abound.
Amateur races are another story.
More amateur races follow later in the winter.
Amateur radio services have purposes.
Amateur radio allows millions worldwide to communicate with each other.
Amateur radio brings one closer to magic of radio then in any other means can.
Amateur radio continues to play an important role in disaster communication.
Amateur radio exists in nearly every country of the world.
Amateur radio fills the gap.
Amateur radio has a lot of history behind it.
Amateur radio has many positives going for it.
Amateur radio has restrictions on usage.
Amateur radio has world support by many governments.
Amateur radio is a family hobby.
Amateur radio is a fascinating hobby.
Amateur radio is a fun, exciting, high-tech hobby.
Amateur radio is a hobby of personal enjoyment.
Amateur radio is a hobby of self-education and emergency preparedness.
Amateur radio is a self-policing radio service.
Amateur radio is a technical as well as social and public service hobby that spans the entire world.
Amateur radio is a topic discussed on the bulletin board system.
Amateur radio is a unique and fascinating hobby.
Amateur radio is a very broad and fascinating hobby in which anyone can get involved.
Amateur radio is a voluntary, non-commercial communications service.
Amateur radio is also woman thing .
Amateur radio is an excellent way to encourage budding technical professionals.
Amateur radio is basically a community of radio hobbyists.
Amateur radio is called upon to provide emergency communications in major disasters.
Amateur radio is centered around public service and advancing the radio art.
Amateur radio is currently and has been in a paradigm shift for the last several years.
Amateur radio is like that for communications.
Amateur radio is obviously of special value to the blind and immobile.
Amateur radio is one of New Zealand's most popular pastimes.
Amateur radio is one of the nation's oldest hobbies.
Amateur radio is still a hobby and provides enjoyment to many.
Amateur radio is the hobby of two-way radio communications.
Amateur radio is valuable to park officials during emergencies for another reason, too.
Amateur radio is very diverse hobby.
Amateur radio is, in that sense, unlike the internet.
Amateur radio makes an excellent family hobby.
Amateur radio makes the world seem small.
Amateur radio plays a big role in the skywarn program.
Amateur radio turns out to be a great hobby for men and women in space.
Amateur raisers decline in numbers and novelties all but disappear.
Amateur riders can keep a workout log on their individual horse.
Amateur rights are available .
Amateur rights are available.
Amateur scholars approach research and writing for the love of it and as a way of learning.
Amateur sites can be very profitable to run and promote, if done the right way.
Many amateur sites take too long to load.
Amateur skiers tell similar stories.
Most amateur sleuths have a natural inquisitiveness, something that appears to be lacking in Leigh.
Amateur snapshots are okay to send.
Amateur sport is important to the quality of life in the province of Ontario.
Amateur sport is played for the sport and professional sport for economic reasons.
Amateur sports are popular too, with a full slate of leagues.
Amateur sports are sports in which participants engage largely or entirely without remuneration.
Amateur spots are still available.
Every amateur station is closed down.
Amateur status is difficult to define, let alone enforce.
Amateur sumo is important in Japan, and interest is growing worldwide.
Amateur teens let their boyfriends take nude pictures and amateur home movies.
Amateur telescopes cost from a few hundred dollars to many thousands of dollars.
Most amateur telescopes point haphazardly.
Amateur theaters exist in bigger places.
All amateur traffic is halted where it happened to stand.
Most amateur umpires don t wait to see if that glove actually touches the runner.
Amateur users can create lively animations with no programming knowledge.
Amateur video shows revellers on the dance floor, top, then falling as the floor gives way, middle.
Amateur whores are only amateurs to the camera.
Amateur wives take pictures and movies of sex, usually hardcore sex.
All amateur winners receive prizes or medals.
Amateur wrestling needs the support of every wrestling fan to attend the championships.
Amateur yachtsmen know the bay as the best mooring spot on the island.
Amateur isa individual.
Amateur isa person.
Amateur isa somebody.
Amateur isa someone.
Amateurs abound when it comes to building web sites.
Amateurs adult featuring black sex pictures of amateurs.
Amateurs already build and fly kits for all kinds of aircraft, including helicopters and jet planes.
Amateurs also can impede police investigations.
Amateurs also get a look-in with a category dedicated to personal homepages.
Amateurs also like initial truisms.
Amateurs also make important contributions to searches for new comets, asteroids, and supernovae.
Amateurs are a different story.
Amateurs are able to select and use complete layouts for their purpose without much effort.
Amateurs are able to successfully ride and even more importantly, enjoy their horses.
Amateurs are also in the lead for discovering new comets in real-time.
Amateurs are athletes.
Amateurs are especially welcome to submit their work.
Amateurs are films.
Amateurs are fortunate.
Amateurs are great to see naked, no matter what country they are from.
Amateurs are hands-on people.
Amateurs are happy to fuck for free.
Amateurs are happy to perform the passage correctly every now and then.
Amateurs are lovely.
Amateurs are more interesting.
Amateurs are more likely to emphasize aesthetic qualities or overcoming a recreational challenge.
Amateurs are most welcome.
Amateurs are overwhelmingly opposed, and the proposal is dropped.
Amateurs are people who look for comets as a fun hobby.
Amateurs are people.
Amateurs are usually quite eager to give verdicts on the performance of the items they've bought.
Amateurs are welcome.
Amateurs can be enthusiastic and hard working, but nothing beats actual training.
Amateurs can bring their own telescopes.
Amateurs can demonstrate their quality and beginners can seek comment and advice.
Amateurs can get details of the object on the Internet.
Amateurs can hire pros or sign up to be put on a team.
Amateurs can now easily search for new supernovae, variable stars, and asteroids.
Amateurs can set up stores using online resources.
Amateurs can stay for lunch.
Amateurs can use vocaloid , so many songs are created .
Amateurs can use vocaloid, so many songs are created.
Amateurs can usually detect the red sign, but with considerable practice.
Amateurs communicate world-wide.
Amateurs compete against professionals, but are eligible to receive gift certificates only.
Amateurs concentrate on getting through the guide.
Amateurs crack codes national governments swear are safe.
Amateurs deserve generosity, some believe.
Amateurs do microscopy because they enjoy it, professionals to earn a living.
Amateurs do more than communicate for pleasure and relaxation.
Amateurs do what they do out of love.
Amateurs finally are successful in working around the world on shortwave.
Amateurs fish with a different pro each day.
Amateurs fish with a different pro each of the three days in the combined boat-weight format.
Amateurs focus too much on what they are doing wrong.
Amateurs generally take plenty of room, because in most cases it.
Amateurs get scrip instead of cash.
Amateurs get the leader on the wireman or looped on the rod.
Amateurs handle radiograms in a number of different ways.
Amateurs have (part) arms.
Amateurs have (part) body substances.
Amateurs have (part) cell membranes.
Amateurs have (part) cells.
Amateurs have (part) corpi.
Amateurs have (part) cytoplasm.
Amateurs have (part) heads.
Amateurs have (part) human bodies.
Amateurs have (part) legs.
Amateurs have (part) material bodies.
Amateurs have (part) necks.
Amateurs have (part) nuclei.
Amateurs have (part) personality.
Amateurs have (part) plasma membranes.
Amateurs have (part) sections.
Amateurs have (part) vacuoles.
Amateurs have a reputation for being polite and overlooking each-others' foibles.
Amateurs have a significant role to play in the development of art of radio communication.
Amateurs have a wide variety of radio-related ways to enjoy their hobby.
Amateurs have all the time and no budget.
Amateurs have direct contact with people who have been doing it for a long time.
Amateurs have the same problem with their own comfort zones.
Amateurs have their own set of interests within the hobby and that is part of the attraction.
Amateurs have to stick together.
Amateurs here eat pretty much whatever they want.
Amateurs imitate, professionals steal.
Amateurs invariably fail.
Amateurs join in the fun.
Amateurs just look at the whole complex and say nothing.
Amateurs keep it honest.
Amateurs leave their success up to luck, chance, talent or astrology.
Amateurs limit letters to one side of a piece of paper.
Amateurs line up to sing on center stage.
Amateurs lose much of their energy after a few hours.
Amateurs mostly rely on luck and chance.
Amateurs normally request a symbolic fee, and give free updates for ever.
Amateurs now are secondary there.
Amateurs play an integral part of the running of the race.
Amateurs play two rounds with the professionals at the event.
Amateurs play with the pros for three rounds, and the play is spread out on three different courses.
Amateurs play with their dildos.
Amateurs receive gift certificates.
Amateurs receive merchandise of their choice.
Amateurs receive the same weight as the pro they fish with each day.
Amateurs relay dozens of reports of hail, up to golf ball size.
Amateurs start with small quantities.
Amateurs swell the ranks of people watching the night sky.
Amateurs take more shots around the green than they do getting to the green.
Amateurs take their equipment outdoors using a generater for power.
Amateurs talk about strategy.
Amateurs teach amateurs to be amateurs.
Amateurs tend to attack machines, whereas professionals target people.
Amateurs tend to have their hands at the center of the body and often behind the ball.
Amateurs turn pro, then become amateurs again, depending on the event.
Amateurs use long commands when they're speaking, and think they're being persuasive.
Amateurs view their appellation with considerable pride.
Amateurs wait until they're on the brink of disaster.
Amateurs wishing to spot from their mobiles operate at their own risk.
Amateurs write when they are drunk.
An amateur is a person
Amateurs frequently photograph everything from a standing position.
Amateurs often don t spend enough time warming up before playing.
Amateurs often find the job a sticky, slimy mess.
Amateurs often give up.
Amateurs often run the risk of overuse injuries.
Amateurs often travel to rural areas, or abroad.
All amateurs agree in certain particulars, which conduce to success.
All amateurs are enthusiastic football players.
All amateurs are welcome and encouraged to join in.
All amateurs are welcome and invited to checkin.
All amateurs are welcome to check in.
All amateurs are welcome to check- in.
All amateurs are welcome to join the net.
All amateurs are welcome to participate.
All amateurs are welcome to use the repeater.
All amateurs are welcome to use the system which is mainly for leaving and recieving messages.
All amateurs are welcome, and encouraged to participate by checking in, etc.
All amateurs are welcome.
All amateurs play without pay.
All amateurs struggle with their aim during setup.
All amateurs welcome.
Every amateur has a similar story to tell although probably a bit scaled down.
Every amateur has different uses for packet.
Many amateurs are highly skilled and respected observers.
Many amateurs are very accomplished riders.
Many amateurs choose sophisticated modes of exchanging signals.
Many amateurs do most of their planetary observing when the planets are past opposition.
Many amateurs make the same mistake.
Many amateurs own two or more telescopes to satisfy their varied interests.
Many amateurs play the ball too far forward.
Many amateurs pour on speed at the start of the downswing to try to create power.
Many amateurs tend to make a long backswing and finishing with a short follow through.
Most amateurs aim to the right and swing back over the top.
Most amateurs are deathly afraid of a shot from the sand, and that fear translates into tension.
Most amateurs are opportunistic, crude in their methods, and are detected more often than others.
Most amateurs are over-analytical.
Most amateurs begin an essay by stating their purpose, giving background, or telling results.
Most amateurs begin astronomy just as sightseers, and eventually they reach a plateau.
Most amateurs bend far too much at the knees.
Most amateurs build Newtonian or Dobsonian-style telescopes.
Most amateurs can achieve professional results.
Most amateurs can watch players beat balls on the range and never really absorb much.
Most amateurs derive enormous satisfaction from researching their own family tree.
Most amateurs fear the sand shot for various reasons.
Most amateurs have day jobs that sustain their basic needs and their astronomy habit.
Most amateurs love sharing the sky with people.
Most amateurs miss three out of every four greens during a round.
Most amateurs observe in the optical, though.
Most amateurs organize as they write.
Most amateurs overlook all the basic things it takes to be a good golfer.
Most amateurs seem to have a swing instruction in their mind when they stand over the ball.
Most amateurs try to rush it from the top.
Some amateurs are as knowledgeable as professionals and contribute to the scientific literature.
Some amateurs contribute to discoveries.
Some amateurs get taste.
Some amateurs give scientists.
Some amateurs simply like to hoard repeater pairs for future use.
Some amateurs specialize in observing nebulae.
Some amateurs use home made equipment others equipment made commercially.
Some amateurish elements lessen the luster.
Amateurism is as much about joy and honour of participation in sport as about money.
Amateurism is conviction
Amateurism is the lifeblood of mountaineering for it is truly the love of the sport that propels it.
Amatsu treatments help people suffering from , neck and back problems, joint and muscular strains.
Amaurosis comes from the Latin meaning blindness.
Amax termination results in a deluge of inquiries from major mining companies.
Some amaze animals adapt for life.
Some amaze animals use tails.
Some amaze birds have roles.
Some amaze devices enable researchers.
Some amaze drummers make contributions.
Some amaze drummers make valuable contributions.
Some amaze machines have filament.
Some amaze machines have nylon filament.
Some amaze stories have importance.
Amazement also runs through the eye of the adventure seeker.
Amazement is feeling
Amazement isa feeling.
Amazement sweeps over the couple as they look at each other.
Amazing animals is a wonder world on animals which is easy to access.
Amazing animation recreates the world of the dinosaurs.
Many amazing bargains are only available via our special sale catalog .
Amazing bike built buy a wicked company.
Amazing botanicals regenerate the cardiovascular system.
Amazing Caves Call for times.
Amazing child steals cattle.
Amazing complexity comes when the basics are right.
Amazing developments follow.
Many amazing developments are certain to follow.
Amazing discoveries continue to be made on shark liver oil.
Amazing effects are the order of the day.
Amazing events happen in the corona.
Amazing Facts Learn about some amazing facts.
Amazing freshwater lakes dot the island, irresistible places to swim and linger.
Amazing gadgets are possible by utilizing the control capabilities of the personal computer.
Amazing guitar sounds, and a great long lyric.
Amazing ideas come up when the right group of people get together.
Amazing Images can now help make it more fun.
Amazing Journeys Join the endless search for the best conditions in which to survive.
Amazing landscapes abound in the area, formed by erosion by wind and water.
Amazing miracles are possible.
Amazing part is, that even the house had lasted that long.
Amazing people can make a big impact.
Amazing photographs showcase the many forms of water.
Amazing physics is involved.
Amazing Prices Browse our huge selection of gymnastics and dance clothing all at discount prices.
Amazing product prevents fat from forming.
Amazing programs contain difficult to locate databases.
Some amazing sales talk, that flys like to eat.
Amazing scenery unfolds en-route.
Amazing site includes audio archives.
Amazing someone has a brain left.
Amazing sound keeps the game intense.
Amazing Space Make solar system trading cards.
Amazing stories tell of lost pets traveling hundreds of miles to return home.
Amazing strawberry milkshakes.
Amazing studio has office, lighted gallery, bath.
Some amazing stuff happens, especially to Rebecca.
Amazing sunsets play off the steep slopes of manzanita and scrub grass.
Amazing system helps eliminates debt.
Amazing system supports smooth video, sound playback, and full screen display.
Amazing technologies can create ugly designs.
Amazing thing is, everything still worked right on through a three day event.
Amazing thing is, they still are.
Amazing things are possible with today's technology.
Amazing things can and do happen on the web.
Amazing things can happen from that.
Amazing things can happen in the most nondescript rooms.
Amazing things can happen on an active trip.
Amazing things can happen on the Web.
Amazing things can happen when adult education classes and poetry meet.
Amazing things can happen when preparation meets opportunity.
Amazing things can happen when there is full employment.
Amazing things can happen.
Amazing things continue to happen.
Amazing things do come in small packages.
Amazing things do happen.
Amazing things happen in community television .
Amazing things happen sort of regularly.
Amazing things happen when people come to Seascape Resort. . .
Amazing things happen when the disabled are brought together with horses.
Amazing things seem to be happening all the time.
Some amazing things are their color, what they eat and where they live.
Some amazing things can happen.
Some amazing things happen in libraries.
Some amazing things seem to surface each year.
Amazing users can actually do the crossword puzzles on line.
Amazing value is guaranteed from the worlds first internet exclusive clothing brand.
Amazing vegan doughnuts.
Amazing weather continues.
Amazing website designs for the Internet.
Amazing woman shows up.
Amazon ants raid the nests of other ants.
Amazon ants steal other ants' larvae to hatch in their own nest.
Amazon books has an exceptional reputation for excellent customer service.
Amazon books is always prompt and professional with good prices for children's literature.
Amazon companies raise money practically as fast as anyone can spend it.
Amazon Creek is a vastly different waterway today than it was near the turn of the century.
Amazon deforestation risers sharply.
Amazon kingfishers eat fish.
Amazon kingfishers have bills.
Most amazon kingfishers eat fish.
Most amazon kingfishers have bills.
Amazon mollies are sexual parasites.
Amazon parrots have average lifespans.
Amazon parrots have lifespans.
Amazon parrots seem to have the most trouble with vitamin A deficiency.
Most amazon parrots have average lifespans.
Most amazon parrots have lifespans.
Amazon river dolphins feed on fish.
Amazon river dolphins have lifespans.
Amazon river dolphins have year lifespans.
Amazon River is the world's second longest river after the Nile and the largest in volume of water.
Amazon is part of Peru.
Amazon isa thing.
Amazon reverses book ban.
Amazon reviews .
Amazon runs online stores in Britain, France, Germany and Japan.
Amazon runs online stores in Britain, France, Germany, and Japan.
Amazon takes care of all customer service and shipping.
Amazon takes care of delivery and offers a guarantee in case of credit card fraud.
Amazon tends to sell CDs at cheaper prices, though.
Amazons also are sensitive to too much protein.
Amazons are amphibious.
Amazons are excellent pets, Great talkers and have a very clown like personality.
Amazons are extremely intelligent and playful birds that love being the center of attention.
Amazons are intelligent.
Amazons are long lived creatures, living up to eighty years.
Amazons are medium to large birds .
Amazons are one of the best talking parrot species .
Amazons are one of the best talking parrots.
Amazons are parrots.
Amazons are part of brazils.
Amazons are perhaps the most skilled archers in existence.
Amazons are pigs.
Amazons are predominantly green parrots with big, chunky bodies and short, squared tails.
Amazons are rivers.
Amazons are sensitive, loving, intelligent creatures.
Amazons are unpretentious.
Amazons are usually best at vocal and non-prop behaviors because of their manic personalities.
Amazons are very prone to obesity and fatty liver disease, which can lead to death.
Amazons are very straight-ahead birds.
Amazons are video games.
Amazons are women.
Amazons bring in their injured warriors, risking their own life for helping others.
Amazons can be a handful.
Amazons can be extremely moody.
Amazons can be good talkers and are dynamic pets.
Amazons can be very long-lived.
Amazons can be very loud when they want to be.
Amazons can be very loud.
Amazons can do many clever things by balancing magical skills with physical force.
Amazons can dwell in the forest and have a ranged attack.
Amazons communicate clearly.
Amazons do have moods just like people do.
Amazons drop heavily if too many feathers are taken and often sustain injuries.
Amazons fight on Trojan side against the Greek invasion.
Amazons form one of the largest and most well known groups of parrots.
Amazons have head-strong, lively personalities and are quite gregarious.
Amazons have voracious appetites as young chicks and are delightful to hand-feed.
Amazons is a very elegant game with a very large branching factor.
Amazons particularly seem to enjoy toys they can manipulate with their feet.
Amazons produce on a regular basis and the babies are very noisy.
Amazons reproduce by going into a nearby village and seducing the males one night every few months.
Amazons say so.
Amazons tend to be unpredictable, especially during breeding season.
An amazon is a parrot
Amazons often roll onto their backs so both feet can get involved in investigating the latest toy.
Amazons usually talk.
Amazon.doc offers offers many gifts for the personal watercraft enthusiast.
Amazonian animals are, indeed, the stuff of legends, and the pink river dolphin is no exception.
Amazonian archaeology has a long way to go before researchers can hang their hats.
Most Amazonian fish are far less dangerous, though equally interesting.
Amazonian manatees are the only species of manatee confined to fresh water.
Amazonian manatees are the smallest of the three species.
Amazonian manatees lack fingernails.
Amazonian mythology is as vast and varying as the Amazon River itself.
Amazonian regions have few meteorite impact craters, but are otherwise quite varied.
Amazonian tapirs are considered a highly vulnerable species.
Amazonian ungulates are also important for the socio-economic value they provide rural people.
Most Amazonite gems are opaque, but some rare crystals can be nicely translucent.
AMBA members qualify for reductions on all products and services.
Ambassadors actively promote Hampshire as an excellent place for businesses to thrive.
Ambassadors administer the care-package program, and the mentor program.
Ambassadors also participate in formalized training programs.
Ambassadors also participate in homecoming activities and games throughout campus.
Ambassadors are also active in local community service projects.
Ambassadors are books.
Ambassadors are diplomats.
Ambassadors are emissaries on behalf of local groundwater protection.
Ambassadors are in the business of crafting words, of persuading others of their case.
Ambassadors are just as important in the spiritual realm as they are in the political realm.
Ambassadors are Northland's leading restoration service.
Ambassadors are spokespersons.
Ambassadors are students who want to make a commitment to their university.
Ambassadors are the personal representatives of kings, potentates, and other heads of state.
Ambassadors are volunteers.
Ambassadors are wholly exempt from arrest for civil or criminal cases.
Ambassadors assist our professional staff with identifying and recruiting new members.
Ambassadors assist with tours, presentations, open houses, conferences, and phonathons.
Ambassadors attend open houses, ribbon cuttings, and other special events.
Ambassadors can only go as far as their instructions from capitals.
Ambassadors consist of high school and jr.
Ambassadors distribute materials to help students prepare for a baccalaureate degree.
Ambassadors enjoy their job for many reasons.
Ambassadors experience personal and professional growth as their leadership talents expand.
Ambassadors follow the tradition of diplomacy.
Ambassadors fulfill the duties of a secretary of state or negotiator.
Ambassadors give campus tours to hundreds of visitors a year.
Ambassadors go to foreign countries on a mission for their nations.
Ambassadors have a natural desire to help the sport in any way they are able.
AmBASSadors have many different tasks.
Ambassadors have secretaries.
Ambassadors have the unique opportunity to affect change for the entire graduate student community.
Ambassadors help with campus tours, special events and speaking engagements.
Ambassadors is a public speaking and leadership development club.
Ambassadors is installed.
Ambassadors make referrals from students they have met in community and church settings.
Ambassadors make referrals to students they have met in community and church settings.
Ambassadors meet once a month, with specific committees meeting at other times as well.
Ambassadors offers everything from worship to weather.
Ambassadors participate in quarterly awards ceremonies and assist with campus tours.
Ambassadors plan projects and activities to involve the students.
Ambassadors promote Hampshire at every opportunity.
Ambassadors provide directions and general information.
Ambassadors relax after a hard-working weekend.
Ambassadors represent a foreign ruler.
Ambassadors represent the college at special events on campus and in the community.
Ambassadors represent the invoking client on the sites where replicas of the server are located.
Ambassadors represent the United States in other countries.
Ambassadors rise to the top as they come together and give back to their communities.
Ambassadors serve as hosts when people come to our school for special meetings.
Ambassadors serve as role models for younger students.
Ambassadors serve the college by volunteering their time to events which take place on campus.
Ambassadors share their experiences with prospective students undecided about their choice of major.
Ambassadors share their U experiences with prospective students and families.
Ambassadors speak for the countries they represent.
Ambassadors spend time with students in high schools near their home town during breaks.
Ambassadors talk to ambassadors.
Ambassadors try to honor as many requests as possible during the fall and spring semesters.
Ambassadors vote for the top three choices of the individual countries they represent.
Ambassadors work in two major ways.
Ambassadors work together in teams organized by their legislative districts.
An ambassador is a diplomat
Ambassadors frequently meet with more than one class during a given visit.
Every ambassador has an official headquarters, or an embassy.
Most ambassadors prefer to rely on skill, intelligence or courage.
Ambassadorial conference opens in London and discusses Albania's fate.
Ambassadorship provides a service to both parties involved.
Ambassadorships are excellent political plums.
An ambassadorship is a position
Amber Beach has a couple of major flaws.
Amber eyes are acceptable in lighter colored dogs, and a gray eye is preferred in blue dogs.
Amber eyes look out on the world with fascination and a near tangible sense of wonder.
Amber is colour.
Amber is people.
Amber is resin.
Amber is yellow
Amber is yellow.
Ambers are another example.
Ambers offers tours of the museum, telling stories based on years of research.
Some amber contains red, blue, or green.
Some amber procured on land is termed pit amber.
Amberjack are big pelagic fish.
Amberjack are structure loving fish.
Amberjacks are a schooling pelagic, species found in open water or around offshore reefs.
Amberjacks are a species of fish found in the Florida Gulf waters during various times of the year.
Amberjacks are jacks.
Amberjacks have concentrations of poisonous microscopic plankton in their flesh.
Amberjacks lays out more of a cocktail party than a happy hour.
Amberjacks prefer deep diving plugs and spoons trolled deep.
An amberjack is a jack
Ambiance allow for the integration of public tax records and maps with Listings.
Ambiance can be even more important than the food.
Ambiance is a condition
Ambiance is a hybrid system Which can be used purely as an on-line system.
Ambiance is a proven system.
Ambiance is conducive to eating.
Ambiance is environments.
Ambiance is exceptional, great Thai traditional decoration.
Ambiance is Good.
Ambiance is high tech and high energy.
Ambiance is important here.
Ambiance is largely a matter of taste, and authenticity is arguable.
Ambiance is stellar with traditional Mexican decor and tile and covered outdoor terrace.
Ambiance is terrific.
Ambiance is the newest show choir to entertain audiences at the high school.
Ambiance is the operative word here, both day and night.
Ambiance is the strongest suit here.
Ambiance is very relaxed, beautiful place.
Ambiance lends itself to an atmosphere of friendliness and fine dining.
Ambiance offers both upscale and medium priced shoes.
Ambiance ranges from exquisite to bizarre.
Ambience also is part of Cleveland's new place.
Ambience can serve both the romantic interlude or the business entertainment.
Ambience has a celestial touch.
Ambience is a condition
Ambience is built through storytelling and performance.
Ambience is everything in any nightspot.
Ambience is fantastic.
Ambience is great.
Ambience is important, but expensive decor is unnecessary.
Ambience is important.
Ambience is very important to a good recording.
Ambience leads to effortless conversation against a backdrop of piano or guitar music.
Ambience only goes so far on an empty stomach.
Ambience plays a big part in the final sound of the music.
Ambience usually means the background sound accompanying a scene.
Some ambience leads back into the catch tune very beautifully.
Ambient aerosols contain hundreds of chemical species.
Ambient air goes in one end and oxygen miraculously comes out the other.
Ambient air has a vapor density of one.
Ambient air infiltrating the dryer is one of the major causes of condensate.
Ambient air is drawn into the chamber by a pump.
Ambient air is pumped through the well water.
Ambient air is purified by a chemical cartridge, canister, or particulate filter.
Ambient air is the most common in automotive use.
Ambient air passes through a bio-filter that uses compost for odor control.
Ambient calcium concentration affects production.
Ambient calcium concentration affects prolactin production.
Ambient cancellation is the secret.
Ambient cars have no friction.
Ambient color is just the color an object appears in the abscence of any light sources.
Ambient color is the color an object has if no light falls on it.
Ambient concentration affects production.
Ambient concentration affects prolactin production.
Most ambient concentration affects production.
Most ambient concentration affects prolactin production.
Ambient conditions are a factor.
Ambient conditions are important, for sure.
Ambient conditions change the stress on a cable, and the stress alters the cable's birefringence.
Many ambient conditions control the germination and subsequent development of a plant.
Ambient detail is subtle but involving.
Ambient information gives a much more real sense of space.
Ambient light acts as a negative bias in terms of opacity.
Ambient light causes screen surface reflections when it is reflected back at the viewer.
Ambient light comes from a diffuse, nondirectional source of light.
Ambient light is fine.
Ambient light is kept low during the performances for optimum viewing.
Ambient light is light that is scattered everywhere in the room.
Ambient light is non-directional light.
Ambient light is present everywhere in the scene except in the background.
Ambient light is provided largely by ubiquitous white candles on black cast iron candelabras.
Ambient light is scattered on objects equally in all directions.
Ambient light is specified as a percentage of the objects color.
Ambient light makes photography of the entire wall quite difficult.
Ambient light provides general lighting.
Ambient light provides uniform adjustable illumination independent of viewing direction.
Ambient lights illuminate an entire scene.
Most ambient light comes from televisions.
Ambient lighting controls the lighting of the entire scene.
Ambient lighting covers the entire area, while task lighting is directed to a specific area.
Ambient lighting helps set the mood.
Ambient lighting is best, in our experience.
Ambient lighting is controlled by a motorized panel that covers the main windows.
Ambient lighting is designed for general lighting and low visual-demand tasks.
Ambient lighting is the general room lighting that is typically supplied by overhead fixtures.
Ambient lighting is the rule of the day, really adding to the already-massive effect of the map.
Ambient lighting provides general illumination in a space.
Ambient measurement is very costly but for various reasons is the only option.
Ambient music comes from two sources.
Ambient music is covered only to some extent.
Ambient music is intended to induce calm and a space to think.
Ambient music sounds a lot better on the system.
Much ambient music is meant as background music.
Ambient noise adds to the mood, while resounding weapon effects drive each shot home.
Ambient noise combines with verbal utterances and can confuse the recognition software.
Ambient noise interferes with auscultatory blood pressure measurements during exercise.
Ambient noise is another major problem.
Ambient noise is okay, but there's no bass action.
Ambient noise is realistic, providing the courtroom scenes with that distinctive interior echo.
Ambient noise is really effective, almost to the point of being distracting.
Ambient noises are also present.
Ambient radiation is assumed to be environmental gamma rays.
Ambient seawater passes across light organ during normal ventilatory processes.
Ambient signals can cause problems.
Ambient sound does most of the work.
Ambient sound includes all sound recorded simultaneously with images.
Ambient sound is excellent, as is the soundtrack.
Ambient sound is sound which sounds the same all around.
Ambient sound is used nicely.
Ambient sounds are great.
Ambient sounds are just background noises like music, crashing waves, a howling wind, etc.
Ambient sounds are nice enough throughout the realms.
Ambient sounds are pretty good though.
Ambient sounds are rather on the rare side though.
Ambient sounds are useful, but remember, space is a quiet place.
Ambient sounds are very good complete with wind howling in the arctic missions.
Ambient sounds fill the environments and are always appropriate.
Ambient sounds remain, and some sprites have sounds on their own.
Some ambient sound is present.
Ambient temperature influences the population count of frogs.
Ambient temperature is acceptable for shipment.
Ambient temperature is fine.
Ambient temperature is the A. air temperature where a piece of equipment is located.
Ambient temperature is the temperature of the air or material in contact with the adhesive.
Ambient temperatures seem to be a key factor, as it likes to be warm.
Some ambient temperature affects consumption.
Some ambient temperature affects feed consumption.
Some ambient temperature is near boundaries.
Some ambient temperature is near lower boundaries.
Ambiguities also arise in certain structural configurations.
Ambiguities are among the most difficult faults to eliminate.
Ambiguities are common.
Ambiguities are deliberate, and a solution has been supplied.
Ambiguities are deliberate, but a solution has been provided.
Ambiguities are the last resident evil.
Ambiguities are to be construed against the insurer, who is the drafter of the contract.
Ambiguities are to be resolved in favor of eligibility to office. . . .
Ambiguities are unwelcome here.
Ambiguities arise in interrogating the fringe patterns.
Ambiguities arising from multiple connotations Clearly ambiguities are rife.
Ambiguities can arise when the display pointer is moved, or when the contents of a document change.
Ambiguities can arise when Turkish speakers take short cuts with the language.
Ambiguities can lead to unequal treatment of taxpayers.
Ambiguities lie behind the claims and counterclaims.
Ambiguities make accurate platform targeting and missile guidance difficult.
Ambiguities occur in both cases during recall of such trajectories.
Ambiguities occur in the cells whose vertex set show many sign alternations.
Ambiguities occur when multiple candidates are found in a search area defined by the epipolar line.
Ambiguities put monarchy at risk, unmanage the manageable, disorder the instruments of order.
Ambiguities remain here.
Ambiguity also arises with polymorphic types.
Ambiguity also concerns the strength of the claim being made.
Ambiguity becomes inevitable.
Ambiguity breeds distrust and a loss of credibility.
Ambiguity brings adventure to Web searches.
Ambiguity can be good.
Ambiguity can be semantical, referential or syntactical.
Ambiguity can be very effective for generating thought.
Ambiguity can indicate either impaired androgen synthesis or reduced sensitivity .
Ambiguity can lead to miscalculation that, in turn, can lead to war.
Ambiguity can lead to trouble.
Ambiguity concedes to clarity.
Ambiguity confuses the mind's eye for a delicious instant.
Ambiguity defines the richness of our intellectual lives.
Ambiguity develops when one ear has both conductive and sensorineural hearing loss.
Ambiguity exists if a contract provision is reasonably susceptible to more than one interpretation.
Ambiguity exists if reasonable persons can find different meanings in a statute, document, etc.
Ambiguity exists if the contract is reasonably susceptible to more than one meaning.
Ambiguity exists only where there is uncertainty as to the meaning of the language.
Ambiguity exists where the language is reasonably susceptible to more than one meaning.
Ambiguity fixing provides sub-centimeter accuracy for baseline vector processing.
Ambiguity has a strong attractive power.
Ambiguity has a way of creeping into the most unlikely places.
Ambiguity has another sense, however.
Ambiguity is a comment element.
Ambiguity is a dangerous technique in poetry.
Ambiguity is a fatal flaw in all forms of art.
Ambiguity is a problem more of sentences than of individual words.
Ambiguity is a problem.
Ambiguity is a structural feature of any language, and by extension, of any law.
Ambiguity is a virtue and clarity a vice. . .
Ambiguity is a wonderful thing in fine art, but it has no place in a user-oriented web space.
Ambiguity is absent, since codons code for only one amino acid.
Ambiguity is actually an asset in certain cases.
Ambiguity is an important element in much contemporary art.
Ambiguity is an important representation of uncertain knowledge.
Ambiguity is another major source of risk.
Ambiguity is at a minimum.
Ambiguity Is Certainly Useful.
Ambiguity is defined as uncertainty about the probability of an outcome.
Ambiguity is difficult.
Ambiguity is eliminated using grouping symbols and the order of operations rule.
Ambiguity is endemic to the business.
Ambiguity is everywhere.
Ambiguity is expression
Ambiguity is good for building up the fan base, after all.
Ambiguity is hypothesized to cause the processing of a sentence to be more difficult.
Ambiguity is more or less undesirable.
Ambiguity is mostly in short supply in the contrary realm of photojournalism.
Ambiguity is no policy at all and can be quite dangerous.
Ambiguity is often what the story is all about.
Ambiguity is our enemy.
Ambiguity is perhaps the one constant within human experience.
Ambiguity is sayings.
Ambiguity is sometimes useful.
Ambiguity is the ever-present enemy of clarity.
Ambiguity is the key.
Ambiguity is the norm.
Ambiguity is the poet's crucible, the scholar's refuge, the pedant's scourge.
Ambiguity is the tar pit of headline writers.
Ambiguity is troublesome.
Ambiguity is used to back down from previous positions.
Ambiguity is very, very bad.
Ambiguity kills accountability.
Ambiguity leads to a spirit of tolerance toward the world and false religions.
Ambiguity leads to misunderstandings and law suits.
Ambiguity makes life harder.
Ambiguity means having two or more meanings.
Ambiguity means that the sentence or a word in the sentence has more than one meaning.
Ambiguity never ceases to be interactive.
Ambiguity now exists in some areas of the code as to who has decision-making authority.
Ambiguity occurs from role compounding, which results from unclear expectations.
Ambiguity only leads to misunderstanding and trouble.
Ambiguity plays largely in modern literature.
Ambiguity poses one problem.
Ambiguity reigns till metaphor becomes evident.
Ambiguity spins our compass.
Ambiguity suggests that reasonable persons can find different meanings in the same language.
Ambiguity threatens patients' safety.
Ambiguity often leads to miscalculation which can then can lead to war.
Ambiguity often requires the requirements specification to be amended.
Any ambiguities are to be construed against the drafter and in favor of the insured.
Any ambiguity is detectable as an error.
Some ambiguities can arise with de-localised charge systems, and with some metal complexes.
Some ambiguity exists regarding indentation.
Ambiguous abbreviations result in an error message.
Ambiguous characters require context to resolve their width.
Ambiguous clause allows use of extrinsic evidence.
Ambiguous Conditions Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Ambiguous contexts arise frequently in numeric expressions.
Ambiguous events are often stressful.
Ambiguous forms create confusion or, sometimes, laughter.
Ambiguous genitalia can be a traumatizing experience for parents.
Ambiguous genitalia is observed in children with a number of different genetic disorders.
Ambiguous grammars can be a problem if the different rules make different slot assignments.
Ambiguous grammars can make parsing difficult.
Ambiguous names muddle the result of operations such as copying a name space across the network.
Ambiguous objectives are the reverse.
Ambiguous patterns are examples of two-state, bimodal systems in psychology.
Ambiguous patterns are two-state systems.
Some ambiguous points require queries to the author of the policy.
Ambiguous questions are much more difficult to answer and are usually put at the bottom of the list.
Ambiguous questions are unclear and unfair.
Ambiguous questions generate unreliable answers.
Ambiguous questions produce ambiguous answers.
Ambiguous situations are a second deficiency illustrated here.
Ambiguous situations are intriguing and to be welcomed.
Ambiguous situations are sometimes a matter of judgment.
Ambiguous situations are unsettling and to be avoided.
Ambiguous stimuli tend to be seen in ways biased by the context.
Ambiguous winners seem to be the new thing in boxing.
Ambiguous words are to be eliminated and to be replaced by unambiguous ones.
Ambiguous words have many alternative senses in the lexicon, for example.
Ambiguous words have several meanings.
Ambiguous words have two or more different definitions, so they can mean two different things.
Ambiguous writing can be, and has been, the cause of expensive litigation.
Ambisonic encoding is of course easily provided synthetically by ambisonic pan-pots, etc.
Ambit creates a fusion between capital and ideas to produce value.
Ambit delivers full strength advertising for definitive, well-planned results.
Ambit holds an edge with it's higher capacity and built-in static timing engine.
Ambit is no exception.
An ambit is extent
Ambition Be ambitious.
Ambition becomes destructive at the moment it treads on the rights of others.
Ambition bites the nails of success, or something.
Ambition breeds ambition.
Ambition can be a positive quality.
Ambition can be a powerful motivating force but it can also be a corrosive poison.
Ambition can be a strong driving force in any human being who wants to be at the top.
Ambition can be dangerous.
Ambition CAN be very good, and is the fuel of accomplishment.
Ambition can creep as well as soar.
Ambition can find no place in a virtuous or humble heart.
Ambition carries hidden dangers.
Ambition crosses racial categories.
Ambition goes down, sex goes down, everything goes down.
Ambition is a dangerous thing because it disturbs the peace.
Ambition is a desire for influence and rising in a field of endeavor.
Ambition is a dogged persistence towards a goal to accomplish something.
Ambition is a dream .
Ambition is a false god.
Ambition is a far-reaching concept and a distinctive goal for social democrats.
Ambition is a fine propellent for the rocket scientist minds of the computer industry.
Ambition is a fine thing.
Ambition is a funny thing.
Ambition is a good servant but a bad master.
Ambition is a good thing and young players have a taste for winning.
Ambition is a good thing.
Ambition is a hard taskmaster.
Ambition is a lust that is never quenched, but grows more inflamed and madder by enjoyment.
Ambition is a necessary ingredient to success.
Ambition is a passion.
Ambition is ashes.
Ambition is but avarice on stilts and masked.
Ambition is disciplined and assertive.
Ambition is essential.
Ambition is fine when the restaurant measures up.
Ambition is fundamental in pursuing higher education.
Ambition is high.
Ambition is highlighted but confusion can also be present.
Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap.
Ambition is perfectly legitimate.
Ambition is responsible and respectful.
Ambition is stunted.
Ambition is the avarice of power.
Ambition is the desire to make a difference.
Ambition is the immoderate desire of power.
Ambition is the key to growth.
Ambition is the last infirmity of noble minds.
Ambition is the last refuge of failure.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
Ambition is the root of all achievement.
Ambition Is the site substantial.
Ambition is to hit a decent backhand shot before the year is out.
Ambition is to live in the middle of forty acres and come to town once a month for coffee and sugar.
Ambition is to win lottery and move out to Jackson Hole.
Ambition is usually the first consideration, money the second.
Ambition is viewed as a good asset.
Ambition is worse.
Ambition isa desire.
Ambition knows no family.
Ambition loses many a man.
Ambition makes all sorts of things happen.
Ambition makes the same mistake concerning power that avarice makes concerning wealth.
Ambition Never Dies.
Ambition operates as a canonical impediment in the following circumstances.
Ambition plagues the inarticulate hardest.
Ambition requires something more than ego and a facile tongue.
Ambition seems to vary substantially with the liking a person has for their current career field.
Ambition takes precedence over compassion, greed is their driving force.
Ambitions are desire.
Ambitions are drives.
Ambitions are high.
Ambitions are the perogative of the bored.
Ambitions are time-bounded, but pains endure in the spirit.
Ambitions cause a desire to play sports.
Ambitions cause a desire to studies.
An ambition is desire
Ambitious aim is to provide a full set of analysis methods for expression and sequence data.
Ambitious clients turn into risk-shy investment companies.
Ambitious college graduates with a major in health education are welcome to apply.
Ambitious families can connect the loops and complete an eight-mile ride.
Ambitious gardeners can force soil temperatures higher by using plastic.
Ambitious generals push.
Ambitious goals are often easier to accomplish than limited ones.
Ambitious individuals are more likely to achieve success in life.
Ambitious kids can construct an entire town.
Ambitious ladies gossip and scheme.
Ambitious learners can begin using html, which allows linking to the work of others.
Every ambitious man is a captive and every covetous one a pauper.
Ambitious people are out there connecting.
Ambitious people can look through the code.
Ambitious people can put exercises on line.
Ambitious people have a tendency to become focused to a fault.
Ambitious people plan for the dynamic future.
Every ambitious person is a captive and every covetous one a pauper.
Ambitious plans abound for space mapping to come.
Ambitious plans are in store.
Ambitious plans are under way to link doctors, HMOs and insurers via the Web.
Ambitious plans can lead to rich rewards for both America and Africa.
More ambitious plans call for complete privatization of schools.
Some ambitious plans soar into New York s craggy skyline and some remain holes in the rocky earth.
Most ambitious programs fail because of poor implementation and project management.
More ambitious programmers can also alter any of the .asp pages.
Many ambitious projects are underway to make significant primary sources available over the web.
Some ambitious projects cover a very broad spectrum of problems.
Ambitious prosecutors are often free to play to stereotypical beliefs about homosexuals.
Some ambitious psychiatrists ought to take note.
Ambitious pups dig holes to nowhere and humans laugh seeing themselves.
More ambitious riders can cover more miles before start or after finish.
More ambitious schools can prepare individually negotiated weekly assignments with each students.
Ambitious sites require a god's eye view.
Some ambitious souls shoot for the biggest prizes of all.
Ambitious startups benefit from our experience with large organizations.
Ambitious students can take on externships.
Most ambitious students find long term career paths from their internship experience.
Ambitious teachers can take the next step into administrative jobs, where pay and status are higher.
Ambitious users can create customized graphics.
Ambitious users can specify a number of options.
Ambitious women flaunt their assets in the hope of securing the attention of a wealthy bachelor.
Ambivalence also reigns in Russia.
Ambivalence has sound and image for now, video and non-academic writing soon.
Ambivalence here is understandable.
Ambivalence is a great sin.
Ambivalence is a major impediment to quitting.
Ambivalence is a primary fact.
Ambivalence is a struggle that results from the consideration of many possibilities.
Ambivalence is adequate.
Ambivalence is emotion.
Ambivalence is even more intolerable.
Ambivalence is feeling
Ambivalence is feelings.
Ambivalence is normal.
Ambivalence is one major reason.
Ambivalence is one of the biggest hallmarks of a size transition, and it is a horrible place to be.
Ambivalence is one thing, fish-hooks something else.
Ambivalence is particularly common.
Ambivalence is the order of the day.
Ambivalence reigns American voters are ambivalent on whether they want change or continuity.
Any ambivalence disappears, however, when the music begins.
Ambivalent adults become overly dependant and demanding on their partners and friends.
Ambivalent attachment is the cause of our wish to destroy nations and cultures.
Amblyopia can effect almost everyone, but it is most prevalent among children and infants.
Amblyopia can run in families.
An amblyopia is disability
Amblyopone species are usually active beneath the ground.
Ambrosia beetles lack the spine .
Ambrosia beetles lay eggs on young stems and the larvae induce dieback during the winter.
Ambrosia beetles make holes that allow other fungi to enter.
Ambrosia isa mixture.
An ambrosia is dessert
More ambrosia awaits in the main courses.
Ambrosian chant is less cultivated but maybe fresher.
Ambroxia beetles drill pinholes in the wood and move right in.
Ambulance crews help employees.
Ambulance drivers come quicker.
Ambulance service includes helicopter life-flight service.
Ambulance service is available for emergencies.
Ambulance service is available on the major islands, but is limited in more remote locations.
Ambulance service is available, as is air and chopper ambulance, including international service.
Ambulance service is available.
Ambulance service is contracted during special events.
Ambulance service is contracted out each year.
Ambulance service is essential to a community.
Ambulance service is expensive to provide.
Ambulance service is for emergencies ONLY .
Ambulance service is provided by a private firm.
Ambulance service is provided by a volunteer force.
Ambulance service is provided county-wide by a private service company.
Ambulance service is readily available to the entire county.
Ambulance service is readily available, as are the services of several modern clinics.
Ambulance services are available if needed.
Ambulance services are available throughout the ride for serious injuries.
Ambulance services are available.
Ambulance services base their fees on a predetermined rate schedule.
All ambulance services have personnel who are trained in defibrillation.
All ambulance services train internally.
Most ambulance service is provided by volunteer and privately owned ambulance corps.
Ambulance squads improve their financial status.
Ambulance are ambient techno, but seem to have more of a sense of hook and melody than most.
Ambulance calls far surpass fire engine dispatches in recent years.
Ambulance comes along and tells the two guys the cop was an escapee from a mental asylum.
Ambulance comes down a busy blvd.
Ambulance gets a clear road.
Ambulance isa auto.
Ambulance isa automobile.
Ambulance isa car.
Ambulances already carry more advanced, multi-usage defibrillators.
Ambulances are cars.
Ambulances are great for people who love busses and love gadgets.
Ambulances are life or death for many people.
Ambulances are scarce, so most patients have to pay for a taxi.
Ambulances are sent out by emergency medical dispatchers .
Ambulances are sent out by emergency medical dispatchers.
Ambulances are to arrive quickly.
Ambulances are unable to transport injured to hospitals.
Ambulances are used for drives.
Ambulances are used for rushs.
Ambulances are used for transport.
Ambulances are well equipped to provide emergency care for people who are having heart attacks.
Ambulances arrive sooner as locations are known and easily accessible.
Ambulances can get right up to the doors for maximum efficiency.
Ambulances cause injuries.
Ambulances come and go.
Ambulances do crash and have high morbidity and mortality per mile traveled.
Ambulances glide past flatbed trucks loaded with building materials.
Ambulances go unrepaired for lack of spare parts.
Ambulances have (part) accelerators.
Ambulances have (part) air bags.
Ambulances have (part) auto accessories.
Ambulances have (part) automobile batteries.
Ambulances have (part) automobile engines.
Ambulances have (part) automobile trunks.
Ambulances have (part) backs.
Ambulances have (part) bases.
Ambulances have (part) brake bands.
Ambulances have (part) brake light.
Ambulances have (part) brake systems.
Ambulances have (part) bumper guards.
Ambulances have (part) bumpers.
Ambulances have (part) cabs.
Ambulances have (part) car batteries.
Ambulances have (part) car doors.
Ambulances have (part) car mirrors.
Ambulances have (part) car seats.
Ambulances have (part) car wheels.
Ambulances have (part) ceilings.
Ambulances have (part) cylinder blocks.
Ambulances have (part) emergency brakes.
Ambulances have (part) engine blocks.
Ambulances have (part) fan belts.
Ambulances have (part) fans.
Ambulances have (part) fuel gauges.
Ambulances have (part) fuel indicators.
Ambulances have (part) fuel lines.
Ambulances have (part) fuel systems.
Ambulances have (part) fulcrums.
Ambulances have (part) gas gages.
Ambulances have (part) gas gauges.
Ambulances have (part) gas lines.
Ambulances have (part) gas tanks.
Ambulances have (part) gasoline engines.
Ambulances have (part) gasoline gages.
Ambulances have (part) gasoline gauges.
Ambulances have (part) gasoline tanks.
Ambulances have (part) gear levers.
Ambulances have (part) glove compartments.
Ambulances have (part) hand brakes.
Ambulances have (part) head restraint.
Ambulances have (part) headlamps.
Ambulances have (part) hinges.
Ambulances have (part) hood ornaments.
Ambulances have (part) horn buttons.
Ambulances have (part) horns.
Ambulances have (part) hubs.
Ambulances have (part) infrastructures.
Ambulances have (part) luggage compartments.
Ambulances have (part) odometers.
Ambulances have (part) petrol engines.
Ambulances have (part) petrol gages.
Ambulances have (part) petrol gauges.
Ambulances have (part) petrol lines.
Ambulances have (part) petrol tanks.
Ambulances have (part) poppets.
Ambulances have (part) power trains.
Ambulances have (part) rear lamps.
Ambulances have (part) rear light.
Ambulances have (part) rear windows.
Ambulances have (part) roof peaks.
Ambulances have (part) room light.
Ambulances have (part) seat belts.
Ambulances have (part) second gear.
Ambulances have (part) sections.
Ambulances have (part) speedometers.
Ambulances have (part) suspension systems.
Ambulances have (part) tail fins.
Ambulances have (part) tail lamps.
Ambulances have (part) thermostats.
Ambulances have (part) transmission systems.
Ambulances have (part) voltage regulators.
Ambulances have (part) walls.
Ambulances have (part) windshields.
Ambulances have (part) wipers.
Ambulances have a crescent moon replacing the traditional red cross.
Ambulances have many blind spots and have to carry patients.
Ambulances leave driveways.
Ambulances likewise remain idle after breaking down.
Ambulances live in 'dog years' compared to other vehicles.
Ambulances operate from a base and respond to calls when answered.
Ambulances race off.
Ambulances rush the desperately sick to the sites of the best care.
Ambulances take first wounded students to area hospitals, all of whom managed to run outside.
Ambulances take first wounded students, all of whom managed to run outside, to area hospitals.
Ambulances take several hours to respond.
Ambulances take students wounded first, all of whom managed to run outside, to area hospitals.
Ambulances take the first wounded students to area hospitals.
Ambulances take the first wounded students, all of whom managed to run outside to area hospitals.
Ambulances take the first wounded students, all of whom managed to run outside, to area hospitals.
An ambulance is a car
Ambulances often take longer to arrive.
All ambulances are advanced life support ve hicles.
More ambulances arrive.
Most ambulances can carry two of the restraint systems in back.
Most ambulances leave driveways.
Some ambulances are still at the Egyptian side of the borders with Palestine.
Ambulances service is available.
Ambulant runners compete in the same manner as non-disabled runners.
Ambulation becomes difficult and eventually impossible without a wheelchair.
Ambulation is a walk
Ambulatory anesthesia advances into the new millennium.
Ambulatory care is a special focus of the clinical years.
Ambulatory care is an important and emphasized part of the combined curriculum.
Ambulatory care is provided for patients in medicine and psychiatry.
Ambulatory care is quite different than hospital nursing.
Ambulatory dermatology is emphasized.
Ambulatory experience is provided through the intern ambulatory block and elective rotations.
Ambulatory management is possible only with highly compliant patients.
Ambulatory medicine is an essential part of resident training.
Ambulatory monitoring is a very important diagnostic test.
Ambulatory monitoring is, therefore, a better method to detect white coat hypertension.
Ambulatory monitoring requires patients to wear a small non-invasive device.
Ambulatory surgery allows the patient to return home the same day as the surgery.
Ambulatory surgery is a practical alternative for many people having elective surgery.
Ambulatory surgery is a team effort.
Ambulatory surgery is required for certain procedures.
Ambulatory teaching is formalized with a curriculum of core articles and lectures.
Ambulatory training occurs in a variety of sites.
Ambulatory remains stable, slightly above the state norm.
An ambulatory is a walk
Ambush points are the best location to get a boat load.
Ambushes are frequent and alertness is essential.
Ambushes can only take place in wilderness hexes.
Ambushes fish or hangs out with mouth agape and waits for an unsuspecting meal.
Ambushes prey, engulfing unwary crabs and small fish in broad mouth.
Ambushes seems to be another popular tactic among the aliens.
An ambush is an attack
Ambushings are ambushings.
Amebas are chemotactic, attracting neutrophils in the circulation.
Amebas are single-celled organisms that continually change shape and engulf food particles.
Amebas eat bacteria in the soil.
Amebas live in fresh and marine waters and the upper layers of soil.
Amebas move by extruding themselves in the direction they want to go.
Amebas occur in most aquatic or moist habitats including soil and in symbiosis with other organisms.
An ameba is a protozoan
Amebiasis can be fatal, especially to infants and children.
Amebiasis can cause both intraluminal and disseminated disease.
Amebiasis is a leading parasitic cause of death.
Amebiasis is a parasitic infection of the large intestine.
Amebiasis is another disease which can cause proctitis and can be transmitted by ano-oral sex.
Amebiasis is common in tropical areas where living conditions are crowded and sanitation is poor.
Amebiasis is contagious.
Amebiasis is contracted by swallowing the cyst stage of the parasite in contaminated food or water.
Amebiasis is infection
Amebiasis is more common and more severe in subtropical and tropical areas.
Amebiasis is treatable with antibiotics.
Amebiasis is treated with antibacterial medications.
Amebiasis is treated with medicine.
Amebiasis occurs throughout the world from tropical to subpolar.
Amebic dysentery is caused by a tiny, one-celled animal.
Amelanotic melanoma represents a particular diagnostic pitfall.
Amelia Island is a barrier island on the northeastern most corner of Florida.
Amelia Island is an absolutely spectacular vacation spot.
Amelia Island is filled with suitable habitats for the green tree frog.
Amelia Island is home to a variety of wildlife.
Amelia Island is in route during spring and fall.
Amelia Island is Located Just off the Northeastern Tip of Florida.
Amelia Island is rich with beauty and heritage and welcomes visitors with open arms.
Amelia Island is the northernmost barrier island on Florida's Atlantic Coast.
Amelia Island is the only territory in American history to serve under eight flags.
Amelia Island offers an array of private homes, condominiums, resorts, inns and campgrounds.
Amelia also has a special interest in helping other business women become web savvy.
Amelia also takes the time to make popcorn balls.
Amelia becomes a volunteer nurse in Toronto, Canada.
Amelia does the dishes.
Amelia has a cat.
Amelia has no plans to marry anyone.
Amelia has substantial engineering improvements over Xavier.
Amelia has very mixed feelings.
Amelia is a charming but extremely literal-minded storybook maid.
Amelia is a college teacher who dresses very conservatively.
Amelia is a dancing girl.
Amelia is a destination for offshore and back country fishing.
Amelia is a dynamic PC promoter.
Amelia is a grapefruit.
Amelia is a great agent.
Amelia is a hilltop town with a mediaeval quarter, Roman remains, and pre-Roman ramparts.
Amelia is a self-centered woman whose sole desire is to go to the ball.
Amelia is a single parent with four children.
Amelia is a very loving and caring child and enjoys helping others.
Amelia is a well designed, rugged boat, well suited for single handing.
Amelia is also brave and at times physically aggressive.
Amelia is an adult female peregrine falcon - one of the few found in Connecticut.
Amelia is an adult female peregrine falcon - one of the few found nesting in Connecticut.
Amelia is an attacking batsman.
Amelia is an external PhD student whose PhD thesis has recently been accepted.
Amelia is an honors student and loves to live life.
Amelia is believable and delightful.
Amelia is brave, loyal, and a very caring individual.
Amelia is cute without being too precious, too.
Amelia is distraught.
Amelia is everybody's neighbor.
Amelia is in dark glasses, trenchcoat.
Amelia is located southeast of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Amelia is more than a female aviator today.
Amelia is no problem.
Amelia is one of Florida's best kept secrets.
Amelia is one of the most interesting and delightful characters in the mystery genre.
Amelia is only four, and so full of passion for life.
Amelia is our precious angel and loves to be cuddled and sing songs.
Amelia is remembered as someone who was brave and courageous.
Amelia is served by three medical facilities.
Amelia is shown as cop.
Amelia is the best of both worlds, really.
Amelia is the super-cute member of the team, introduced about halfway into the series.
Amelia is very outgoing and adventurous .
Amelia is when an entire limb fails to develop.
Amelia lacks size and needs a point guard to emerge.
Amelia leaves on family business.
Amelia likes to write and draw .
Amelia looks really zoned out for some reason.
Amelia now has a weblog as well.
Amelia seems to flip between imaginative conspiracy and reality mode.
Amelia steps out of a limo and convinces the chauffeur to drive away.
Amelias are birth defects.
An amelia is a congenital abnormality
Amelioration is improvement
Amelioration is permitted only at the bonded wine premises where the natural wine is produced.
Some amelioration is visible, too, as regards the quality of river waters.
Ameloblasts are cells which participate in the formation of enamel.
Ameloblasts are derived from oral epithelium tissue of ectodermal origin.
Ameloblasts are embryonic cells.
Ameloblasts arise from epithelium, the oral epithelium.
Ameloblasts mainly make enamel, whereas odontoblasts make dentin.
An ameloblast is a cell
Ameloblastic carcinoma is an unusual tumour.
Amelogenesis begins adjacent to forming dentin and proceeds to incisal edge.
Amelogenesis imperfecta, an autosomal dominant disease, causes severe enamel hypoplasia.
An amelogenesis is growth
Amended language is shown by underlining and strike-out.
Amended laws address computer network security.
Amended motion passes viva voce.
Amended petition corrects clerical errors.
Amended plans call for the white tube to lie next to the shore.
Amended process requires a fee charge.
Amended Returns Go here to find out what is needed for an amended tax return .
An amended return is a return
Amendment abolishes slavery and involuntary servitude.
Amendment adds claims for relieve for payment of costs and attorneys fees.
Amendment allows for increases, additions and revisions of special course and general service fees.
Amendment also deletes language that is found in statute.
Amendment applies for as long as information is maintained in designated record set.
Amendment apply the bill's suspension of fines to state-run federal enforcement programs.
Amendment dies for lack of second.
Amendment has no substantial effect on other sections of the Constitution.
Amendment is amended by amendment and further amended, then more ADs with amendments.
Amendment is by majority vote of the legislative body and by referendum.
Amendment is handled in accordance with Article VIII of the Constitution.
Amendment is part of that procedure.
Amendment is possible even when the simple voice vote can be used.
Amendment is tabled.
Amendment meets opposition .
Amendment note below.
Amendment notes below.
Amendment passes by voice vote.
Amendment passes viva voce.
Amendment provides primarily for change in technical instructions and evaluation criteria.
Amendments Allow a provision for amendments to the constitution.
Amendments also clarify and streamline agency procedures.
Amendments also discourage plant roots from exploring the surrounding native soil.
Amendments approved by the council are subject to the approval of the director of campus programs.
Amendments are additions, deletions, or changes to draft resolutions.
Amendments are also available online and are updated regularly.
Amendments are also to be made regarding the off-street parking.
Amendments are changes in motions.
Amendments are changes in the ordinance.
Amendments are common.
Amendments are corrections.
Amendments are current as of the date of digitizing.
Amendments are debatable if what is being amended is debatable.
Amendments are effective immediately after approval by membership vote.
Amendments are effective immediately upon adoption.
Amendments are effective immediately upon approval.
Amendments are effective upon publication.
Amendments are effective upon ratification.
Amendments are effective without notice.
Amendments are formal changes that can alter significantly the content of a bill.
Amendments are likely.
Amendments are necessary to guard against unintended impacts.
Amendments are necessary.
Amendments are official once a majority vote has been achieved.
Amendments are pending.
Amendments are possible only in cases of formal motions.
Amendments are statements.
Amendments are subject to a two-thirds vote of the student body voting on said amendments.
Amendments are to be agreed in writing.
Amendments are ways in which to change a bill.
Amendments become effective immediately following a favorable ballot, unless otherwise specified.
Amendments become effective immediately following the action of the leadership team.
Amendments become effective immediately upon ratification.
Amendments become effective upon their ratification.
Amendments become law.
Amendments can come in so handy sometimes.
Amendments can either increase or decrease the areas and issues that the bill affects.
Amendments can entirely replace a motion with another motion related to the same subject.
Amendments can make clay soil looser or sandy soil hold water better.
Amendments can remove words , add words , or change words from motions .
Amendments can remove words, add words, or change words from motions.
Amendments come up every three hours.
Amendments create a new motion.
Amendments create air space in the soil and promote greater root growth for the grass.
Amendments deal with hoisting devices, contact with overhead electrical sources, etc.
Amendments go beyond that to visions connected with the general interest of the homeland.
Amendments have to be presented in writing to be voted on at regular business meeting.
Amendments make current land owner liable even if they had do role in or knowledge of contamination.
Amendments notes below.
Amendments proposed by the president seek to establish guidelines for political parties.
Amendments receiving an affirmative majority of votes at the annual meeting take effect immediately.
Amendments remain bracketed.
Amendments require specific source citations and rationale.
Amendments require that county welfare departments tell applicants about available reading services.
Amendments reset the delayed closing clock.
Amendments take a majority vote for adoption.
Amendments then become effective immediately.
An amendment is a correction
Amendments often refer to changes in line numbers.
All amendments are in compliance with the state's financial accounting guidelines.
All amendments are independently quality controlled.
All amendments are subject to the approval of the executive committee.
All amendments are subject to the approval of the majority of the general membership.
All amendments are subject to the regular public hearing process.
All amendments comply with state accounting requirements.
All amendments require a majority vote of the membership present.
Any amendment is a motion and can be debated and voted upon.
Any amendment requires a super-majority of four votes.
Any amendments require the approval of a two-thirds majority of the parliament.
Every amendment offers something new in fleshing out the clause.
Many amendments are, in fact, government amendments.
Many amendments have to be brought forward.
Most amendments are to make changes to financial data fields.
Some amendments are obvious.
Amenities abound .
Amenities abound and include central air conditioning, fresh water pool.
Amenities abound here.
Amenities abound in the living, dining, and kitchen areas.
Amenities abound in the spacious kitchen.
Amenities abound, rewarding the homeowner, family and guests alike.
Amenities abound, with beach access for swimmers and basketball and tennis courts for the athletes.
Amenities also offer a children's program.
Amenities are a guard-gated community, club house and recreation building, fitness, pool, and spa.
Amenities are a top priority.
Amenities are all around.
Amenities are already in place and underground.
Amenities are basic but functional.
Amenities are basic, too, but the child-care service can come in handy.
Amenities are comfortable including hot bush showers and cooking facilities.
Amenities are endless.
Amenities are facilities.
Amenities are few but the remote nature of the area is worth it.
Amenities are good.
Amenities are great.
Amenities are in each bathroom.
Amenities are just about the best at sea.
Amenities are key issues The most common complaints involve amenities.
Amenities are less important than they used to be, say, five years ago.
Amenities are limited to toilets and drinking water.
Amenities are minimal.
Amenities are plentiful.
Amenities are subject to downtime.
Amenities are too numerous to list.
Amenities are truly deluxe.
Amenities are truly special.
Amenities are within walking distance.
Amenities block for campers.
Amenities can also include horseback riding, painting, cooking courses and catered meals.
Amenities can include restrooms, showers, electricity and water.
Amenities can usually include pool, laundry, game room, and fitness center.
Amenities Click on thumbnails to enlarge photos.
Amenities cover a wide spectrum of opportunities.
Amenities Docks for rental boats and jet skiis.
Amenities exist for every personal taste.
Amenities help attract and keep high quality workers.
Amenities includ a hair salon for men and women.
Amenities includea full hot English breakfast, cable tv, robes, slippers.
Amenities includes a super-sized swim spa, large hot tub, exercise room, and guest laundry.
Amenities includes club house with indoor pool, spa, sauna and more.
Amenities including underground parking, car wash, hair salon and underground storage are available.
Amenities inlcude pool, kiddie pool, washerette, golf privileges.
Amenities nearby are grocery store, tennis, golf course and a restaurant.
Amenities offered by the hotel include concierge service and free parking.
Amenities overview and contact information for reservations.
Amenities planned include clubhouse, pool, bocci and tennis court.
Amenities range form the basic to the deluxe.
Amenities range from beaches, pools, and tennis courts to ski slopes, golf, hiking paths, and spas.
Amenities range from kayaks and tents to the luxury of a refurbished icebreaker.
Amenities range from private pools, hot tubs, jacuzzi tubs, fireplaces more.
Amenities range from standard to superior depending upon the room.
Amenities refer to the soap, paper towel, and feminine dispensers, and mirror.
Amenities run the gamut from full service dining to night skiing and an indoor pool.
Amenities Start the morning to take a swim in the lake from our private dock.
Amenities vary according to the unit.
Amenities vary among the hotels.
Amenities vary and include hot tubs, swimming pools, and hiking trails on the premises.
Amenities vary by property - please inquire.
Amenities vary by property please inquire.
Amenities vary by unit listed is the standard configuration available.
Amenities vary from hot tubs to health clubs.
Amenities vary from property to property.
Amenities vary from room to room and include private patio, large deck, oversized tub and fireplace.
Amenities vary per accommodation - ask for specifics.
Amenities vary quite a bit among schooners.
Amenities vary widely, with better designed corridors having street trees and wide sidewalks.
Amenities vary with each property.
Amenities vary with location.
Amenities vary, but many include at least water and electricity.
Amenities vary, please inquire as to specifics.
Amenities wear out, needs change and other things happen in an urban environment.
An amenity is sweetness
All amenities are available for pilots' convenience.
All amenities are available here, with hotels, good shopping and souvenir shops.
All amenities are available in larger communities in Utah, Colorado, and New Mexico.
All amenities are available in the Salt Lake Valley.
All amenities are available including spa and a driving range.
All amenities are available there, with hotels, good shopping and souvenir shops.
All amenities are close by.
All amenities are good.
All amenities are in place including telephone.
All amenities are nearby.
All amenities are within a few minutes walk.
All amenities are within walking distance.
Every amenity appears to be top of the line.
Every amenity is available.
Every amenity is in place.
Every amenity is offered, including hair driers and robes.
Every amenity is provided.
Many amenities are available for the caring of infants and toddlers.
Many amenities are available including concessions, lifeguards, toilets, and pay phones.
Many amenities are within walking distance from our buildings.
Many amenities characterize our residential facilities.
Many amenities stay with the home.
Most amenities are within walking distance.
Some amenities are seasonal and weather permitting.
Some amenities offered by the builder are tile entries, vaulted ceilings, art niches, etc.
Some amenities require a registration or activity fee.
Some amenities require added user fees.
Some amenities require advanced group arrangements.
Amenorrhea is a symptom
Amenorrhea is either primary or secondary.
Amenorrhea is symptoms.
Amenorrhea occurs if a woman misses three or more periods in a row.
Amenorrhea refers to irregular or absent menstrual periods.
Amenorrhea refers to the cessation of a women s menstrual cycle.
Amenorrhea returns when their training resumes.
Amensalistic interactions can induce dormancy or morphogenesis in the antagonized population.
Ament asks whether most people consider athletic fields development.
Ament is a farmer and rancher in Northeast Colorado.
Ament is one of fifty foley artists in the United States.
Aments are either male or female.
An ament is an inflorescence
Ameobalike cells consume bacteria.
All Amercian kids have to work in the mall at least once in there lifes.
Most Amereican schools have dress codes.
Amerian pikas are strict herbivores that feed on plants of all kinds.
America has (part) Alabama.
America has (part) Alaska.
America has (part) Albany.
America has (part) Amarillo.
America has (part) Arizona.
America has (part) Arkansas.
America has (part) Austin.
America has (part) Berkeley.
America has (part) Boston.
America has (part) Brunswick.
America has (part) California.
America has (part) Carolina.
America has (part) Chicago.
America has (part) Colorado.
America has (part) Columbia.
America has (part) Connecticut.
America has (part) Cooperstown.
America has (part) Dakota.
America has (part) Dallas.
America has (part) Delaware.
America has (part) Denver.
America has (part) Durham.
America has (part) Florida keys.
America has (part) Florida.
America has (part) Fresno.
America has (part) Georgia.
America has (part) Hawaii.
America has (part) Houston.
America has (part) Idaho.
America has (part) Illinois.
America has (part) Indiana.
America has (part) Iowa.
America has (part) Ithaca.
America has (part) Kansas.
America has (part) Kentucky.
America has (part) Louisiana.
America has (part) Lubbock.
America has (part) Maine.
America has (part) Maryland.
America has (part) Massachusetts.
America has (part) Michigan.
America has (part) middle wests.
America has (part) Minnesota.
America has (part) Mississippi.
America has (part) Missouri.
America has (part) Montana.
America has (part) Nebraska.
America has (part) Nevada.
America has (part) Norfolk.
America has (part) Ohio.
America has (part) Oklahoma.
America has (part) Ontario.
America has (part) Oregon.
America has (part) Pennsylvania.
America has (part) Pierre.
America has (part) Princeton.
America has (part) Rutland.
America has (part) Schenectady.
America has (part) Seattle.
America has (part) Syracuse.
America has (part) Tennessee.
America has (part) Texas.
America has (part) Tucson.
America has (part) Utah.
America has (part) Vermont.
America has (part) Virginia.
America has (part) Washington.
America has (part) Wisconsin.
America has (part) Wyoming.
America has (part) Yukon.
America isa thing.
American academia is alienated from America because of the ideas it holds.
American academics have an ambivalent relationship with the rest of the academic world.
American accent is also preferred.
American accents are bad.
American accounts tell of a massacre then taking place.
American actions speak volumes.
American activists fear it is just one example of a growing problem, as more such tales emerge.
American activists fight for various causes.
American activists wants to break the spell.
American actors are hung-up on a search for truth . .
American actors are hung-up on a search for truth .
American actors are proud of their history of taking on the movie studios.
American actors have a confidence that gives their relationship with the camera a special intimacy.
American actress Go to a previous date.
American adults are fatter than ever, and getting fatter faster, and so are our kids.
American adults read a newspaper on an average weekday.
American adults use bicycles more for getting in shape than for getting places.
Every American adult has a right to smoke, a right to choose to smoke.
Most American adults drink alcoholic beverages, with beer the most popular choice.
American advertisers pay in Canadian dollars with NO sales tax.
American advertising is designed to inform and persuade.
Some American agencies provide policies for non-U.S. citizens who are here on a temporary basis.
American agriculture has a constantly growing appetite for credit.
American agriculture has a proud history of individualism.
American agriculture improves quality.
American agriculture is a major force in the global economy.
American agriculture is a world of opportunity.
American agriculture is at a crossroad.
American agriculture is at a crossroads.
American agriculture is based almost entirely upon introduced species.
American agriculture is based on vertical integration to achieve low costs.
American agriculture is in a state of flux.
American agriculture is in the midst of tough times.
American agriculture is in the worst financial condition since the Great Depression.
American agriculture is more than twice as reliant on foreign trade as the U.S. economy as a whole.
American agriculture is successful because of the productivity of our farmers and ranchers.
American agriculture is treated generally too - absence of details.
American agriculture is truly everywhere and touches everyone in almost every way.
American agriculture produces too much of too few products.
American agriculture provides a prime example of over-application of the industrial paradigm.
Most american agriculture improves quality.
American aid allows Jordan's economy, ravaged by the embargo of Iraq, to limp along.
American aircraft means an aircraft registered under the laws of the United States.
American alcohol analyzers breath alcohol testers alcohol testing with vending machines.
American alligator finds shelter in billabongs, freshwater lakes and other similar places.
American alligator is considered among the world's finest and most beautiful leather.
American alligator occurs in wetlands from North Carolina south.
American alligators are abundant on the area.
American alligators are alligators.
American alligators are located in southeastern United States.
American alligators are part of the group of reptiles known as the crocodilians.
American alligators breed once yearly.
American alligators eat fish.
American alligators feed and rest in the water, and lay their eggs in dens they dig into the banks.
American alligators grow more quickly than the Chinese alligators under the same conditions.
American alligators have broad snouts.
American alligators have eyes.
American alligators have legs.
American alligators have short legs.
American alligators have very dark and camouflaged skin.
American alligators live in environments.
American alligators live in salt water.
American alligators live in water.
American alligators occur in regions.
American alligators occur in temperate regions.
American alligators share the ponds with smooth and spiny softshell turtles.
American alligators undergo periods of dormancy when the weather becomes cold.
Most american alligators eat fish.
Most american alligators have eyes.
Most american alligators have legs.
Most american alligators have short legs.
Most american alligators live in environments.
Most american alligators live in salt water.
Most american alligators live in water.
Most american alligators occur in regions.
Most american alligators occur in temperate regions.
Some american alligators dig burrows.
Some american alligators escape from zoos.
American alternators utilize a 'cold' rating.
American ambivalence fits Turkish facts.
American amphibians find in freshwater ponds.
American amphibians find in ponds.
Most american amphibians find in freshwater ponds.
Most american amphibians find in ponds.
Many American anglers visit the Gulf of Honduras to catch the marlin that abound there .
Many American anglers visit the Gulf of Honduras to catch the marlin that abound there.
More American anglers pursue largemouth bass than any other freshwater gamefish.
American animals are bigger.
American anthropology has four broad subfields.
American apples feature sweetness, consistent visual appeal, and widespread consumer acceptance.
American appliances are fully compatible.
American appreciation is slightly different.
Some american archaeologists provide indicators.
Most American architects work either only at the local level, or only at the international level.
American archivists are an important segment of the international information community.
American army launches campaign against western Indian tribes.
American arrogance is rooted in a rational appreciation of the situation.
American art is in a period of re-examination.
American art is in the future.
American art provides the cornerstone of the permanent collection.
American artists are the fortunate inheritors of two traditions.
American artists can work in Europe and make a living.
American artists find fame easier than Canadian artists.
American artists roll through here in a steady stream.
Most American artists are underemployed.
American associations compile yearly bibliographies.
American assumptions re.
American astronauts make the first space rendezvous with another craft.
Some american astronauts get into trouble.
American astronomers demonstrate existence.
American astronomers publish paper.
Most american astronomers demonstrate existence.
Most american astronomers publish paper.
Some american astronomers draw attention.
American athletes thrive in a team atmosphere.
American attitudes remain solidly internationalist.
American attitudes shape American cities.
American attorneys can destroy the chemistry needed between partners to make a deal work.
American audience is great.
American audiences are bored.
American audiences cheer at each bit of gunplay, each stomach-turning exercise of brute force.
American author Go to a previous date.
American authors have good reason to keep their eyes on the vast Russian market.
American authors log series.
Every American automobile is manufactured with the ability to go faster than the speed limit.
American bacon is called smoked back bacon in many other places.
American badgers are badgers.
American badgers are mammals.
American badgers are trapped by humans for their pelts .
American badgers dig burrows.
American badgers dig holes.
American badgers have eyelids.
American badgers have legs.
American badgers have powerful legs.
American badgers have third eyelids.
American badgers live alone.
American badgers live in a variety of habitats, from grasslands to mountains.
American badgers live in dry , open grasslands , fields , and pastures .
American badgers live in dry, open grasslands, fields, and pastures.
Most american badgers dig burrows.
Most american badgers dig holes.
Most american badgers have eyelids.
Most american badgers have legs.
Most american badgers have powerful legs.
Most american badgers have third eyelids.
Some american badgers excavate burrows.
Some american badgers have diets.
American bald eagles have eyesights.
American bald eagles have good eyesights.
American bald eagles have such good eyesights.
American basswood is an indicator tree.
American bees are somewhat less resistant than the British bees.
American beech trees have bark.
American beech trees have grey bark.
American beech is an important timber species.
American beech is an important tree in forestry .
American beech is available as both lumber and veneer in a moderate price range.
American beech is difficult to season and requires careful drying.
American beech is intolerant of city conditions, difficult to transplant but does tolerate shearing.
American beech makes nice flooring.
American beeches flower in early springs.
American beeches flower in springs.
American beeches grow in conditions.
American beeches have appearances.
American beeches have clean appearances.
American beeches live for years.
American beechs are beechs.
Most american beeches flower in early springs.
Most american beeches flower in springs.
Most american beeches grow in conditions.
Most american beeches have appearances.
Most american beeches have clean appearances.
Most american beeches live for years.
American beef is far better than British beef.
American beef is one of the safest foods available to consumers today.
American beef is safe and our farmers are pledging to keep it that way.
American beef is safe.
American beef is the safest beef in the whole world.
American beef is usually good and often wonderful.
American beer is like sex in a canoe.
American beer is much better for children.
American beers are lagers.
American biologists study biology.
American biologists study skeletal biology.
Most american biologists study skeletal biology.
American biotechnology firms develop methods.
American birds feed on fly insects.
American birds feed on insects.
American birds have tails.
Most american birds feed on fly insects.
Most american birds feed on insects.
Most american birds have tails.
Some american birds eat caterpillars.
Some american birds eat hairy caterpillars.
Some american birds use cavities.
American bison are famous for running together for miles at the slightest hint of danger.
American bison have fur.
American bison have vertebrae.
American bison live in grassland.
American bison live in river valleys , and on prairies and plains .
American bison live in river valleys, and on prairies and plains.
American bison migrate in springs.
Most american bison have fur.
Most american bison have vertebrae.
Most american bison live in grassland.
American bittersweet has orange-red berries, is a medicinal and has a bittersweet taste.
American black bears adapt to conditions.
American black bears adapt to different conditions.
American black ducks have brown plumages.
American black ducks have plumages.
American blacks have nearly double the incidence compared to whites.
Some American blacks trace their heritage to Latin-American, Asia, or Pacific Islands.
American blackboards are black, green and white.
Most American blockbusters are about as subtly ironic as a slap on the arse.
American boarders come from all across America.
Most American boaters agree our waters have become far too crowded with boats.
American bocks are usually dark brown.
American bombers reach their targets in Russia but are shot up pretty badly and lose radio contact.
American books contains a number of hard to find literary works.
American bosses tend to be more authoritarian.
American boxer Go to a previous date.
American boys are more likely to have computers at home than are girls.
American boys are now far behind girls in high school.
American boys are too valuable to be sacrificed to a false sense of military pride.
American boys know very well how to please girls.
American brand comes from Pennsylvania.
American brands are available in Jordan, but expensive.
American bread is softer than Russian. .
American bread seems to be all white bread.
American breakfast is included in the above rates.
American breakfasts are huge.
American breeders have every reason to be proud.
American breweries have a large mix of grains to choose from.
American bridges are much bigger than that and that building over there is tiny.
American buffaloes are polygamous.
American bulldog puppies weigh pounds.
American bulldogs are very dominant and also very protective.
American bulldogs have coats.
American bulldogs have short coats.
American bulldogs need stimulation.
Most american bulldogs have coats.
Most american bulldogs have short coats.
Some american bulldogs come into contact.
American bullfrogs are found near sources.
American bullfrogs have appetite.
American bullfrogs have big appetite.
American bullfrogs have eyes.
American bullfrogs inhabit habitats.
American bullfrogs inhabit ponds.
American bullfrogs inhabit various habitats.
American bullfrogs require oxygen.
American bullfrogs require warm water.
American bullfrogs require water.
American bullfrogs show emergence.
Most american bullfrogs are found near sources.
Most american bullfrogs have big appetite.
Most american bullfrogs have eyes.
Most american bullfrogs inhabit various habitats.
Most american bullfrogs require oxygen.
Most american bullfrogs require warm water.
Most american bullfrogs require water.
Some american bullfrogs have calls.
American business has no intention of being left behind.
American business has no shame.
American business is already here.
American business is at a standstill.
American business is forced to labor under difficult conditions in an anti-business tax system.
American business is notorious for only thinking as far ahead as the next quarter.
American business is pro-engagement.
American business is the envy of the world.
American business is under attack by the legal profession.
American business is what drives our economy.
American business lusts after the Chinese market.
American business seems to have a very short attention span for management writers and thinkers.
American business sees China as a great market that s developing.
American business sees China as a great market that's developing.
American business views China as a potentially vast market for consumer products.
American businesses are quick to adopt the latest management initiatives.
American businesses benefit greatly by the existence of foreign trade zones.
American businesses can benefit from the region's economic opening and growth.
American businesses enter the Danish market.
American businesses face the discipline of competitors and shareholders.
American businesses have a 'pyramid' structure.
American businesses have the ability to package and sell anything.
American businesses have to compete with countries throughout the world.
American businesses invest wisely while Japanese corporations squander their money.
American businesses realize that keeping illegal drugs out of the workplace makes economic sense.
American businesses rely on computers to do almost everything.
American businesses revolve around computers.
American businesses spend billions of dollars to educate and train their employees.
American businesses spend millions and waste countless hours complying with the withholding laws.
American businesses spend millions of dollars on marketing research.
American businesses use the label as a selling point and source of pride.
Many American businesses are eager to enter the Chinese marketplace.
Many American businesses are intensely impatient over the nearly endless negotiations.
American businessmen are about to make a lot of money selling goods to a totalitarian state.
American businesspeople are notoriously bad at adapting to cultural differences among nations.
American butchers confuse matters even more by sometimes calling top sirloin steaks ch teaubriands.
American capitalism is dependent on the racialized and gendered labor of women.
American capitalism is messy.
American capitalism is the envy of the world.
American capitalism is triumphant all over the world, and with good reason.
American car has big engines for no reson.
American cars are cars.
American cars are low quality.
American cars are risky choices, as repair facilities and spare parts are virtually unobtainable.
American cars are the most inexpensive ones compared with Japanese and German etc.
American cars driving around, Havana definitely has the air of a living museum.
American cars have nothing to be ashamed of compared to European and other foreign cars.
American cars have parts made in Japan and Mexico and are assembled in Canada.
American cars look a little out of place here.
American cars sold in Germany become less expensive.
American cars tend to be among the best used-car values because they provide more car for the money.
American cars use way too much gas, and everybody is driving big cars.
American carousels turn counterclockwise while English carousels turn clockwise.
American carpenters make more money than Korean carpenters.
American cartoons are better apparently.
American cartoons have a lot of catching up to do.
Most American cartoons center on the good vs. evil plot.
American cartoonist Go to a previous date.
Most American cats are domestic house cats.
American cattlemen are independent entrepreneurs.
Most American caves are big holes that form in limestone rock.
American centipedes can range in size from a few millimeters to just over six inches in length.
American cheese has moisture.
American cheese is a processed blend of different cheeses.
American cheese is heated twice, once in the original cheese making, then again in the blending.
American cheese is orange.
Most american cheese has moisture.
Most American cheesecake has a graham cracker crust.
American chefs draw from ancestral culture while at the same time developing a new culture.
American chestnut has a simple leaf which is highly serrate.
Some american chestnuts produce gall.
American chicken is spongy.
American children are avid watchers of television and movies.
American children are dead.
American children are more overweight and less active than ever before.
American children are the most tested in the world.
American children are under almost as much stress as their parents.
American children average more than four hours a day in front of the television.
American children average only one or two bouts with diarrhea yearly.
American children become more egalitarian during the middle childhood years.
American children consume more media than their counterparts around the world.
American children deserve better than to be fed inferior meat treated with high levels of radiation.
American children die annually from such illnesses.
American children go to school and to bed hungry every day.
American children have a right to their moral heritage.
American children have smaller lung capacities than European-American children.
American children lag still further behind in the areas of math and science.
American children living in low-income homes get sicker more and stay sicker longer.
American children seem to be responding to whatever approach is being used there.
American children spend more time in front of the TV than they spend with their parents.
American children spend more years in school now than at any time in history.
American children spend their time in front of the television or playing video games.
American children watch an average of three to fours hours of television daily.
American children watch an average of three to fours hours of television everyday.
American children weigh up to . . .
Every American child deserves a good education.
Every American child deserves a quality education.
Many American children begin their schooling before enrolling in first grade .
Many American children enter school without the early learning necessary to succeed in school.
Most American children are in good shape.
Most American children attend kindergarten, and many participate in all-day kindergarten programs.
Most American children attend school.
Most American children begin watching television before they can even talk.
Most American children get through reasonably good schools in reasonably good shape.
Most American children have diets that are too high in fats and cholesterol.
Most American children know that winning is important.
Most American children live in two-parent families, whether biological or adoptive.
Most American children prefer the chunky kind .
Most American children prefer the chunky kind.
Most American children spend part of their childhood in a single-parent family.
Most American children watch several hours of television a day.
American chocolate is full of milk solids and the amount of real chocolate is limited.
American chocolate is meant to be a quick sugar fix.
American choreographer Go to a previous date.
American churches are more diverse, primarily white, but relatively inclusive.
American churches can learn from the strength and vibrancy of their faith.
American churches face many problems as they seek to challenge themselves to pray honestly.
American churches help with church planting, equipping, evangelism training, and servant leadership.
American churches tend to focus on self.
American cigarettes have about half the content of the New Zealand ones.
American cinema is forced to resolve itself.
American cinema seems less like real life.
American citizens are concerned.
American citizens are guaranteed innocence until they are proven guilty.
American citizens are subject to Saudi law while in the Kingdom.
American citizens can repeal laws that they believe are inhumane, ineffective, or unfair.
American citizens can sponsor a spouse, parent, child, brother or sister.
American citizens continue to see their constitutional liberties obliterated.
American citizens demonstrate concern and support for the environment.
American citizens deserve more from their nations leadership.
American citizens do require a visa for entry into Turkey.
American citizens enjoy an inexpensive, abundant, nutritious, and diverse food supply.
American citizens have a clear right to honest, open government under law.
American citizens have a great deal of common sense.
American citizens have a hand in making laws in forty-two states.
American citizens have a right to constitutional protections.
American citizens have a right to speak their minds and to hold protests.
American citizens have a right to their privacy and their access to the freest possible markets.
American citizens have freedom of religion, speech, press, assembly, and petition.
American citizens have more rights than non citizens.
American citizens have standards and expectations for their primary care physicians.
American citizens have the major say in government.
American citizens have the right to be free from the prying eyes of government bureaucrats.
American citizens list the fear of crime as an overriding concern in their lives.
American citizens living in Germany are subject to the jurisdiction of German law and regulations.
American citizens love their immigrant-picked fruit, and they love that statue.
American citizens require only current passport or birth certificate.
American citizens require valid visas to enter Qatar.
American citizens send mixed messages to lawmakers.
American citizens volunteer to serve in foreign countries for approximately two years.
American citizens walk through a heavily guarded perimeter to board a U.S. helicopter.
Any American citizen can enter into the tournament.
Any American citizen traveling outside the United States is advised to carry a passport.
Any American citizen traveling outside the United States is well-advised to carry a passport.
Every American citizen has a duty to serve the nation for at least two years.
Every American citizen has the right to endorse candidates.
Every American citizen has the right to protect one s own privacy.
Every American citizen has the right to vote, as guaranteed in our Constitution.
American citizenship combines freedom with responsibility.
American citizenship is a sacred trust committed to the keeping of candor and courage.
American citizenship is for life.
American citizenship is required.
American cities are all, to some extent, unsafe places.
American cities are ethnically diverse and exciting.
American cities are increasingly pathological.
American cities are parts of regional, national, and global communities.
American cities come of age.
American cities decay, vacant lot by vacant lot.
American cities have numerous sources of funding opportunities available.
American cities impose sanctions against Burma for human rights violations.
Every American city has at least one such congregation - and sometimes several.
Many American cities are now fiscally and economically stronger than they have been in years.
Most American cities have a couple of oldies radio stations.
Most American cities have a visitors information phone number.
American civilians can use the medical facilities on an emergency only basis.
American civilization comes from the middle class.
American civilization is a way of being.
American civilization wants leisure opportunities.
American classics are more obscure and antiquated both socially and morally.
Most American classrooms have teachers in front of a chalkboard reciting exercises.
American clergymen attend war crimes trial.
American coal is mined in several different regions, each having particular research needs.
American cockroaches are less common in homes than German cockroaches.
American cockroaches are moderate flyers.
American cockroaches are speedy little creatures.
American cockroaches are very common in sewer systems of many American cities.
American cockroaches develop much slower than German cockroaches.
American cockroaches eat leaves.
American cockroaches enter home to find water or food.
American cockroaches enter homes to find water or food.
American cockroaches enter homes.
American cockroaches have developmental stages.
American cockroaches have life stages.
American cockroaches have stages.
American cockroaches infest basements.
American cockroaches leave their droppings in the dark areas where they hide.
American cockroaches live for approximately one year.
American cockroaches prefer to live in warm, dark, wet areas, like sewers and basements.
Most american cockroaches eat leaves.
Most american cockroaches enter homes.
Most american cockroaches have developmental stages.
Most american cockroaches have life stages.
Most american cockroaches have stages.
Some american cockroaches become health problems.
Some american cockroaches become problems.
Some american cockroaches become public health problems.
Some american cockroaches eat insects.
Some american cockroaches eat other insects.
Some american cockroaches have elaborate structures.
Some american cockroaches have social structures.
Some american cockroaches have structures.
Some american cockroaches live for years.
Some american cockroaches live in areas.
Some american cockroaches live in moist areas.
American cocoa See cocoa .
American coffee is a treat here.
American coffee is virtually impossible to order in a restaurant.
American coins are even more confusing than currency notes.
All American coins are now copper alloys, and gun metals also contain copper.
Many American coins lack a mint mark.
American colleges are a mecca for talented tennis players around the world.
American colonies declare their independence.
American colonies gain independence from England.
American columnist Go to a previous date.
American communities seek protection.
American community believes limits their earnings.
American community can work together.
Most american communities seek protection.
American companies acknowledge that they learned a lot from international competitors.
American companies are a formidable force in the global security marketplace.
American companies are also reportedly on the lookout for takeover targets.
American companies are creative and efficient at the same time.
American companies are desperate for a common sense approach to our export policy on encryption.
American companies are five times as generous.
American companies are the leaders in foreign investment in Russia.
American companies are the most responsible forest resource developers in the world.
American companies are unable to find enough qualified people to fill their positions.
American companies are under pressure to support activist nonprofits.
American companies are very strong in positioning themselves so that they prevail.
American companies can provide auto financing.
American companies can send materials to a new employee, and establish a communication link.
American companies claim they are losing from the piracy.
American companies continue to downsize, restructure and lay off thousands of workers.
American companies continue to downsize, restructure, and lay off thousands of workers.
American companies continue to lead the way in the twin revolutions.
American companies create jobs through exports.
American companies dread comments like that.
American companies exhibit the opposite trend.
American companies face a trade-off.
American companies have a reputation for already being too loose with their labels.
American companies have access to bid.
American companies have no large investments in Sudan, and it is far from U.S. bases.
American companies have stocks and controlling interests there.
American companies know and appreciate precision.
American companies lead the world in foreign investment.
American companies lead the world in internet technology, and are growing rapidly.
American companies outsource data entry to countries in the Caribbean.
American companies own the factories in China.
American companies own the largest share in Azerbaijan's oil contracts.
American companies prepare for European currency switch.
American companies produce the highest quality products.
American companies produce the most competitive goods and services the world has to offer.
American companies stand to gain from the refueling contracts.
American companies trying to sell goods overseas sometimes really blow it.
American companies use the study as an evaluation tool in making relocation and expansion decisions.
Every American company has to become more responsive to international factors.
Many American companies do business on foreign soil.
Many American companies do succeed in Japan.
Many American companies forget Austria.
Many American companies have operations in Germany and Japan.
Many American companies have significant software development facilities in India.
Many American companies have to make up that history.
Many American companies have women in management positions.
Many American companies maintain important operations in Germany.
Many American companies see Germany as being too expensive with complicated legislation.
Many American companies sell satellite data transmission services.
Many American companies use shelter companies such as Offshore for startup operations in Mexico.
Most American companies spend virtually nothing to train their workers.
Some American companies based in Japan do the same thing.
Some American companies do a very poor job of repatriating their overseas employees.
American competitiveness is hurt as well.
American composers are still under-rated in central Europe.
American congregations are nothing more than fashionable clubs.
American consensus needs to be constantly argued.
American consent is necessary to any modification of the mandate.
American conservatism is merely the shadow that follows Radicalism as it moves forward to perdition.
Some American constitutions make no difference.
American consumers are about the only large group of people in the world who are diligently buying.
American consumers are desperate for affordable prescription drugs.
American consumers are discontent with current greeting card prices.
American consumers are overdue for far better and stronger safeguards.
American consumers are smart enough to recognize hyperbole when they see it.
American consumers are still angry, and the politicians blame the U.S. oil companies.
American consumers are the happiest they have been in the recent past.
American consumers are the subject of a nationwide food experiment.
American consumers are well disposed to shopping online.
American consumers benefit by having less expensive goods.
American consumers benefit from open trade and low prices.
American consumers benefit from the cheaper and better products.
American consumers benefit greatly from imports from all over the world.
American consumers can make choices for themselves.
American consumers can no longer purchase the net output of Asian exporters, period.
American consumers continue to eat more broccoli as well.
American consumers demand food safety, but they also embrace technology and progress.
American consumers demand it.
American consumers demand the highest standards of food safety.
American consumers demand, and deserve, the best value in their products.
American consumers deserve a safe, stable, domestic supply of food.
American consumers deserve and expect truth in advertising.
American consumers deserve better, and American business needs better.
American consumers deserve more choice for advanced services delivered at competitive prices.
American consumers deserve nothing less.
American consumers deserve the same protection.
American consumers eat out more and cook for themselves less.
American consumers eat what American farmers produce, and livestock production is down.
American consumers have a right to know if the meat they are buying has been produced in our nation.
American consumers have to let China know that they are wrong.
American consumers list pesticide residues as a serious food safety concern.
American consumers love it.
American consumers pay a twenty percent premium for peanut butter because of peanut subsidies.
American consumers provide another link.
American consumers seem to prefer mangos with strong red color.
Most American consumers are unaware of the impact of the aquarium and curio trades on coral reefs.
Most American consumers share the views expressed at the news conference.
American consumerism places the accumulation of material possessions above everything else.
American content is used.
American conventions require a comma with a coordinating conjunction joining two sentences.
American cooks use the same size cup for measuring both liquid and dry substances.
American cookery refers to a candy consisting of caramel and pecans.
American cool is a global pandemic.
American cooperatives face a double hurdle in trying to raise capital.
American coots are birds that live in the marshes of western North America.
American coots are birds.
American coots are coots.
American coots are mainly gray and have a short, thick beak.
American coots are often a favored food source for great horned owls living near wetlands.
American coots dive for food.
American coots eat insects.
American coots eat primarily algae and other aquatic plants but also animals when available.
American coots feed on bay grass.
American coots feed on grass.
American coots feed on vegetation.
American coots form flocks of all sizes from just a few birds to hundreds.
American coots have a whitish bill.
American coots have ability.
American coots have bills.
American coots have whitish bills.
American coots live for years.
American coots nest over the water.
Most american coots dive for food.
Most american coots eat insects.
Most american coots feed on bay grass.
Most american coots feed on grass.
Most american coots feed on vegetation.
Most american coots have ability.
Most american coots have bills.
Most american coots have whitish bills.
Most american coots live for years.
Some american coots eat aquatic plants.
Some american coots eat other aquatic plants.
Some american coots eat plants.
Some american coots enjoy food.
Some american coots have sound.
Some american coots obtain food.
Some american coots obtain plant food.
American cops dominate films and television worldwide only because of Hollywood s power.
American corporations advocate for market reciprocity in world trade.
American corporations appear to be taking notice.
American corporations claim huge losses of revenue as a result of theft of their property.
American corporations compete and are involved in technology transfers across national borders.
American corporations have a lot more than the old man in the story.
American corporations have the right to earn profits.
American corporations know the poten tial of our young people.
American corporations pay more.
Most American corporations believe that an employee's primary duty is to work.
American corruption is more than enough to gag a maggot.
Many American couples have an open marriage allowing spouses to have sex with other partners.
Many American couples live in several states in the course of their marriage.
Most American couples say the duty is equally shared.
American courts call it freedom of speech.
American cousins have their rich reserves and their poor reserves, same as here.
American crafts are always well received.
American crayfishes are considerably smaller.
American creativity is the envy of the world today.
American credibility is a very important part of any scenario for future global stability.
American credibility is at stake.
American crocodiles adapt to food.
American crocodiles are also paler and more grayish than the relatively dark-hued alligator.
American crocodiles are federally endangered.
American crocodiles are known predators of lemon sharks , and sharks avoid areas with crocodiles.
American crocodiles are more susceptible to cold than American alligators.
American crocodiles are well-armored with tough, scaley skin.
American crocodiles eat animals.
American crocodiles eat fish.
American crocodiles feed on fish.
American crocodiles feed on small fish.
American crocodiles have pointy A-shaped snouts.
American crocodiles have two bottom teeth that stick out when their mouths are closed.
American crocodiles inhabit habitats.
American crocodiles inhabit saltwater habitats.
American crocodiles rely on habitats.
American crocodiles rely on mangrove habitats.
American crocodiles thrive in environments.
American crocodiles thrive in healthy environments.
All American crocodiles show the same teeth - the fourth one from the front, on each side.
Most american crocodiles adapt to food.
Most american crocodiles eat animals.
Most american crocodiles eat fish.
Most american crocodiles feed on fish.
Most american crocodiles feed on small fish.
Most american crocodiles inhabit habitats.
Most american crocodiles inhabit saltwater habitats.
Most american crocodiles rely on habitats.
Most american crocodiles rely on mangrove habitats.
Most american crocodiles thrive in environments.
Most american crocodiles thrive in healthy environments.
Some american crocodiles eat ridley sea turtles.
Some american crocodiles eat turtles.
Some american crocodiles live in saltwaters.
American croquet needs to attract more young players.
American crows are birds.
American crows are crows.
American crows are large, black perching birds with robust beaks and a fan-shaped tail.
American crows are large, black, perching birds with robust beaks and a fan-shaped tail.
American crows are partially migratory.
American crows are rather uncommon in Yellowstone.
American crows are similar to ravens but are smaller in size.
American crows are socially monogamous cooperative breeding birds.
American crows are the new world counterpart to the carrion crow and the hooded crow .
American crowds are louder, they scream a lot more, where in Europe they're a bit more chancy.
American crowds are more subdued, to an extent.
American cuisine is also available.
American cuisine is always nearby.
American cuisine is served with regional specialties.
American cuisine is very regional.
American culture annoys parents all over the world.
American culture dominates the world.
American culture eats potato.
American culture emphasizes individuality and requires wide personal space.
American culture emphasizes the individual.
American culture encourages positive feelings more than negative ones.
American culture extend into the history of the country.
American culture feels uncomfortable describing the content of talk shows as political.
American culture focuses on the individual.
American culture goes deeper than our leadership, be it good or bad.
American culture has no excuses left.
American culture is . . .
American culture is a culture of many people.
American culture is a mixture of different cultures.
American culture is a shrieking, plaid walrus with a mouthful of radishes.
American culture is about clicking.
American culture is also increasingly visual.
American culture is an esseential content component of each course.
American culture is at a crucial turning point.
American culture is at issue in a second and no less important way.
American culture is built on the fundamental belief that everyone has worth as an individual.
American culture is closer to the ideal that people are innocent until proven guilty.
American culture is different from Japanese culture.
American culture is distinct.
American culture is diverse and fluid.
American culture is drenched in nihilism.
American culture is enriched by French culture.
American culture is extremely materialistic and profit oriented.
American culture is fundamentally African.
American culture is ill-equipped to muster a moral consensus against taking drugs.
American culture is inescapable, and therefore both copied and resented.
American culture is like a jazz ensemble.
American culture is like that crazy elephant.
American culture is mongrel.
American culture is more supportive and rewarding of new technology.
American culture is obsessed with death.
American culture is one of different strokes for different folks .
American culture is organized according to an egalitarian model.
American culture is shaped by the Christian world view.
American culture is so homogenized now, vigorously, constantly asserting itself.
American culture is so wildly popular that other countries pass laws against it.
American culture is still in the process of being defined.
American culture is the most violent in the world.
American culture is universalistic, it accepts influences.
American culture is vehicle dependent and there are currently few alternatives to driving.
American culture is very fluid and complex with many subcultural groups whose values differ.
American culture needs a lot of things.
American culture operates on values that oppress the human spirit and repress human feelings.
American culture promotes certain acceptable images of men and women.
American culture requires it, and so do the careers of American politicians.
American culture seems to be good and wealthy but also it has a serious problem.
American culture seems to have lost a sense of participation for the simple enjoyment of the sport.
American culture shapes the face of death in larger ways.
American culture stresses honesty, integrity and creativity.
American culture takes it on the chin as, once again, whining is rewarded.
American culture tends to come down on the side of the individual.
American culture tends to view senior citizens inaccurately.
American culture uses childbirth.
American culture worships the cell phone as a demigod.
American cultures accent the meeting space, gallery and grounds.
American cultures gives students the opportunity to discuss topics from a different perspective.
American cultures is a great heritage to pass on.
Most american culture eats potato.
Most american culture uses childbirth.
American curls are particularly hardy.
American currency is one of the most sought after means of value throughout the world.
American currency is preferred.
American currency is welcome everywhere.
American customers can expect even larger discounts because our prices are in Canadian dollars.
American customers can take full advantage of current exchange rates.
American customers click here for a note on currency conversion.
American customers pay no tax.
American customers save the tax.
American customers take the product back, pound their fists on the counter, and demand satisfaction.
American dance rhythms.
American dancing seems more stiff, more regulated.
Most American deaths occur in hospitals.
American delegation goes to world documentation meet.
American democracy depends critically on the acceptance of political opposition.
American democracy has a single point of failure.
American democracy is based on the flow of information and ideas.
American democracy is in a constant state of evolution.
American democracy is in transition.
American democracy is in trouble .
American democracy is kind of like a life raft that bobs around the ocean all the time.
American democracy is kind of like a life raft.
American democracy is stagnant.
American democracy requires both effective leadership and vigorous, engaged citizenship.
American democracy succumbs to a bout of anti-Communist hysteria.
American democracy works.
American democrats roll out a cost-effective way to deal with terrorism.
All American deserts experience mild winter rains.
American designers sense a bit of snobbery.
American destinations can also have highway and federal land information.
American developers have a different cultural approach to the work.
American development is still the lack of proper access to capital and credit.
American dictionaries say heritage is anything people inherit at birth.
American diets are high in protein from which lysine and methionine are derived.
American diets are often quite high in fat content and obesity is a common health problem.
American diets come up particularly short in the vegetable and fruit groups.
Many American diets are low in zinc.
American diplomacy belongs on the short list of our budget priorities.
American diplomats are also enthusiastic.
American diplomats are typically wary of criticizing Israeli policies.
American diplomats deny it.
American dippers are birds.
American dippers occupy an unusual niche in the songbird world.
American dippers search for insects in fast-moving streams.
Many American dippers spend their lives in one watershed.
American disabilities act compliant.
American dishes are also available.
American distilleries are a main source of the barrels used to age wine and spirits worldwide.
American distribution sucks.
American doctors are worried.
American doctors believe there is a physical reason, such as a disease, causing an illness .
American doctors have a lot of instruments and machines.
American doctors make money by keeping folks sick.
American doctors specialize.
American dollar loses positions of the basic reserve currency of the world.
American dollars are readily accepted in all stores, so shopping is easy.
American dollars are the currency of choice, and American products are on nearly all store shelves.
American dollars are used everywhere.
American dollars are worth much more there now, making travel cheap.
American dollars go a long way when converted to South African rand.
American domains end in '.us'.
American donations are tax deductible.
American dope is different.
American dragonhead is a native annual, biennial, or short-lived perennial forb.
American dragonhead is a seedbanking species.
American dragonhead is classified as rare in New York.
American dreams are ambitions.
American dreams can come true with the right home loan.
American drivers are adverse to inconveniences.
American drivers are the most profligate users of energy the industrialized world has ever seen.
American drivers fit right in.
American drivers hate it.
American drivers have hours of service rules that limit their daily driving time.
Many American drugs are cheaper in Canada, Mexico or other countries.
American eagle carriers provide services.
American eagles defy the laws of gravitation.
American eagles have eyesights.
American eagles have good eyesights.
American eagles have such good eyesights.
Most american eagles have eyesights.
Most american eagles have good eyesights.
Most american eagles have such good eyesights.
American economists see a bit of d j vu in Asia's financial crisis.
American edition has useful resource section.
American editions reverse title and subtitle.
American editors seem to prefer snappy, confident, assertive queries.
American education allows students to change their minds about their majors or courses of study.
American education has a great resilience.
American education is in a state of crisis, due mainly to a lack of sufficient funding.
American education is neck-deep in Internet hype.
American education is notorious for isolating teachers and stifling communication.
American education is studied from historical, cultural, and philosophical perspectives.
American education lacks powerful visions of the future.
American education needs a radical overhaul.
American education offers a rich field of choices for the international student.
American education strives to produce knowledgeable and concerned citizens.
American eels absorb oxygen.
American eels are catadromous - meaning they live their life in freshwater but breed in the ocean.
American eels are economically very important to the East Coast and rivers where they travel.
American eels are fish.
American eels are one of the most important commercial species.
American eels are the primary catadromous species of interest to the United States.
American eels are very widespread found upwards into Greenland down to southern Brazil.
American eels have jaws.
American eels live in fresh water but swim to the ocean to lay their eggs.
American eels range from Greenland to northern South America.
Most american eels absorb oxygen.
Most american eels have jaws.
Some american eels have habitat requirements.
Some american eels have requirements.
American elections are a crazy quilt.
American elections are a fraud and a scam.
American elections are a referendum on indifference.
American elections come often and the net has a long memory.
American elections demonstrate that, probably more than anywhere else in the world.
Many American elites support differential group rights as a way of achieving equality of result.
American elm trees grow in landscapes.
American elm trees produce flowers.
American elm trees produce tiny flowers.
American elm grow on the island in the middle of the lake.
American elm grows in full sun or part shade.
American elm has an extensive natural range.
American elm has one of the most easily recognized tree silhouettes .
American elm is a strong wood.
American elm is found throughout South Dakota.
American elm is highly vulnerable to Dutch elm disease.
American elm is intermediate in tolerance to competition.
American elm is native to the entire state of Iowa.
American elm is particularly susceptible and has been eliminated from many communities.
American elm is planted throughout South Dakota.
American elms are elms.
American elms are native to Saskatchewan and therefore ideally suited to our cold, harsh climate.
American elms have distinctive shapes.
American elms have shapes.
Most american elms have distinctive shapes.
Most american elms have shapes.
Some american elms grow in zones.
Some american elms have ciliate margins.
Some american elms have extensive natural ranges.
Some american elms have extensive ranges.
Some american elms have margins.
Some american elms have ranges.
Some american elms plant in towns.
American embassies can make recommendations for good car services.
American embassies have little help to offer.
American employees hold the key to our competitive edge in the twenty-first century.
American employees love e-mail.
American employees pride themselves on continuous improvement and exceptional product quality.
American employees seem to be adapting to the new situation.
American employers rely heavily on layoffs to reduce the size of their work force during downturns.
American engineers yearbook.
Many American engineers complain the foreign workers drive down wages or steal jobs.
American entertainment is based on lies and fantasy.
American entertainment ranks with the aerospace industry as one of the two largest U.S. exports.
American equipment is still the technology of choice for most Thai military purchases.
American equipment requires both an adapter and a transformer.
American equipment requires both an adaptor and a transformer.
American estimates suggest a four-fold increase in boarder numbers in as many years.
Some American examples demonstrate.
American executives hold real-time videoconferences with Japanese clients.
Many American executives forget Austria.
American existentialism is optimistic, European is pessimistic, but the assumptions are the same.
American expansionism is rooted in visionary thinking.
American experience differ from English.
American experience shows that the optimists generally are.
American experts cover confidence building in Central America and in the Maritime domain.
American experts praise the British probe as unusual and important, despite the lingering questions.
Some American experts continue to sound pessimistic about arresting the economic slide.
American exports equal American jobs.
More American exports mean higher paying American jobs.
More American exports means more American jobs.
American exporters gain through access to a much larger world market.
American expressions are very big.
American eyes glaze over when the subject of land mines comes up.
American failures are self-evident.
American falcons breed once yearly.
American families agree.
American families are busier than ever.
American families are in crisis, specially in the inner cities.
American families are now at risk just because they are American.
American families are very small compared to the large Yemeni ones.
American families believe that Mexican women make great nannies.
American families can also host a student from another country.
American families consist of mothers.
American families deserve a break.
American families deserve a strong economy.
American families deserve safer water.
American families deserve to keep more of their own hard-earned money.
American families expect, and deserve, no less.
American families face extraordinary pressures, three of which are becoming more and more common.
American families face the greatest peacetime tax burden ever.
American families have a diversity of competing, even conflicting, values.
American families have a responsibility to keep their handguns out of the hands of children.
American families have by and large abandoned their older members.
American families know that it's important to spend their money responsibly.
American families pay more in taxes than on food, clothing, housing, and transportation combined.
American families spend more money on taxes than they spend on housing, food, and clothing combined.
American families tend to be larger Select from list.
American family can boast of a musical or mathematical genius.
American family needs two incomes just to get by.
Every American family deserves to keep more of what it earns.
Every American family is qualified to participate in at least one of the federal aid programs.
Every American family proves that false.
Every American family qualifies for the loan programs.
Every American family seems to own at least two cars.
Many American families face problems finding affordable quality child care.
Many American families have children and pets.
Many American families live in single family homes.
More American families own a television set than own a telephone.
Most American families are in stuck in a cycle of personal debt.
Most American families ask that their host students clean their own room and do their own laundry.
Most american families consist of mothers.
Most American families have at least one member who is affected.
Most American families know that pride.
Most American families lead highly mobile lives, driving everywhere.
Most American families live to the full extent of their incomes.
Most American families shop in large supermarkets.
Most American families spend more on driving than on health care, education or food.
American fans are very enthusiastic and speak openly.
American fans can join the trip.
American fans follow U.S. players abroad.
American fans get crazy.
American fans like to see emotion.
American farmers are innovators.
American farmers are the most efficient in the world.
American farmers are the most enterprising and efficient in the world.
American farmers are the pioneering leaders of safe and dependable food.
American farmers are without rival in their ability to produce and compete.
American farmers are worried about livestock diseases crossing the Atlantic Ocean.
American farmers can continue to compete and win in the global marketplace.
American farmers can prosper only where there is free and fair trade.
American farmers deserve a level playing field on which to compete with European farmers.
American farmers deserve a safety net that they can count on every crop year.
American farmers deserve to have foreign countries live up to their trade agreements.
American farmers excel at using the sun to make food, feed, and fiber.
American farmers feed the nation and the world.
American farmers feed the nation and they also help feed the world.
American farmers feed the world.
American farmers go out of business and whole communities in the South die.
American farmers grow food that helps feed the world.
American farmers have hopes, too.
American farmers know that too.
American farmers lead the world in productivity.
American farmers owe their ability to produce large yields to a number of factors.
American farmers own the land their flock grazes on.
American farmers produce food.
American farmers produce sustainable food.
American farmers produce the safest food in the world.
American farmers provide people with more high-quality food than ever before.
American farmers raise more chickens than any other farmers in the world.
American farmers seem to always be having a tough financial time.
American farmers supply the bulk of the huge volume of corn and soybeans that Japan buys every year.
American farmers use agricultural equipment day in and day out.
American farmers use pesticide.
Most american farmers produce food.
Most american farmers produce sustainable food.
Most american farmers use pesticide.
Some american farmers find mules.
American fashion is often copied.
American fathers are more removed from family life today than ever before in our history.
American fertility is a shocking exception to the very low rates in most industrialized nations.
American fields tend to be a lot harder.
Many American fighters refuse to fight in Europe, because of questionable officiating and judging.
American figures predominate the book through there are some international people.
American film is almost mythical, and is the benchmark for American creativity and achievement.
American films appear almost simultaneously in Iran, they go on video.
American films are about rich people, powerful people, or highly unusual people.
American films are about what happens next.
American films are still principally for American audiences, and they tell American stories.
American films dominate the market in nearly every country, regardless of the native language.
American films emphasize full character animation, musical numbers and comic stories.
American films have much more agressive women.
American films obtain a better audience rating than the French movies.
American films predominate.
Most American films make it obvious which side is correct in any conflict.
American firms are as eager as Egyptian companies, having had significant success in Egypt.
American firms are on a take over spree in Europe.
American firms are the most active foreign investors in Poland.
American firms can succeed by offering quality, reliability and value for money.
American firms continue their rapid expansion of service and product outsourcing.
American firms continue to be successful with worker ownership arrangements.
American firms dominate information technology markets worldwide.
American firms excel in the information and media services that are flourishing on the Internet.
American firms give consumers the same problems.
American firms have a solid presence in power generation in Tunisia.
American firms operating in the region also feel the pinch of U.S. income tax laws.
American firms require strong protection against such threats - both at home and abroad.
American fishermen complain that pfiesteria kills millions of fish.
American flags abound on postcards, greeting cards, invitations and the like.
American flags are everywhere.
American flags are flags.
American flags are located in moons.
American flags are symbols.
American flags are the shop's best selling products.
American flags are very collectible.
American flags decorate ceiling and supporting posts of each seating section.
American flags flap in a sequence of shreds from all the fence posts on the place.
American flags fly on veterans' graves.
American flamingo Includes photo and distribution in Suriname.
American flamingos are waders and good swimmers.
American flamingos have beaks.
American flamingos have legs.
American flamingos have shape beaks.
American flamingos perform structured preening when courtship begins.
American flamingos reach maturity.
American flamingos reach sexual maturity several years after birth.
American flamingos reach sexual maturity.
Most american flamingos have beaks.
Most american flamingos have legs.
Most american flamingos have shape beaks.
Most american flamingos reach maturity.
Most american flamingos reach sexual maturity.
Some American flights are on regional jets.
American flies commuter planes from Miami to Key West.
American folk legends a.
American folk narratives, myths, legends, tales, ballads, and songs.
American folklore assigns a magical, nutritive value to pot likker.
American food can be fresh, simple and innovative.
American food can be very perplexing.
American food habits - the twentieth century.
American food has sort of become baroque-continental again, only the continents are different.
American food is artifacts.
American food is different from Ukrainian.
American food is maybe more spicy than Russian food.
American food is much more good.
American food is so fatty.
American food keeps evolving, depending on which people manage to cross the border.
American food occupies one small point on a broad spectrum of possible diets.
American foods are real hot on their agenda, and the ball's in our court.
American foods have their origins in other culture.
American foods seem too salty.
American football enjoys all the cachet in Britain that soccer does here.
American football has a basicly rhythmic discourse, soccer a dynamic.
American football is a game which has evolved from rugby and soccer.
American football is an odd sport.
American football is an unforgiving sport.
American football is more successful than it ever has been.
American football is static by comparison to union and league.
American football is the direct descendant of rugby.
American football spreads rapidly.
American footballs are footballs.
American footballs are sports.
Most American footballers tend to be on the political right.
American footprints dot the moon.
American force serves as a barrier to such dangerous chain reactions.
American forces are in harm's way in Kosovo, Bosnia and the Gulf.
American forces attack Panama.
American forces become the first peacekeepers because they make up the army of occupation.
American forces intercept a German evacuation train containing personnel and tanks.
American forces recapture the Bataan Peninsula.
American foxhounds have noses.
American foxhounds need diets.
Most american foxhounds have noses.
Some american foxhounds are descended from hounds.
Some american foxhounds have great stamens.
Some american foxhounds have stamens.
Most American franchises are corporate owned.
American frogs tend to be restricted to such habits.
American fur has quality.
American fur has superior quality.
Most american fur has quality.
Most american fur has superior quality.
American games run two to three times faster.
American gangsters attempt to pirate the old man's gold.
American garages conceive more than technology.
American gardeners seem to agree.
American gardeners tend to plant bulbs far apart.
Some american gardeners start plants.
American gentlemen are the most chivalrous of men.
American geologists concur with the latest figure.
American ginseng grows wild in hardwood deciduous forests of the northeastern United States.
American ginseng is a mild tonic.
American ginseng is a small plant native to the forests of the northern and central United States.
American ginseng is also excellent for cooking.
American ginseng is classified as an adaptogen.
American ginseng is considered superior for gastrointestinal problems.
American ginseng is herbs.
American ginseng is more valuable than Asian ginseng, and is grown in Asia also.
American ginseng is one of the world's best kept secrets.
American ginseng is recommended as the most suitable form for women.
American ginseng is similar enough to Asian ginseng to chemically have the same effects.
American ginseng is suitable for females and young people as well as males and older people.
American ginseng is useful as stimulants for brain and memory centers.
American ginseng shows variations in characteristics, particularly in the roots.
Most American ginseng is exported to Asian countries.
American girls can do no wrong as far as the hot blooded London male is concerned.
American girls to stay with relatives.
American goldfinches are bright yellow with black wings and a black cap.
American goldfinches are in their somber winter dress, looking mostly brownish.
American goldfinches are in their somber winter dress.
American goldfinches are small songbirds that eat seeds with their sharp beaks.
American goldfinches are social and generally found looking for food in small groups.
American goldfinches are the state bird of Iowa, New Jersey, and Washington.
American goldfinches communicate with each other mostly by songs and calls.
American goldfinches continue to show more bright yellow coloration as spring approaches.
American goldfinches eat seeds.
American goldfinches feed on nodding thistle seedheads.
American goldfinches feed on seeds from purple coneflowers.
American goldfinches find food.
American goldfinches have bright feathers.
American goldfinches have bright yellow feathers.
American goldfinches have feathers.
American goldfinches have stable populations.
American goldfinches have yellow feathers.
American goldfinches help in the dispersal of seeds because seeds are their main food source.
American goldfinches live all across North America.
American goldfinches live at the edges of forests and plains.
American goldfinches prefer trees.
American goldfinches use feet.
American goldfinchs are animals.
American goldfinchs are birds.
American goldfinchs are goldfinchs.
Most american goldfinches eat seeds.
Most american goldfinches find food.
Most american goldfinches have bright feathers.
Most american goldfinches have bright yellow feathers.
Most american goldfinches have feathers.
Most american goldfinches have yellow feathers.
Most american goldfinches prefer trees.
Most american goldfinches use feet.
Some american goldfinches feed on catkins.
Some american goldfinches follow patterns.
Some american goldfinches have diets.
American goodwill is based on any number of things.
American gooseberry are much more sun tolerant.
American gospel means the re-writing of history.
American government becomes aware of the value of visual instruction.
American government can be a vehicle for improving the quality of life.
American government exists primarily to provide for our national security.
American government has four major goals.
American government is representative government.
American government reinvents itself with each election and government takeover.
American grandparents feel that they have to plead with their own children for time.
American grapes are resistant and germplasm has been introgressed into euroipean varieties.
American gringos portray Mexico as slimy, dirty, backwards and disgusting.
American groceries buy once in a while.
American groups can mutually reinforce each other.
American growers are eager to retain lucrative overseas markets.
American growers are under siege both at home and abroad.
American guards are less chummy.
American guys seem fond of doing such things a lot with their homes and cars all the time.
American hamburgers remain as safe as ever.
American hawks say it's the latter.
American hawks warn of a modernizing Chinese military and arms sales to pariah countries like Iraq.
American hazel has a fairly high protein and energy value.
American hazel is hazelnuts.
American hazel occurs along streams, hedgerows, meadows, woodlands, roadsides, and forest margins.
American hazel reproduces both sexually and asexually.
American hazelnut prefers full sun for best growth and development.
Many American healers recommend daily drinking of green tea as an antioxidant to prevent cancer.
American hegemony is a reality.
American hegemony is the only reliable defense against a breakdown of peace and international order.
American heritage is precious.
American heritage is White heritage.
American hippies wandering in Nepal discover a wonderful, soothing milky tea drink called chai.
American historians concentrate on their exploitation and destruction by the U.S. government.
American history are preferred.
American history comes to life every day here.
American history Contains abstracts of articles.
American history has many stories about caves.
American history has no lack of examples of discriminatory laws against specific immigrant groups.
American history is a paradox of stories.
American history is a quagmire, and the more one knows about it, the quaggier the mire gets.
American history is a story of striving for liberty and virtue.
American history is all about cracking monopolies.
American history is an interesting teacher.
American history is cultural edification.
American history is filled with legendary figures.
American history is filled with noble political rhetoric.
American history is full of conflicts, challenges and change.
American history is full of examples of anti-colonial resistance against Great Britain.
American history is full of examples of incapacitated presidents.
American history is full of racial and ethnic conflicts.
American history is important.
American history is littered with the carcasses of failed third parties.
American history is no different.
American history is politicized to a far greater extent than the history of any other nation.
American history is presented from multiple perspectives as recorded by various groups.
American history is really the history of all our families.
American history is replete with attempts at reform.
American history is replete with examples of government assistance for novel transport technologies.
American history is represented in the largest percentage of courses taught.
American history is scattered with men and women of faith who've held key positions of leadership.
American history is taught as a sorry record of injustice and oppression of minorities.
American history is the main focus for the students.
American history is the relationship between the slaves and the slave masters.
American history is thick with congressional stupidity.
American history is too important to be learned from Hollywood and cheap political demagogues.
American history lends a touch of irony to the scene.
American history proves every bit as fascinating in a trio of star-spangled novels.
American history raises three fundamental questions.
American history records the defeat or erosion of most competing ideas.
American history records the events that unlock an understanding of modern America.
American history records white males felt that freedom was a good idea and worth protecting.
American history shows a swift punishment meted out to all criminals.
American history spans many years and topics.
American history teaches otherwise.
American history tells a different tale.
American holidays tend to be much lighter than other days.
American hollies are common.
Some american hollies grow into trees.
American homes are awash in water filtration devices and pitchers.
American homes contain more than two billion light fixtures.
More American homes have cable TV than gardens.
American homeowners spend more than a billion dollars a year on pesticides.
American honor faces stiff challenges in today's tense world.
American hops play a role in both flavor and bitterness which dominates the dry malt taste.
American hospitals vary greatly in their commitment to improvements in quality of care.
American hospitality is second to none with our hotel, recreation and tour services.
American houses tend to be much more spacious than British ones.
American households are also loath to keep much of it lying around.
American households have debts.
American households have too much debt.
Most American households can only live one or two months without a pay check.
Most american households have debts.
Most American households have more than three TV's.
Most American households make their orange juice from frozen concentrate, which comes in a package.
American hubris is understandable.
American hummingbirds have the same in form, but they have different in each own beak.
American humor can be brilliant.
Some american hunters follow sustenance.
Some american hunters provide benefits.
American hydras are white or gray with tentacles shorter than their bodies.
American identity is on.
American ignorance can be frightening.
American illustration is a major component of the museum's collection.
American inaction testifies beyond doubt that no North Korean vessel was involved.
American independence dates from the throwing of tea-chests into Boston harbour.
American individualism is depicted in both reality and myth.
American individualism is tempered by a belief in community.
American industrialists have a slogan.
American industry can now leverage the Internet to reduce costs and improve regulatory compliance.
American industry has an absolute genius for turning lemons into lemonade.
American industry is in a depressed state because of the open door trade policy.
American industry is prepared to meet that challenge.
American industry is still the leader in the manufacture of solar photoelectric cells.
American industry is vibrant.
American industry needs finely tuned guidance and regulations to remain globally competitive.
American industry needs some experience in working with Japanese industry.
American influence is felt in the supermarkets.
American influence is immense and that power reveals itself in many different ways.
American influence is prominent.
American influence is unquestioned, but maintaining it requires work in every generation.
American ingenuity can no doubt provide many avenues to deliver the mandates of our liberty.
American ingenuity is evidently hard at work on beige box trash.
American inspectors say piracy has returned with a vengeance in Taiwan.
American institutions are in a similar struggle over globalization and diversity.
American institutions are organized amnesia.
American institutions form the core of the comparative analysis.
American institutions sponsor similar programs.
American instructions are full of warnings.
Most American instruction is devoted to procedural activity.
American intellectuals are highly privileged.
American interests are far-reaching.
American interests create and propagate sweatshops both in the United States and abroad.
American interests require the exposure of the Jewish standard in news reporting.
American internationalism can exist without an ongoing U.S. military presence in Europe.
American Internet offers two types of E-mail forwarding.
American inventiveness is a nation treasure.
American inventors deserve better and America's future is being short changed.
American investigators are on the hunt for war crimes evidence.
American investigators are on their way to the scene.
American investigators claim they are professional Libyan spies.
American investigators examine shroud.
American investors can buy ADRs in the U.S. the same way they buy regular shares.
American investors face a bewildering array of choices.
American investors lose billions of dollars a year because of stock fraud.
American investors lose billions of dollars a year to stock fraud, according to state regulators.
American involvement is one of the few grounds for optimism in an otherwise bleak picture.
American isolationism comes perilously close to playing with fire.
American isolationism is another concrete expression of that kind of particularism.
American isolationists tend to see security guarantees as dangerous entanglements.
Some American issues have different numbers.
American jargon adds yet another dimension to their experience, though it causes confusion at times.
American jets bomb two naval bases, and destroy a major oil facility.
American jobs are at risk because of our weak and vacillating trade policy.
American jobs are at stake.
American jobs depend on it.
American journalism enjoys unparalleled freedom.
American journalism has a tradition of muckraking, uncovering corruption and misdeeds.
American journalism is founded on a glorious contradiction.
American journalist imprisoned by local officials faces death sentence.
American journalists advise newspapers in Kazakstan.
American journalists are inveterate minters of racy slang.
American journalists are journalists.
American journalists do tend to like linear stories that begin and end somewhere.
American journalists take themselves seriously.
Most American journalists are some species of liberal.
American judges assess legal fees against greedy plaintiffs sometimes.
American judges tend to be very cautious in their decision-making.
Most American jurisdictions have fee waiver programs for lawyers who can demonstrate hardship.
American justice has little to do with tolerance, fairness or objectivity.
American kestrels are found throughout most of North and South America.
American kestrels are found throughout Pennsylvania.
American kestrels are kept and trained by humans for the sport of falconry.
American kestrels are monogamous.
American kestrels are sexually mature by their first spring.
American kestrels are small, swift, powerful birds of prey, with brilliant coloring.
American kestrels are solitary birds throughout most of the year.
American kestrels are the smallest falcons in North America.
American kestrels can see in the ultraviolet light range.
American kestrels feed on diets.
American kestrels have brighter colored plumages than most other falcons.
American kestrels have different diets seasonally.
American kestrels nest in cavities.
American kestrels nest in tree cavities.
American kestrels pair bond and only mate with one individual.
Most american kestrels feed on diets.
Some american kestrels eat animals.
Some american kestrels eat domesticate animals.
Some american kestrels eat insects.
Some american kestrels eat small animals.
Some american kestrels eat small domesticate animals.
Some american kestrels feed on insects.
Some american kestrels feed on large insects.
Some american kestrels have backs.
Some american kestrels have different roles.
Some american kestrels have roles.
American kids are fat, lazy, and stupid.
American kids are fatter than ever.
American kids are pretty mindless.
American kids are SO spoiled.
American kids can be very picky about what they eat.
American kids compete well internationally.
American kids do among the worst of industrialized nations on standardized tests.
American kids grow so quickly.
American kids know more about early Ontario history than our own Canadian children.
American kids relate differently to each other than Northern Ireland kids do.
American kids see no good reason to turn off the TV and do their schoolwork.
American kids seem angry.
American kids seem to like that.
American kids talk like, painting the real-life kids and Chicago, in a negative light.
All American kids are multitalented and superior in comparison to other children of the world.
Many American kids feel disconnected from world problems like war, poverty and pollution.
American kitchens are busy places.
American KTs are longer in the beak and also the head , which is of elongated round shape.
American labor comes of age.
American labor has a tremendous interest in China trading on fair terms with the United States.
American ladyfingers are smaller and moister than their Italian counterparts.
American lamb is a prime source of high quality protein, vitamins and minerals.
American lamb is a prime source of high-quality protein, vitamins and minerals.
American lamb is especially good if basted during roasting.
American lamb is fabricated to yield more versatile, labor-saving cuts.
American lamb is mild and delicate, compared to the stronger taste of foreign lamb.
American lamb is much larger than imported, but that's because it's a different breed.
American lamb is preferred over Australian and New Zealand lamb.
American lamb is sold in mosts supermarkets.
American lamb offers greater yield.
American lambs are reared on high quality natural forage diets.
American law bars foreign campaign contributions.
American law can be federal or state, depending on the subject matter of the law.
American law is driven by different fact patterns.
American law limits the armed forces in law enforcement.
American law offers more protection from government intrusion.
American law permits abortion.
American law prohibits foreign governments from making campaign contributions.
American law reports, amongst others, have their own rules.
American law reports.
American law requires fishermen to toss back anything smaller.
American law requires the reporting of any suspected abuse.
American law says the chap who writes the patent actually has to have a dollar.
American laws apply in the United States.
American laws are in some respects similar to Canadian laws, but there are subtle differences.
American lawsuits take many forms.
American lawyers are critical to the functioning of our democracy.
American lawyers wield more fearsome powers than lawyers in any other country.
American lawyers write the laws in the Czech Republic.
American leaders are people who ask for the privilege of being elected.
American leaders continue to talk openly of tilting toward the more dynamic Pacific Basin.
American leaders do nothing to eliminate the demand for narcotics inside their country.
American leaders forms an organization.
American leaders venerate democracy in the abstract, while shunning it in practice.
American leadership is a global responsibility.
American leadership is indivisible.
American leadership is now the central point of the American movement.
American leadership is required.
American leadership is seen throughout the world as being indispensable to, to a stable world.
American leadership is vital in the world today but with leadership comes responsibility.
American legion proposes to take over building for headquarters.
American legislation favours marine mammals.
American liberals respond with a shrug.
American liberalism defines common good as the sum of individual good.
American liberalism faces a similar irony.
American liberty is in real trouble.
American librarians have a similar site .
American librarians visit Northern Ireland.
All American libraries follow the same practice.
Most American libraries allow people to borrow books, audio and even video cassettes.
American life is albums.
American life is just about dealing with the brush fire of the day, the panic of now.
American life is more precious than any other people.
American life is slipshod rather than anarchic.
American lives are at stake.
American lives are more important than unfair trade agreements.
American lives are notoriously full.
American limits is business loans to businesses domiciled in the State of Hawaii only.
American lines tend to be bred for elegance and nobility.
American literature are extensive.
American literature has to offer about working-class life.
American literature is characterized by patterns of mobility and migration.
American literature is full of phantoms.
American literature is made up of great novels about young men.
American literature is one of many disciplines in which Fulbrights are awarded.
American literature offers scarcely one working model for high education.
American literature reflects two very different impulses.
American literatures are for the first time presented in an international and colonial context.
American lobster are solitary creatures.
American lobsters are available year-round, although summer is the biggest season in Maine.
American lobsters are crustaceans.
American lobsters are lobsters.
American lobsters are part of american lobsters.
American lobsters have two strong front claws, which are used for eating and tracking prey.
American lobsters inhabit reefs.
American lobsters live from the rocky coast to the canyons off New England.
Most american lobsters inhabit reefs.
Some american lobsters weigh pounds.
American losses are seven dead and six wounded.
American losses are third from the bottom of the list.
Some american lungfishes possess fins.
Some american lungfishes possess lungs.
Most American machines use petrol engines and the buggies are two or more person vehicles.
American magazine is mailed to all alumni three times a year.
American mail is divided into four classes.
American male living in Tokyo. wants Japanese friends.
American males deserve the right to control their own reproductive organs.
American males deserve the right to refuse treatment or to seek alternative treatment.
American males seem to have a lack of patience and respect for the commitments of marriage.
American malls are full of clothing stores.
American man comes to work with a cornrow hairstyle.
American men are as docile as puppies when it comes to their rights.
American men are different, unsure of their place in the world and with women.
American men are five times more likely to die from prostate cancer than Japanese men.
American men are irrelevant in a child's life.
American men are so cautious.
American men are very sophisticated, intelligent and sexy.
American men click on Internet sex sites six times more often than women do.
American men grow up learning that risk-taking is manly and with feelings that they're invincible.
American men grow up thinking risk-taking is manly and that they're invincible.
American men have a lot of prostate cancer.
American men have a one in two lifetime risk of developing cancer.
American men have a reputation for being faithful, family oriented and respectful of women.
American men live seven years less than women, on the average.
American men pursue muscular bodies.
American men suck in bed.
American men tend to prefer larger, firmer breasts.
American men view Russian women as feminine, interested in being wives and mothers.
All American men are as handsome as movie stars.
All American men have the same heart attack risk.
Most American men are.
Some American men take the position that monogamy protects the rights of women.
American management thinks that they can just copy from Japan.
American managers are usually competent in th role of manager but require development in leadership.
American manhood is alive and wriggling.
American manners are so admirable.
American manufacturers are multi-tasking enablers.
American manufacturers can increase their market profile with skating enthusiasts in several ways.
American manufacturers can sell more in Japan if they own and control their distribution systems.
Every American manufacturer is responsible for both income taxes and compliance costs.
American manufacturing is the industrial powerhouse of the world.
Every American map is catalogued, whether separate or bound into atlases or printed books.
American marigolds tend to be more susceptible than other types to problems.
American marines invade the Dominican Republic.
American markets are open and competitive while Japanese markets are closed and cartelised.
American markets continue to move to new heights, as do many European markets.
American marketplace thrives on credit.
American marten are trapped for their fur in all but a few states and provinces where they occur.
American marten are vulnerable to predation from raptors and other carnivores.
American marten are well adapted to snow.
American martens are descended from animals.
American martens have heads.
American martens have throats.
American martens have triangular heads.
American martens inhabit meadows.
American martens inhabit shrub meadows.
American martens occur in forest habitats.
American martens occur in habitats.
Most american martens are descended from animals.
Most american martens have heads.
Most american martens have throats.
Most american martens have triangular heads.
Most american martens inhabit meadows.
Most american martens inhabit shrub meadows.
Most american martens occur in forest habitats.
Most american martens occur in habitats.
Some american martens have large spatial requirements.
Some american martens have ranges.
Some american martens have requirements.
Some american martens inhabit regions.
American material is covered by the Westlaw service.
American meals are at least twice the size of European means, often with a baffling range of choice.
American mechanics make room for More Room Throughout Coach.
American mediators can serve here to bridge the gap.
American medicine continues to be dominated by men.
American medicine is in crisis.
American medicine is the best in the world.
American medicine is the most aggressive in the world.
American medicine organizes for war.
American medicine remains the highest-quality on Earth.
American media are awash in images and stories of cruelty to children.
American media are only interested in freedom of the press when it serves the liberal cause.
American media can play stupid.
American media draw on a range of professional axioms to guide their operations.
American media hype overstating impact , but some in our society believing it.
American media operate as profit-centered businesses.
American media succeed brilliantly in giving audiences here and throughout the world what they want.
American members participate in the British exhibition.
American menu features beef, fresh seafood, raw bar.
American menu includes steaks, chops and fresh seafood, and sandwiches, pizzas and pastas.
American meteorologist explains 'blocking highs'.
American mind is intellectual, very analytical.
Many American minds have.
American mine engineers get permission.
American mine engineers get special permission.
Many American ministers respect True Parents.
American mink are usually solitary animals.
American mink emerges from a pond.
American minks pose problems.
American minks reach maturity.
American minks reach sexual maturity.
Most american minks reach maturity.
Most american minks reach sexual maturity.
Some american minks can have impact.
Some american minks can have serious impact.
Some american minks escape from farms.
Some american minks escape from fur farms.
Some american minks have cousins.
Some american minks have distribution.
Some american minks have european cousins.
Some american minks kill prey.
American missiles penetrate mountain caves as they had eyes.
American mistletoe grows mainly through the southern states on a wide variety of trees.
American mistletoe is found from New Jersey to Florida and west through Texas.
American mistletoes have leaves.
Most american mistletoes have leaves.
American models tend to consume excessive amounts of fuel.
American money goes a long way.
American money is accepted almost everywhere.
American money is good anywhere.
American money is preferred and despite problems in the past, visiting is relatively safe.
American money is used to fund abortions overseas.
American money works in many places.
American morale is high.
American mosquitoes are different.
American mosquitoes transmit viruses.
Most american mosquitoes transmit viruses.
American mothers are less likely to return to work after childbirth as quickly as European mothers.
American mothers teach their children to be self-reliant.
American motorists continue to be gas guzzlers and keep demand too high.
American motorists deserve the same precautions to protect their lives and safety.
American motorists kill that many every two years.
American motorists remain thirsty for motor fuel despite record-breaking prices.
American motorists spend substantial amounts of their day in automobiles, vans, trucks, and buses.
American movie is very exciting and interesting.
American movies are a curious phenomenon.
American movies are about what happens next.
American movies are everywhere.
American movies are popular in Vietnam, especially among the young.
American movies are rankly, unforgivably unsexy right now.
American movies are very popular in Japan.
American movies suck.
Most American movies are about the giving and receiving of violent pain.
Most American movies go for the hype and the stars of Hollywood.
American museums do the same.
More American museums celebrate horse competitions than any other sport.
American music furthers the theme, with everything from big band and swing to traditional jazz.
American music includes disco, rap, techno and house alongside older idioms.
American music is country, blues and gospel.
American music is no longer fresh, it is controlled and manipulated by the suits of corporate greed.
American music plays in the background.
American music travels very comfortably to foreign cities.
American mustangs are feral, rather than truly wild.
American myth revolves around technology.
American nationals are natives of American territorial possessions.
American naturalists collect specimens.
Most american naturalists collect specimens.
Some american naturalists make expedition.
American negotiators are also in no position to back off.
American networks have maybe two people to cover the entire continent of Africa.
American neutrality proves to have been bought with the promise of oil.
American newspapers are available.
American newspapers go to great lengths to separate facts from opinion.
American newspapers have many sections.
Many American newspapers are boring.
Most American newspapers are fairly small.
Most American newspapers don t pay people to tell a tale.
American nurses serve heroically overseas.
American oak adds a touch of vanilla for a smooth and satisfying finish.
American obstetricians are less enthusiastic about births taking place in the tub.
American officials admit to feeling besieged, but defend their performance.
American officials agree.
American officials are concerned about domestic political repercussions.
American officials are there and are hoping to get in to talk to the crew.
American officials believe Iran purchased the missile from North Korea.
American officials continue to refuse China's demand for an apology.
American officials expect North Korea to drag out the peace talks over several years.
American officials issue ritual recommendations for Arab adoption of democratic forms of government.
American officials say no, but so did the British government until last month.
American officials say that is nonsense.
American officials say the North has enough plutonium to make a small number of bombs.
American officials say the rudimentary programs have already achieved some successes.
American officials say they have little leverage over Pakistan.
American officials view the several thousand mujahadeen as potential threats to U.S. soldiers.
American officials warn against looking for major breakthroughs at the summit.
American officials warn that the diplomatic road ahead remains hazardous.
American opinion is very upset and can well turn against France.
American options are much harder to deal with than European ones.
All American orchestras rely on 'endowments' to run.
American orders can save substantially given the exchange rates.
All American orders are sales tax exempt.
American organists provide musical gifts for all who join in adoration and praise.
American owner lives near property full time.
Some american painters help movement.
American paintings exist in public and private collections today.
American pancakes are delicious.
American papers are even better.
American papers sell out pretty fast. .
American paralegals appear to have set standards for paralegals all over the world.
American parents are still free to decide for themselves the number and spacing of their children.
American parents discuss things with their children and are more considerate of their feelings.
American parents report more spanking. . .
American parents worry if their children hesitate to test their own wings.
Every American parent knows what happens when a child gets an ear infection.
Many American parents know no different.
More American parents use day care now than at any other time.
Most American parents have it backward.
Most American parents have to pay two to four times as much for inferior care.
Most American parents raise their kids to leave home.
American parts are often expensive and difficult to find. .
American participants are the facilitators and listeners.
American participation is sporadic, but it can be intense.
American parties are primarily electoral machines.
American parties are very loose coalitions of viewpoints and interests.
American passengers are enthusiastic about the conversion.
American passengers are just as bad.
Most American pastors view their assignment as an easy job.
American pastureland has more tall fescue than any other forage grass.
American patriots dump crates of tea into Boston Harbor at protest against the tea act.
American patriotism exists at the Super Bowl.
American patriotism is neither threatening nor directed against outsiders.
American pennyroyal has a similar essential oil.
American pennyroyal is a different plant.
American pennyroyal is a low-growing annual plant, native to the eastern part of the United States.
American people are different than their government.
American people are hot on both the inside and the outside.
American people are open and friendly.
American people are quite interesting.
American people are shell-shocked, apprehensive and aching for revenge.
American people are so friendly, and so helpful.
American people are so full of love and understanding and support.
American people are sophisticated and know that no man or woman knows everything.
American people are the best soldier races of the world.
American people are to blame for our fiscal mess.
American people are very mobile.
American people care passionately about their environment.
American people consider it very romantic to give a present to the person they love.
American people deserve to know that . . .
American people eat dessert after meals.
American people encounter several problems that affect their daily life.
American people enjoy Japanese comics and animations.
American people enjoy picnics under the cherry blossoms.
American people feel that elders have nothing good to say because they are old fashioned.
American people have few options.
American people have questions about the high price of oil.
American people is business.
American people know it.
American people know that.
American people like to talk.
American people see the orient in china, india and so on.
American people use cars mostly.
American people use dietary supplements.
American people use to count everything in money.
All American people are hard-working people.
All American people have rights.
Many American people choose it the same way they'd choose going to the movies.
Many American people live there, too.
Many American people take LONG summer vacations with their families.
Most American people learn to drive in junior high school.
Some American people wear Hmong clothes but most of the people there are Hmong.
American persimmons drop off the tree when ripe.
American persimmons tend to sucker heavily, so plan to cut suckers away every year.
American philanthropy is described as a mosaic of cultural influence.
American photographer Go to a previous date.
American physicians are available at missionary hospitals.
American physicist Go to a previous date.
American pieces are usually less ornate than their English and French counterparts.
American pikas adapt to environments.
American pikas are diurnal .
American pikas are diurnal creatures, active only in the daytime.
American pikas are native to America and can be found in the mountainous regions of North America.
American pikas have body temperature.
American pikas have high body temperature.
American pikas have high temperature.
American pikas have temperature.
American pikas live in areas.
American pikas seek shelter.
American pikas store food.
American pikas live in areas of broken rock and grass fields covered by alpine meadows.
Most american pikas adapt to environments.
Most american pikas have body temperature.
Most american pikas have high body temperature.
Most american pikas have high temperature.
Most american pikas have temperature.
Most american pikas live in areas.
Some american pikas live in rocky slopes.
Some american pikas live in slopes.
American pilot flies in a Mexican revolution.
American pilots fear they'll lose jobs if the carrier shifts routes to the smaller jets.
American pilots flying American planes and dropping some bombs in far-off places somehow seems safe.
American pilots have a dangerous job over there.
American pilots train for dogfights that involve many aircraft.
American pitchers are brave.
American pizza is a whole different animal from real Italian pizza.
American plaice come from marine fisheries.
American plan includes three great home-cooked meals included in lodging rates.
American plan lodges, housekeeping cabins and outpost camps.
American planes are on the ground when Japanese planes swarm in.
American planners are just as excited.
American plants belong to subsp.
American plastics are more expensive but are better quality.
American players face obstacles while trying to succeed in Europe.
Many American players come down to Mexico in the winter to keep up their skills and play ball.
American plum is a native, deciduous, sometimes thicket-forming, erect shrub or small tree.
American plum is native to eastern and midwestern North America, extending locally in the west.
American poems are landscapes of the spirit.
American poet Go to a previous date.
American poets are grateful, too.
American poets form the starting point, although the mix is promised to become global later.
American poets read on internet audio. .
American poets reflect the heart and soul of the American experience.
Most American poets reach wider audiences at readings than through publishing.
American poetry comes well out of a documentary survey.
American policies are to blame.
American policy can become random and reactive - untethered to the interests of our country.
American policy is biased towards Israel and therefore the problems remain.
American policy is mute on the question of independence for Kosovo.
American policy is sanitized.
American policy needs to help shape that view.
American politician gets brain damage.
American politicians are unlikely to pass new laws regulating the entertainment industry.
American politicians are, more than ever, acting with the TV mirror-image in mind.
American politicians intent on chiding China ought to see it.
American politicians say almost nothing about the dollar, which goes from strength to strength.
American politicians serve as governors.
American politicians use the same technique to outlaw businesses that cater to teenagers.
Many American politicians seek to gain the support of the electorate by any conceivable methods.
Many American politicians support the swindle in order to remain in power.
Most american politicians serve as governors.
Some American politicians are very good and some are very bad.
American populism has a long past.
American porcupines adapt to environments.
American porcupines eat fruit.
American porcupines have ranges.
American porcupines lead life.
American porcupines lead solitary life.
American porcupines subsist on diets.
Most american porcupines adapt to environments.
Most american porcupines eat fruit.
Most american porcupines have ranges.
Most american porcupines lead life.
Most american porcupines lead solitary life.
Most american porcupines subsist on diets.
Some american porcupines earn reputations.
American power is hobbled in the Middle East.
American practice is to use single inverted commas.
American pragmatism thinks that things are what they are.
American pralines have milk or cream .
American pralines have milk or cream.
American preachers attract tens of thousands of listeners.
American preachers believe in pride of races.
American presidents are films.
American Presidents can be fun to learn about.
American presidents come and go, usually every four years, occasionally every eight.
Most American Presidents enjoy a honeymoon period in office.
American press has the biggest newspapers in the world, but the least informed public.
American press is very self-centered.
American prices tend to be much lower.
American pride has the new leader in sports medicine, worldwide.
American pride proves universal once again.
American prisons are places that some people are even trying to get into.
American problems are often a result of successes.
American producers export nearly two thirds of their annual pencil production to other countries.
American producers say they are losing hundreds of millions of dollars as a result.
American products are cheaper as they have abundant forest supplies and cheap energy.
American products are everywhere.
American products depend heavily on emerging economies.
American products hold little position in the market do to lack of aggression.
American professors expect their students to ask questions and use critical reasoning.
Many American professors write international cases, but their availability to others is limited.
American programmers are under siege.
Much American progress is fueled by academic research results.
American pronunciation is shown in cases differing from standard British pronunciation.
Many American pronunciations are different from the British ones used in India.
American prosperity depends on enacting a policy of free trade at home and abroad.
American prosperity depends on our integration into the world economy.
American publishers are on the ledge of a revolution.
Some American publishers resist toddlers' bare bottoms, or too much white background space.
American purity is a myth and a misnomer.
American quilts begin at the time our nation began.
American racism is a white problem.
Most American radicals emphasize the hieratic.
American radios are very big, especially in the cities.
American radios can also be very small, hidden in a pencil or in eyeglasses.
American radiologists didn t follow through with it to any extent.
American ranchers say an unfair flood of imports depressed prices.
American reality is a surrealistic nightmare.
American red squirrels feed on seeds.
American redstarts are transient migrants, but are sometimes numerous, especially in the fall.
American regulators are concerned with whether the playing field is level.
American regulators permit hormone use on the grounds that no risk to human health has been proven.
American regulators warn that frauds using religion are on the rise .
American religion is a topic with which most Chinese students are relatively unfamiliar.
American religion is lukewarm and hypocritical.
American religion is one whole history of guilt trips.
American reports say they are trying to negotiate a ceasefire.
American researchers define Home-based work as paid work performed in and from the home.
Most American restaurants serve too much for one meal.
American results are kept secret, but the British results are freely published.
American retailers depend heavily on foreign goods.
Some american revolution takes places.
American rice comes in three different types.
American riders are more into the whole Olympic thing.
American rinks are generally smaller than both Canadian and European rinks.
American roaches can run very fast, and they usually scurry into a dark area.
American roast produces a medium bodied coffee.
American robins are active during the day.
American robins are found in many different kinds of habitats.
American robins are native to the Nearctic region.
American robins are one of the first birds to begin laying eggs each spring.
American robins are social birds, but they are more social in winter than in summer.
American robins are the most abundant and widespread North American thrush.
American robins breed once or twice yearly.
American robins defend breed territory.
American robins defend territory.
American robins feed on fruit.
American robins inhabit woodlands.
American robins occur in woodlands.
American robins occur mainly in woodlands, gardens, orchards, lawns, and fields.
American robins visit backyards.
Many American robins are nest building.
Most american robins defend territory.
Most american robins feed on fruit.
Most american robins occur in woodlands.
Some american robins establish territory.
Some american robins have information.
American rock is nonsense.
American rugby is on the move.
American rules are universal around the world.
Some American sailors drink beer while driving.
American salmon swim east and European salmon west to Greenland.
American samplers fall into two classes along the lines of the schools of the eighteenth century.
American sanctions forbid dollar transactions with Iranian participants.
American sand is pronounced by experts superior to English and French.
American schools abide by lower standards than European and Asian schools.
American schools are among the very best in the world.
American schools are among the worst in the world.
American schools are in a dot-com revolution.
American schools are in danger of teaching too many things too soon.
American schools are notorious for trying new, often unproven methods.
American schools are only average.
American schools are very free.
American schools can be much better than they are.
American schools face serious challenges ranging from increased violence to a lack of resources.
American schools fail in comparative studies of student achievement.
American schools fly the American flag and students pledge allegiance to it.
American schools get more bang for the buck than any other schools in the world.
American schools have classes to teach children to speak English.
American schools have the best technological resources on earth.
American schools rank dead last in math and science.
American schools send Jewish educational materials, medicine, warm clothing and toys.
American schools tend to repeat concepts in many grade levels.
American schools try to match European standards, but often do so when it's too late.
Many American schools are lucky to have an hour a week for music.
Many American schools see building it as important as teaching reading and writing.
American schoolboys appear to be seriously at risk.
Every American schoolchild knows that part of New York state was once called New Amsterdam.
American schoolchildren spend fewer days in school than in most other countries.
American scientists arrive at the South Pole.
American scientists can also learn from their foreign colleagues.
American scientists patent the computer chip.
American scientists perform experiments.
American scientists perform remarkable experiments.
American scientists tend to be more flexible than their European counterparts.
Most american scientists perform experiments.
Most american scientists perform remarkable experiments.
American sectarians are congregational.
American sector lies along the border with Macedonia.
American security demands it.
American seniors depend on.
American seniors deserve better.
American service is dynamic.
Some american servicemen have children.
Some american settlers consider animals.
American shad appear each spring after migrating from Canadian waters.
American shad are sweet in taste and the eggs or roe are considered a spring delicacy.
American shad are the best known sport fish of the herring.
American shad enter rivers in the early spring and can travel hundreds of miles upstream to spawn.
American shad have a range of life history patterns depending on their river of origin.
American shad is an east coast species replaced on the Panhandle coast by Alabama shad.
American sheep are big, meaty, and fast-growing, so other countries are hungry for our genetics.
American ships have special nets and procedures to do it with safety for the dolphins.
American ships prowl every ocean unchallenged.
American ships try to intercept the tankers that spirit out Iraqi oil through the Gulf.
American shipbuilders have a long and proud history of building commercial ships.
American shipyards build high quality vessels that offer American consumers efficient service.
American shipyards have a future.
American shoppers have no status codes for paint.
American shoppers have short memories.
American shows are either serious drama, or they're silly sitcoms.
American singers go to Europe but they are also supported at home.
American skeet is shot on a field as shown below.
American slavery is such a problem as is the French Revolution.
American slots offers the best odds on the net.
Most American smiths use the bottom draft forge.
American soaps are too alien.
American soaps feature rich and glamorous adults.
American society becomes more diverse every day, and more homogenized at the same time.
American society continues to change rapidly.
American society continues to evolve and change.
American society encourages young adults to be independent and to seek out answers on their own.
American society expects women to be oriented toward marriage and homemaking.
American society has a general lack of respect and courtesy as well as a tendency for violence.
American society has and continues to undergo terrific change at increasingly rapid rates.
American society has so many options.
American society imposes a harsh standard for looks.
American society is a composite of many ethnic groups from throughout the world.
American society is a low power distance one.
American society is about pluralism and the right to choose.
American society is addicted to speed.
American society is an exciting but tough environment.
American society is barraged with seemingly limitless, indiscriminate information and visual images.
American society is based on individualism, but equally important, it is based on diversity.
American society is based on violence and that is why it is declining.
American society is based on.
American society is built on a series of checks and balances.
American society is completely foreign to a refugee.
American society is consumed, mesmerized, and persuaded at times by media coverage.
American society is currently in a state of contraction in many ways.
American society is especially oppressive to the poor.
American society is experiencing a moral decline, the critics say.
American society is faced with unprecedented population diversity.
American society is governed by four major types of law.
American society is greatly concerned about personal appearances and maintaining hair free features.
American society is gripped by a passion for violence and death that borders on the pathological.
American society is held together by capitalism, democracy, and different ideologies.
American society is increasingly a conspiracy of the smart against the dumb.
American society is like that temple priest.
American society is mesmerized by power, and whoever has it, can use it with impunity.
American society is more independent, Japanese more dependent.
American society is one of the most polarized in the Western world.
American society is permeated by television.
American society is racist and sexist.
American society is replete with examples of non-engagement.
American society is riven by a rancorous ongoing debate over racial preferences .
American society is said to be very pragmatic.
American society is such a cardiac patient.
American society is the most materialistic and consumptive in the world.
American society is unique in the ways in which citizens work together to solve common problems.
American society is very diversified.
American society needs better educated individuals now more than at any time in history.
American society prizes the individual in a way no previous civilization ever has.
American society provides plenty of opportunities.
American society puts extreme value on image.
American society respects each person's own identity.
American society seems to be an overwhelming factor.
American society seems to be moving towards becoming more entertainment oriented.
American society seems to be trending towards more expensive TV's and cheaper computers.
American society tends to stigmatize the homosexual orientation.
American society tends to sue at the drop of a hat.
American soil is chromium deficient compared to European soil.
American soles are found in both freshwater and marine environments of the Americas.
American soldier guards a lonely post.
American soldiers are fairly unique in risking their lives to save others.
American soldiers are films.
American soldiers are in Bosnia for the security, safety, and prosperity of the people there.
American soldiers are soldiers.
American soldiers attempt to get their hands on a pile of gold behind enemy lines.
American soldiers depart Vietnam, a daily record.
American soldiers die thinking they are preserving liberty, freedom and democracy.
American soldiers guard the road, stopping every vehicle that passes by the base.
American soldiers storm into buildings, leading people into shelters.
American soldiers volunteer the duty.
American soldiers walk past rows of corpses removed from a barracks.
Every American soldier is a speculator, occupied with buying and selling.
Every American soldier is that way.
Most American soldiers are guilt-ridden about their role in the war.
Some american soldiers die in combat.
Some american soldiers discover aoudads.
Some american soldiers return homes.
American sole is often too bony and small to eat.
American songs do have alot of influence on Jamaican artists.
American songbirds sing melody.
Most american songbirds sing melody.
American sources are strong in titles representative of the South and West.
Some American sources say there is a connection between obesity and cancer.
American southwest is a ridiculous and preposterous idea.
American sovereignty is extremely important.
American sparrows live almost everywhere.
Many American speakers think it's the translator's job to get the speaker's message across.
American specialists are also to travel to the target countries for two weeks to conduct workshops.
American species are in bold .
American spelling is preferred to British spelling.
American spelling is preferred.
American spelling is used throughout.
American spellings are acceptable from American authors.
American spirit is what it is called.
American spirit is what it's called.
American sportsmen are the best in the world, and that's a fact.
American staff is available to help with all questions and suggestions.
American stag handle, spacers and stainless guard.
American standards are high.
American states are states.
Every American state has a home page.
Most American states have a state fossil .
Most American states have a state fossil.
Some American states spend more money keeping people locked up than they do on education.
Many American stations have STLs that use radio waves instead of long cables.
American steel industries produce poor quality products.
American steel industries produce products.
American steel industries produce quality products.
American steel is produced in world-class plants.
American steelworkers are the most productive in the world.
American stereotypes abound, and the pacing seems awkward.
American sterling flatware a specialty.
Many American stocks depend on the Asian market.
American storytellers do better with the beginning of the story than the conclusion.
American strategy is to use military planes to carry things and civilian aircraft to haul people.
American students are always very interested in meeting students from other countries.
American students are credit driven and grade conscious.
American students are each generation worse than the one before.
American students are more independent than in Taiwan.
American students are much more accustomed to interacting in class.
American students are no more immune to the residual effects of unexamined attitudes.
American students are often independent, critical, and willing to argue with the teacher.
American students are second in the world in reading.
American students are the most frequently tested and least often examined students in the world.
American students are the worst in the industrialized world.
American students are welcome to participate.
American students are wonderful to work with because they are utterly fearless.
American students can sit the exam and attend the residential locally.
American students demonstrate at different levels of proficiency in a subject area.
American students didn t know how to create anarchy.
American students dress very casually in shorts, T-shirts and sandals.
American students engage in the same program with the same agenda.
American students go on traveling around Russia.
American students have a long summer vacation.
American students have little or no difficulty moving from or to schools in the United States.
American students hold their own.
American students is due to a crisis of resources and a crisis of racial and class inequality.
American students know little about their own history, and even less about European history.
American students live in the same dorm to ease the transition to living abroad.
American students perform far worse in math than their peers from other industrialized countries.
American students prepare American dishes.
American students pursue expertise.
American students rank near the bottom of industrialized countries.
American students reach college having been drilled in most grammar rules.
American students score very poorly on geography tests and questions.
American students spend fewer hours on homework than most of their international peers.
American students spend the summer working as chemical engineering interns for a firm in Germany.
American students struggle with English.
American students think aloud and respond actively to their professor's questions.
American students thrive on close contact with another culture.
American students use calculators and computers far more than their international peers.
American students watch too much television.
American students wear whatever they want in school but Pakistani students have to wear a uniform.
American students write to the government of Libya.
Every American student needs to fill out the application.
Many American students begin their college education at one institution and finish it at another.
Many American students respond favorably to such tests.
Most American students don t study the way Chinese students do.
Most American students feel they are good at math.
Most american students pursue expertise.
American studies combines intellectual history and historical analysis with cultural practice.
American studies covers a range of subject areas located on different floors of the library.
American studies databases .
American studies does have a lot to offer.
American studies is a multi-disciplinary subject covering history, literature, film and politics.
American studies is an interdisciplinary field that considers American culture as a whole.
American studies is in demand throughout the world.
American studies is still in the process of being introduced in many African nations.
American studies lecture.
American studies presents American heroes and frontiers, among others.
American studies subjects The following subjects are part of the American studies program.
American style is danced primarily in, America.
American style is more flying around, whereas English is more the mat style.
American styles have more bitterness, flavor, and aroma than English styles.
American styles incline to be chunky, with comparatively broad and blunt flukes.
American suburbia can look sterile and uniform is uncontroversial.
American suffragists can do that very well for themselves.
American surveys show more complicated, indeterminate and multiple class tendencies.
American surveys suggest that young male drivers dominate road rage.
American talk show hostess, actress and business executive.
American tanks move in to restore order.
American tarantulas have abdomens.
American tarantulas have bare abdomens.
American tarantulas have upper abdomens.
Most american tarantulas have abdomens.
Most american tarantulas have bare abdomens.
Most american tarantulas have upper abdomens.
American tastes are very bland.
American taxpayers are the lowest taxed of any major industrial nation.
American taxpayers deserve a break.
American taxpayers underwrite research and development costs of weapons systems for U.S. forces.
Every American taxpayer is entitled to be treated fairly and civilly.
American teachers are also overworked.
American teachers are both a students' teacher and friend at the same time.
American teachers are superb.
American teachers spend more time at work than teachers in other countries.
American teachers tend only to state rather than develop concepts.
All American teachers travel together to and from Morocco.
Many American teachers expect students to participate actively in classroom discussions.
All American team work.
American technology has a lot going for it.
American technology is the best in the world.
American teens are familiar with their own country's role in promoting democracy.
American teens are inactive.
American teens are woefully uninformed about pregnancy prevention and sexually transmitted diseases.
American teens do.
American teens go to party.
American teens have much more sex information at their fingertips.
American teens take part in summer or winter programs and spend a semester or academic year abroad.
Many American teens visit their Northern Irish family the following summer.
American teenagers are a bunch of lying cheating alcoholics .
American teenagers are more versatile than Korean ones.
American teenagers are one of the many nutritionally confused groups in our society.
American teenagers eat many different types of food.
American teenagers get into trouble.
American teenagers invent their own tongue, meant to be indecipherable to adult hearing.
American teenagers make and spend a tremendous amount of money.
Any American teenager can do that.
Most american teenagers get into trouble.
American television is a writerls medium.
American television is available via cable or satellite.
American television is increasingly barbaric.
American television needs to provide more balanced reporting on the Olympics.
American television wields great, and, increasingly global, power.
American tennis has bright future.
American terminology is in bold italics .
American textbooks tend to be full of endless lists of topics, vocabulary and lessons.
American theater is no longer a centralized commercial structure.
American thrillers tend to be action, though there are elements of psychology and suspense.
American toads are amphibians.
American toads are large toads found in eastern North Dakota.
American Toads are more land animals than aquatic animals.
American toads are responsible for controlling the populations of many kinds of insects.
American toads are the most widespread and abundant toad in Ohio.
American toads are true toads.
American toads breed from once yearly.
American toads call in a long trill.
American toads eat earthworms.
American toads eat insects.
American toads eat many species of pest insects and other invertebrates.
American toads have a long, melodic trill that belies their urgency at finding a mate.
American toads have a poison gland that is toxic if eaten, and can mildly irritate the skin.
American Toads have dry, warty, reddish or brown skin with black spots.
American toads have glands.
American toads have no special conservation status, as they are still common in most of their range.
American toads have poison glands.
American toads have short legs, stout bodies, and thick skins with noticeable warts.
American toads have short legs.
American Toads have short limbs and they have webbed toes on their hind legs.
American toads have toes.
American Toads inhabit grassy yards, forests, and meadows.
American toads love burrowing so a deep substrate is important.
American toads occur in most of the eastern half of the United States and southern Canada.
American toads reach maturity.
American toads reach sexual maturity.
American toads require a semi-permanent freshwater pond or pool for their early development.
American toads spend the spring breeding in shallow ponds.
American toads thrive in habitats.
Most american toads eat earthworms.
Most american toads eat insects.
Most american toads have glands.
Most american toads have poison glands.
Most american toads have short legs.
Most american toads have toes.
Most american toads reach maturity.
Most american toads reach sexual maturity.
Most american toads thrive in habitats.
Some american toads emerge from hibernation.
Some american toads feed at nights.
Some american toads have conservation status.
Some american toads have special conservation status.
Some american toads have status.
Some american toads have warts.
Some american toads live for years.
Some american toads shed skin.
Some american toads take advantage.
Many American today have the same mentality that everything can be bought.
Some American topics lend themselves to research abroad.
American tour dates.
American tourists are hard at work resuscitating the weak economy.
American tourists are most annoying.
American tourists are some of the worst offenders, sadly.
American tourists are the second largest group to visit Switzerland annually.
American tourists are tourists.
American tourists can visit Thailand for two weeks without a visa.
American tourists do wear lurid checked shirts and trousers.
American tourists pay good money to get in rapid water and climb up sharp, slippery rocks.
American tourists seem especially fond of the canals and rivers of France, and no wonder.
American tourists sit in laps on the couch, chairs and floor.
American tourists take over.
American Tourists try to figure out proper coins for ubiquitous vending machines in Tokyo.
Most American tourists go to Sydney, then into the Outback or north to the Great Barrier Reef.
Some american tourists fall to death.
American tractors are too big.
American traders counter by using bigger wagons.
American trading purchases all quantities from anywhere in the world of any plastic materials.
American tradition is a living one.
American tradition lives.
American translation emits stammar grammar.
American travelers can enjoy bargains in fine restaurants, luxurious hotels and shopping.
American tribes live in regions.
American tribes use feathers.
American tribes use fur.
American tribes use harvest.
American tribes use saguaro harvest.
Most american tribes live in regions.
Most american tribes use feathers.
Most american tribes use fur.
Most american tribes use harvest.
Most american tribes use saguaro harvest.
Some american tribes use bison.
Some american tribes use roots.
American troops are as capable as any other of committing atrocities.
American troops are in battle against some evil foreign power.
American troops arrive with helicopters.
American troops capture Mexico City.
American troops come home from all around the world.
American troops continue to victimize local residents.
American troops cross border into Cambodia.
American troops defeat British troops at the Battle of Saratoga.
American troops do the fighting and the American people pay the bill.
American troops enter Mexico to aide rebels.
American troops keep watch on who is where, remove unexploded weapons and try to prevent violence.
American troops kill more of their allies in friendly fire than they do the enemy.
American troops look on as Germans exhume corpses from a mass grave.
American troops patrol the Kosovo side.
American troops reach Nuremberg.
American troops withdraw from Iraq.
American turkey is good.
Most American turquoise comes from, in order, Nevada, Arizona, Colorado and New Mexico.
American types are smaller, but resistant to mildew.
American umpires make mistakes, too.
American uncle comes before cardinal in like manner.
American uncle follows up lab reversal to discover oily resin.
American unilateralism makes the worst of possible worlds more likely.
American unions face a choice.
American unions have a terrible history of violence.
American unionism has a shorter, but similarly colorful, history.
American units press their own counterattacks against the now overextended enemy.
American units suffer severely by having to check for ammo depletion each time they fire.
American universities are highly decentralized and highly competitive.
American universities are larger and more comfortable too.
American universities are leaders in Asia.
American universities are the best in the world.
American universities are the only ones who have comparative religions department.
American universities are truly multiversities.
American universities exploit professors because exploitation is a fact of life in the country.
American universities have no trouble filling their campuses with Asian students if they choose.
American universities help educate many thousands of foreign nationals, for instance.
American universities play an essential role in the realm of basic research.
American universities welcome international students who have met their selection criteria.
All American universities use the same test to assess applicants.
Many American universities are historically introspective and regional.
Many American universities trade students with a partner school overseas.
Some American universities give academic credit.
American usage capitalizes all the primary words in titles almost without exception.
American users are slightly older still.
American users can use the medium date format.
American utilities waste more energy in a year than Japan uses, according to the authors.
American values are crucial to American national interest.
American values are good and bring out the best in people.
American values are mostly low, reflecting shortages of ammunition and bayonets.
American values are universal.
American varieties are hardier and more suited for table use than European types.
American varieties come from Europe, where they migrated from central Asia.
American vehicles are in the middle.
American version is Ok.
American veterans are veterans.
American veterans live in our communities and attend our churches.
American veterans play a very significant role in Vietnam today.
More American veterans are alive today than at any point in the country's history.
American veterinarians report no adverse effects of early neutering.
American violence causes counterviolence which USA calls terrorism.
American violence is usually quick.
American visas come in two formats.
American visitors are exempt from the value-added tax on luxury items.
American visitors can buy online.
American volunteers help by teaching planning, management, production and marketing skills.
American voters are eager for a populist upheaval.
American voters are satisfied with the status quo.
American voters deserve no less.
American voters flirt with the irregular.
American voters know the truth.
Most American voters appear disinterested as the presidential campaign gears up.
Most American voters pay no federal income tax.
American vultures have no syrinx and are thus voiceless, emitting weak hisses.
American wages are high.
American waiver allows legal entry.
American wallpaper is sold in bolts of single, double or triple rolls with varying widths.
American war aims.
American warships begin shelling Vietnam.
American water works association main page.
American Web disclaims any warranty or merchantability or fitness for particular purpose.
American wheat sold in Germany becomes less expensive.
American wheat sold in Germany becomes more expensive.
American wheats are often crisp and refreshing with perhaps a touch of yeast fruit character.
American woman are very casual and open in the touchy feely department.
American woman is petite, delicate.
American women are at war with their bodies, and losing.
American women are capable of both competing and excelling in the job market.
American women are characteristically frigid and materialistic.
American women are either unusually fat or unusually thin, never of normal build.
American women are four times as likely to develop osteoporosis as men.
American women are four times more likely to die from breast cancer than Japanese women.
American women are four times more likely to die of breast cancer than Japanese women.
American women are four to seven times more likely than Asian women to die of breast cancer.
American women are four to six times more likely to die of heart disease than of breast cancer.
American women are generally less inhibited than women from other countries.
American women are independent.
American women are self-assured and strong of opinion.
American women are smokers.
American women are too superficial.
American women are very proud of the way they look.
American women ask less.
American women bear an average of two children during their lifetimes.
American women breastfeed infants.
American women buy our clothes to wear to their Indian friends' weddings.
American women consider Russian men to be romantic and strong.
American women enjoy the best and most rewarding job market in the world'.
American women have a harder time getting credit and are less likely to borrow money.
American women have a particular advantage in international business.
American women have a safe and effective early option for ending pregnancy.
American women have an abortion rate two times higher than other Western democracies.
American women have an ambivalent relationship with high heels.
American women have five times the rate of breast cancers.
American women have very different attitudes toward sexual interaction than French women.
American women keep knocking down one barrier after another.
American women like to argue alot and throw things around.
American women love many things, but most of all they love men.
American women plan for peace .
American women play a very important role in the shaping of society.
American women prefer lighter items such as grilled fish or broiled chicken and a variety of salads.
American women pride themselves on the number of responsibilities they take on.
American women read more than men.
American women say no.
American women say Vietnamese women do nails very good.
American women see opportunity.
American women spend millions of dollars a year on douching products.
American women spend more time surfing and visiting e-commerce sites than European women.
American women spend more time visiting ecommerce sites than European women.
American women understand facts.
American women win full voting rights.
American women writers .
American women writers.
Every American woman knows the name.
Many American women experience hot flashes and symptoms of menopause.
Many American women support the progress of women in all cultures.
Many American women work well into pregnancy and return to work soon after their child is born.
More American women die each year from heart disease than from all forms of cancer combined.
More American women die from heart disease than anything else.
More American women die from lung cancer than from breast cancer.
More American women die of heart disease than of any other cause, including breast cancer.
Most American women express concern about osteoporosis.
Most American women know that cancer and heart disease claim a high number of lives each year.
Most american women see opportunity.
Most American women seem to have a hatred in watching and attending sporting events.
Most american women understand facts.
Some american women are killed by lions.
Some american women attend clinics.
Some american women get grams.
Some american women take hostages.
American woodcock inhabit both bottomland and upland plant communities.
American woodcocks run along the ground with a headlong movement.
American woodworkers have various relationships with drafting.
American wool has many uses.
American workers are in a unique position to make the most of the opportunities in the new economy.
American workers are just as vulnerable.
American workers are no longer satisfied with swapping job gossip and gripes at the water cooler.
American workers are now in direct competition with workers in Bangladesh, Chile, and Mexico.
American workers are the most productive in the world.
American workers are the most productive, highest-paid workers in the world.
American workers are well trained, highly motivated and extremely productive.
American workers are workers.
American workers assigned to foreign countries face unique challenges.
American workers attain the highest rates of productivity in the world.
American workers can compete with anybody in the world if the playing field is level.
American workers can earn more.
American workers can t compete with slave labor.
American workers deserve a level playing field.
American workers deserve a safe place to work.
American workers deserve better.
American workers deserve tax relief.
American workers face future of long hours, faster pace, increasing isolation.
American workers have a tremendous stake in the outcome of the next census.
American workers have little to fear from imports.
American workers have opportunities unlike any they have had before.
American workers have to work longer hours to maintain their income levels.
American workers know how to use computer technology to work better and smarter.
American workers lead the world in degenerative diseases.
American workers make the finest products on the planet.
American workers talk about their jobs and the future.
Every American worker has an unspoken agreement with the government.
Many American workers feel pushed and overwhelmed on the job.
Many American workers lack the skills necessary to meet the challenges of global competition.
Most American workers agree that the single greatest waste of their time is attending meetings.
Most American workers pay for private health insurance through payroll deductions.
Most American workers realize that.
Most American workers work for specified periods of time.
Some American workers are more anxious than ever.
Some American workers can t even take bathroom breaks.
American writers are largely self-made.
American writers call it giving voice to the lines.
American writers gain prominence.
American writers ought to stand and live in the margins, and be more dangerous.
American writers tend to be extremely professional in what they do and what they say.
Most American writers focus strictly on Hollywood.
Most american writers gain prominence.
American writing comes from that.
American writing gets very insular.
All American writing comes from that.
American yellowwood grows best in full sun to partial shade and well-drained soils.
American yellowwood is spectacular in bloom.
Many American youngsters are so overweight they are off the current charts.
American youth are ignorant.
American youth are pragmatic about political participation.
American youth can change lives.
American youth spend more time with the media than with any single activity other than sleeping.
American youth take a personal look behind the politics of South Africa.
American zoos have giant pandas.
American zoos have pandas.
Most american zoos have giant pandas.
Most american zoos have pandas.
Americana food includes steaks, chicken, seafood, pasta dishes and sandwiches.
Americana music is American roots music, from acappella to bluegrass to zydeco.
Americanized door lock with separate knob located at top of rear of door.
Americom simplicity is the perfect solution for low volume long distance users.
Americorps members are a vital part of our program.
Americorps members assist our fifth-grade students in all core content areas.
Amerindian canoes have prows and sterns that are level with the sides of the craft.
Amerindian influence is seen in the use of indigenous plants like cassava and chilies.
AmeriSpec training is a hands-on, interactive experience.
Ameritech employees use the grounds extensively for jogging, walking and wildlife watching.
Ameritech rates are among the lowest in the Country.
Ameritech switch is overloaded.
Ameriwest loans are exclusively available to residents of Washington State.
Ametabolous insects show no metamorphosis.
All ametabolous insects are apterygote.
Amethyst also helps to ease the transition between life and death.
Amethyst calms impatience.
Amethyst can help strengthen the skeletal structure to improve posture.
Amethyst comes from the anointed body of a Greek maiden.
Amethyst dissipates evil thoughts and quickens the intelligence.
Amethyst energizes, cleanses and heals with a vibration of love energy.
Amethyst enhances meditation, intuition and strengthens the the immune system.
Amethyst gives the ability to recognize and speak the truth.
Amethyst has one of the oldest and best mineral web sites.
Amethyst helps lift the mundane lower energies into their higher expressions.
Amethyst increases mental powers, which makes it incredibly useful in psychism.
Amethyst induces vivid dreams, increases mental powers, and is useful in psychism.
Amethyst is a color which many people consider to be that of spirit.
Amethyst is a fairly common and abundant stone making it less expensive than other gems.
Amethyst is a good general stone for deepening spiritual practices.
Amethyst is a popular form of quartz that ranges from a bright to dark or dull purple color.
Amethyst is a powerful protection and spiritual awareness stone.
Amethyst is a primary healing stone.
Amethyst is a purple or violet transparent variety of quartz.
Amethyst is a purple variety of crystalline quartz, very similar to our own colorless rock crystal.
Amethyst is a quartz crystal that is purple in color.
Amethyst is a quartz crystal with a purple color.
Amethyst is a stone of power, protection, peace and spirituality.
Amethyst Is a stone of spirituality and contentment.
Amethyst is a stone of sprituality and contentment.
Amethyst is a stone to promote spiritual awareness and awakening.
Amethyst is a stone used to draw negativity away from the person using it and hold the energy there.
Amethyst is a sure averter of drunkenness.
Amethyst is a teacher of all things spiritual, mystic and psychic.
Amethyst is a translucent purple stone.
Amethyst is a type of quartz crystal.
Amethyst is a variety of quartz which occurs in a transparent light to dark purple.
Amethyst is a variety of quartz which occurs throughout the world.
Amethyst is a variety of quartz, and comes in pale lilac to rich, deep purple shades.
Amethyst is a very common quartz crystal.
Amethyst is also one of the few stones specifically prescribed for men to use for attracting women.
Amethyst is an affordable purple gemstone.
Amethyst is an aid to a good nights sleep.
Amethyst is associated with healing and spirituality and gives the sleeper pleasant dreams.
Amethyst is associated with many things, but one of the most familiar is stress reduction.
Amethyst is associated with spirituality and psychic vision, as are all purple-colored stones.
Amethyst is available in a wide range of calibrated sizes and shapes, including many fancy shapes.
Amethyst is beautiful, affordable and durable.
Amethyst is believed to enhance compassion and strengthen relationships.
Amethyst is cited here because it is one of the most frequently and universally used for healing.
Amethyst is common in Europe and in many parts of Scotland.
Amethyst is crystallized quartz with a purple hue that is popular for use in jewelry.
Amethyst is definitely one of the all-time most popular crystals.
Amethyst is extremely hard to come by in crackle glass.
Amethyst is for peacefulness, and garnet teaches patience.
Amethyst is for spiritual and creative energy activation.
Amethyst is found at several localities in western Maine.
Amethyst is found in abundance in every corner of the earth.
Amethyst is found in alluvial deposits or in geode rocks.
Amethyst is known as a spiritual stone, used for general healing and meditation.
Amethyst is looked upon as one of the principle energisers of the mind, body, and spirit.
Amethyst is mined in Brazil, Uruguay, Bolivia and Argentina and some African countries.
Amethyst is minerals.
Amethyst is one of the sixth-chakra stones.
Amethyst is one of the stones mentioned.
Amethyst is only one of several quartz varieties.
Amethyst is particularly lucky when worn on the left side.
Amethyst is perhaps the best known and most admired variety of quartz.
Amethyst is precious stones.
Amethyst is probably the best known and most popular gemstone.
Amethyst is purple or lavender quartz.
Amethyst is purple quartz and is a very popular gemstone.
Amethyst is purple quartz and is one of the most popular gemstones.
Amethyst is quartz
Amethyst is quartz.
Amethyst is said to transform negative energy into positive energy.
Amethyst is sometimes heat treated to form citrine .
Amethyst is the best known and most valuable form of quart.
Amethyst is the best-known and most valuable form of quartz.
Amethyst is the gem name given to purple quartz.
Amethyst is the most important member of the quartz family.
Amethyst is the most popular member of the quartz family.
Amethyst is the purple gemstone variety.
Amethyst is the purple variety of quartz and is a popular gemstone.
Amethyst is the stone of healing and royalty.
Amethyst is versatile in that it can heal physical, emotional and mental illnesses.
Amethyst is very special and powerful for spiritual awareness.
Amethyst is violet and is sometimes referred to as purple quartz.
Amethyst is violet quartz.
Amethyst needs to be cleaned at least once a month to purge the negative energy it is holding.
Amethyst offer the best location of any motel in Point Pleasant Beach.
Amethyst opens and activates the crown chakra.
Amethyst opens intuitive and psychic abilities.
Amethyst provides protection and balance during transition periods.
Amethyst Provides spiritual upliftment.
Amethyst pulls negativity away and can be used to protect.
Amethyst ranges in color from pale lilac to deep purple.
Amethyst ranges in color from violet to red-purple, but most often lighter tone.
Amethyst represents the eighth hour of the day.
Amethyst varies greatly in quality by grade.
Amethyst varies in color from a light to dark purple.
Amethysts are found in Brazil , Uruguay , Ontario , and North Carolina .
Amethysts are found in Brazil, Uruguay, Ontario, and North Carolina.
Amethysts are sexually dimorphic when in adult plumage.
Amethysts are stones of humility, peace of mind, piety, and resignation.
Amethysts are very sensitive to heat.
Amethysts are violet in color.
Amethysts contain a tremendous healing potential.
Amethysts look especially rich when set in gold and accented with diamonds.
Amethysts prevent drunkenness when placed under the tongue while drinking.
Amethysts strive to love themselves.
Amethyst frequently has a brown undertone and the undertone affects it pricing.
Amethyst often becomes paler if kept out in the sun.
Amethyst usually is a transparent variety of quartz that comes in shades of purple.
Most amethyst is of a medium lavendar to dark purple color.
Most Amethyst sold locally is brought in from another location or country.
AmEx orders are available.
Amharic names are concatenations of the child's given name and the father's given name.
Amherst rods are now rare collector items.
AMHS ferries are ideal for independent travelers.
Amiable competence can live forever.
Amiable solutions are possible.
Amibitious students can find even more data at the sites listed on the course web page.
Amicable numbers are a pair in which each one is the sum of the proper divisors of the other.
Amicable numbers have a long history in magic and astrology, making love potions and talismans.
Amicable relations exist among all religious communities.
Amictic females hatch from resting eggs when stimulated by environmental cues.
Amictic females produce diploid eggs that develop by ameiotic pathenogenesis into females.
Amidated pectin is a modified form of pectin.
Amide hydrolysis is catalyzed by either strong acids or strong bases.
All amide linkages can form hydrogen bonds with other H-bonding groups.
Amides are made from carboxylic acid groups and amine groups through the loss of water.
Amides are non-migratory slip additives.
Amides are organic compounds.
Amides can also be active, but their activity depends on the overall structure.
Amides made by deprotonating ammonia are very strong bases.
Amides undergo hydrolysis in acidic conditions to yield a carboxylic acid and an amine salt.
An amide is an organic compound
Amiga binaries require ixemul.library.
Amiga binaries require the ixemul.library.
Amiga binary requires ixemul.library.
Amiga binary requires the ixemul.library.
Amiga drivers are available for downloding.
Amiga software runs on a variety of computers and even on operating systems.
Amiga users are still here and have been here through all of the tumoil, buyouts, and bankruptcies.
Amiga users can use gzip .
Amigos are friends.
Amigos conducts a limited number of surveys and consultations each year at highly competitive rates.
Amigos displays the art in the restaurant throughout the year.
Amigos expects the tour to be a popular and well-attended event.
Amigos has a coffee shop plus lunch and dinner menus.
Amigos is a non-profit organization and charges no fee to participate.
Amigos is experimental in nature.
Amigos is one of the oldest and largest volunteer public heath organizations in the country.
Amigos is primarily for single people who want to find friends or mates.
Amigos is the exclusive marketing agent.
Amigos is totally anonymous so that students can send questions or comments.
Amigos is written monthly on four reading levels.
Amigos recommends using jiffy bags or other padded envelopes to protect materials.
Amikas library has a collection of foreign books on women's issues.
Amillennial Pessimism Consider the amillennial scenario.
Amine plants remove acid contaminants from sour gas and hydrocarbon streams.
Amine is organic matter.
Amine is paraffin
Amines are bases just like ammonia.
Amines are bases.
Amines are derivatives of ammonia , again, with alkyl groups substituting for hydrogen atoms.
Amines are generally modest or good nucleophiles.
Amines are the organic bases .
Amines are used a lot in chemistry .
Amines are used a lot in chemistry.
Amines are usually volatile at room temperature and smell like ammonia.
Amines are weak bases just as ammonia is.
Amines are well represented among biologically important molecules.
Amines can be both acids and nucleophiles.
Amines can trigger migraines.
Amines decompose to produce ammonia in feedwater.
Amines give up their protons at basic or alkaline pHs.
Amines have strong odors.
Amines react with acid chlorides and acid anhydrides to form amides.
All amines are water soluble.
Many amines have fowl odors.
Many amines have interesting physiological properties.
Most amines are insoluble in water, but are soluble in organic solvents like ether.
Amini scholarship halls .
Amino acid hormones are released by glands.
Amino acid hormones are released by pineal glands.
Amino acid substitution occurs at positions.
Amino acid contains atoms.
Amino acid contains sulfur atoms.
Amino acid derives from proteins.
Amino acid fluxes in rat thin limb segments of henle's loop during in vitro microperfusion.
Amino acid has chemical properties.
Amino acid has effects.
Amino acid has properties.
Amino acid is an organic compound
Amino acid is monomers.
Amino acid is organic compounds.
Amino acid is organic molecules.
Amino acid is part of proteins.
Amino acid is produced by digestion.
Amino acid produces during digestion.
Amino acid produces during protein digestion.
Amino acid supplements, no matter what form they take, are quite expensive.
Amino acids act as fuel for the body.
Amino acids affect how nutrients get absorbed in the intestinal tract.
Amino acids appear in nature with different frequencies.
Amino acids are a chemical groupcontaining nitrogen, carbon, oxygen and hydrogen.
Amino acids are a fundamental part of our diet.
Amino acids are already in our body.
Amino acids are also available in capsule form at most health food stores.
Amino acids are also important special nutrients in their own right.
Amino acids are also necessary in supporting the immune response.
Amino acids are also precursors of hormones, porphyrins and many other biomolecules.
Amino acids are also the links in a molecular chain .
Amino acids are also the main fuel source for the liver.
Amino acids are altered into forms that the body needs.
Amino acids are amphoteric.
Amino acids are an essential part of a properly balanced diet.
Amino acids are at the heart of bioinformatics.
Amino acids are carbons with a hydrogen, amino, and carboxyl groups, and a variable group.
Amino acids are chain compoundscontaining carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen.
Amino acids are chemical units that makeup proteins.
Amino acids are components of antibodies, which are substances that help the body fight disease.
Amino acids are compounds containing carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, and occasionally sulphur.
Amino acids are essential for building protein.
Amino acids are expensive, and high protein needs can be met by eating a well-balanced diet.
Amino acids are fundamental constituents of all proteins .
Amino acids are fundamental constituents of all proteins.
Amino acids are fundamental molecules that are used by all life forms to build proteins.
Amino acids are important building blocks in the production of proteins.
Amino acids are important to our bodies because they are the building blocks of proteins.
Amino acids are ineffective and their long-term health effects are unknown.
Amino acids are just milk, egg, meat.
Amino acids are light years from life.
Amino acids are literally the building blocks of proteins.
Amino acids are made into proteins by being joined together in a chain of peptide bonds .
Amino acids are made of nitrogen and sulfur in addition to carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.
Amino acids are molecules that are the 'building blocks' of protein.
Amino acids are monomers and have to be joined together to form proteins, whch are polymers .
Amino acids are monosaccharides pass through the villi walls into the capillary system.
Amino acids are necessary building blocks for all proteins.
Amino acids are necessary for growth and cellular replication throughout the body.
Amino acids are necessary for proper growth, development, health and maintenance.
Amino acids are necessary for protein synthesis to take place.
Amino acids are necessary for the formation of hormones and enzymes.
Amino acids are necessary nutrients.
Amino acids are necessary to make proteins , an important part of the human body .
Amino acids are necessary to make proteins, an important part of the human body.
Amino acids are organic compounds with at least one amino group and one carboxl group.
Amino acids are organic molecules composed by two groups, one carboxyl group and one amino group.
Amino acids are organic molecules that form the basic constituents of protein.
Amino acids are peculiar in that they have both basic and acid properties.
Amino acids are present in greatest abundance in egg yolk, fresh milk, liver, kidneys and cheese.
Amino acids are proteins.
Amino acids are reabsorbed by sodium dependent transporters in the proximal tubule.
Amino acids are represented by the one letter code.
Amino acids are responsible for generating new cells for blood in our body.
Amino acids are responsible for muscle growth and repair.
Amino acids are simple compounds of carbon, oxygen, hydrogen and nitrogen.
Amino acids are simply the most important nutrients.
Amino acids are small enough to pass into the bloodstream.
Amino acids are small nutrients that link together to make protein.
Amino acids are still scientifically questionable.
Amino acids are synthesized by specific enzymes, encoded by specific genes.
Amino acids are the basic building blocks of protein.
Amino acids are the basic building blocks of proteins.
Amino acids are the basic building blocks of the body.
Amino acids are the basic protein building blocks.
Amino acids are the basis for other supplements popular with athletes.
Amino acids are the body's building blocks for important chemical relaxants in the brain.
Amino acids are the building blocks for our entire body.
Amino acids are the building blocks for protein.
Amino acids are the building blocks for proteins.
Amino acids are the building blocks from which all proteins are made.
Amino acids are the building blocks from which protein molecules are constructed.
Amino acids are the building blocks of all proteins, which are found in all living things.
Amino acids are the building blocks of all proteins.
Amino acids are the building blocks of one of our most important nutrients-protein.
Amino acids are the building blocks of protein , the stuff of which the body is made.
Amino acids are the building blocks of protein and are found in a variety of foods.
Amino acids are the building blocks of protein, a necessity for life.
Amino acids are the building blocks of protein, and proteins are the building blocks of muscle.
Amino acids are the building blocks of protein.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins needed by the muscles to grow.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins which are used for plant growth and development.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins, the most important biomolecules.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins, which are needed by all cells in the body.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins, which carry out many functions in organismic life.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins.
Amino acids are the building blocks of the body.
Amino acids are the building blocks of the proteins in all living things.
Amino acids are the building blocks that combine to form proteins.
Amino acids are the building blocks that form body and dietary proteins.
Amino acids are the building blocks that make protein in our bodies.
Amino acids are the building blocks used to make proteins.
Amino acids are the building-blocks of protein.
Amino acids are the components which are used to build proteins.
Amino acids are the fundamental components of proteins and are synthesized in living cells.
Amino acids are the gray balls.
Amino acids are the heart of bioinformatics.
Amino acids are the ingredients of the cake itself.
Amino acids are the key to protein metabolism.
Amino acids are the main low molecular weight organic nitrogen compounds.
Amino acids are the materials the cell actually uses for the building of the protein.
Amino acids are the molecular building blocks of protein and muscle tissue.
Amino acids are the molecules from which proteins are made.
Amino acids are the monomers of polypeptides.
Amino acids are the predominant form of nitrogen available to the heterotrophic tissues of plants.
Amino acids are the primary end-products of digestion in the ruminant.
Amino acids are the principal building blocks of proteins and enzymes.
Amino acids are the real nutrients derived from proteins by digestion of food.
Amino acids are the small building blocks that make up all proteins.
Amino acids are the structural units comprising a polypeptide.
Amino acids are the subcomponents that make up protein.
Amino acids are the subunits of proteins.
Amino acids are the units from which proteins are made.
Amino acids are unique in that they neutralize and help eliminate free radicals.
Amino acids are very important for everyone.
Amino acids are very simple in structure, and very necessary for life.
Amino acids are vital in human chemistry.
Amino acids are zwitterionic, they have both positive and negative charges on the molecule.
Amino acids are, of course, a critical part of our biology.
Amino acids assay.
Amino acids break down into carbon chains and amino groups.
Amino acids can also form bonds through side chain linkages.
Amino acids can also occur in DL configuration with a mixture of D and L forms.
Amino acids can also provide energy but are needed as building blocks.
Amino acids can also stimulate growth hormone.
Amino acids can differ in the stability during storage.
Amino acids can exist as two enantiomorphs.
Amino acids can react to form amide bonds-the basic linkage in protein structure.
Amino acids can undergo reactions characteristic of any functional group in the molecule.
Amino acids chain to form proteins.
Amino acids come in two forms that are mirror images of each other.
Amino acids come together to build a chain.
Amino acids complete the racemization process when the amounts of L and D amino acids are equal.
Amino acids consist exclusively of the L-isomer .
Amino acids contain an amino group at one end, and a carboxyl at the opposite end.
Amino acids contain both an amine and a carboxylic acid group.
Amino acids contain carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, and sometimes sulfur.
Amino acids contain nitrogen as well as carbon, hydrogen and oxygen, the basic atoms of life.
Amino acids contain nitrogen which is toxic to the body - the liver converts it into urea.
Amino acids contain nitrogen, which is harmful for the body.
Amino acids contain one or more nitrogen atoms.
Amino acids contain primarily carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen atoms.
Amino acids continue to be linked until the protein is finished.
Amino acids contribute a few percent.
Amino Acids create neurotransmitters.
Amino acids derived from the hydrolysis of proteins can serve as sources of energy.
Amino acids dictate how the body responds to stress, hunger and other stimuli.
Amino acids differ in nature of R group, ranging from single hydrogen to complicated ring compounds.
Amino acids differ in the type of side chains they contain.
Amino acids enable vitamins and minerals to perform their jobs properly.
Amino acids enter the pool from ingested protein or from degradation of body protein.
Amino acids exhibit a peculiar feature known as chirailty.
Amino acids feed the brain the nutrients that belong there.
Amino acids form polypeptide chains.
Amino acids form protein.
Amino acids have a lot of flavor.
Amino acids have both positive and negative charges.
Amino acids have two forms of shorthand, a one character code and a three character code.
Amino acids help to sustain cell growth as well as restoration.
Amino acids incorporated into protein structures are of the L form .
Amino acids join together into a polypeptide chain.
Amino acids join with the peptide bond , to become parts of peptides or polypeptides .
Amino acids keep chromium from precipitating in the small intestine where the pH is alkaline.
Amino acids link together between the amide and carboxyl groups.
Amino acids link together in chains to form proteins .
Amino acids link together in long chains to form proteins in the body.
Amino acids link up to make a protein.
Amino acids make proteins which are building blocks for life.
Amino acids make proteins.
Amino acids make up protein and are an example of the former.
Amino acids make up proteins.
Amino acids modify the activity of canine intrinsic cardiac neurons involved in cardiac regulation.
Amino acids occur mainly in L-conformation in proteins.
Amino acids occur naturally in plant and animal tissues and are the basic constituents of proteins.
Amino acids pass into the lumen of the intestine from the mucosa and are reabsorbed again.
Amino acids play a vital role in the mechanisms of sexual arousal.
Amino acids provide the structural components of cells and tissues.
Amino acids represent quite a broad spectrum of different chemical structures.
Amino acids serve a wide variety of functions.
Amino acids serve as a source of nitrogen and energy and are utilized by most microorganisms.
Amino acids serve as the precursors of many important biomolecules besides protein.
Amino acids stick to various minerals, but most make no distinction between the l and d forms.
Amino acids support the recovery of individuals needing proper amino acid supplementation.
Amino acids suppress proteolysis independent of insulin throughout the neonatal period.
All amino acids are also present.
All amino acids are L configuration.
All amino acids are organic compounds that contain carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen.
All amino acids are pure, pharmaceutical grade.
All amino acids are weak acids with two or more ionizable groups.
All amino acids contain carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen.
All amino acids found in protein have the L configuration.
All amino acids have amino and carboxyl groups attached to the alpha-carbon atom.
All amino acids have an acid group and an amino group attached to a carbon atom.
All amino acids have fairly similar pKA's for their carboxyl and amino groups.
All amino acids require nitrogen for their development.
Every amino acid consists of an amine and a carboxyl bound to the same carbon atom.
Every amino acid contains nitrogen, which is found primarily in amino acids.
Every amino acid contains nitrogen.
Every amino acid has an alpha carbon.
Many amino acids are corepressors of the committed step enzyme genes.
Most amino acid contains atoms.
Most amino acid contains sulfur atoms.
Most amino acid derives from proteins.
Most amino acid has chemical properties.
Most amino acid has effects.
Most amino acid has properties.
Most amino acid is produced by digestion.
Most amino acid produces during digestion.
Most amino acid produces during protein digestion.
Most amino acids are common, and found in all food, but there are a couple that are harder to find.
Most amino acids are encoded by several different codons .
Most amino acids are present but their relative concentrations vary from species to species.
Most amino acids are very delicate and destroyed by stomach acids.
Most amino acids have an assymetric carbon which is common to all.
Most amino acids have more than one codon.
Some amino acid circulates in bloodstreams.
Some amino acid comes from proteins.
Some amino acid comes from tissue proteins.
Some amino acid contains nitrogen.
Some amino acid contains sulfur.
Some amino acid damages eyes.
Some amino acid enters blood streams.
Some amino acid enters bloodstreams.
Some amino acid enters capillaries.
Some amino acid enters streams.
Some amino acid enters tubules.
Some amino acid finds in blood.
Some amino acid finds in meat.
Some amino acid finds in muscle proteins.
Some amino acid finds in proteins.
Some amino acid finds in red meat.
Some amino acid finds in stonefishs.
Some amino acid is secreted by glands.
Some amino acid is secreted by pineal glands.
Some amino acid makes up eukaryotic proteins.
Some amino acid makes up proteins.
Some amino acid needs for division.
Some amino acid plays important roles.
Some amino acid plays roles.
Some amino acid uses for energy.
Some amino acids act as neuro transmitters.
Some amino acids are both ketogenic and glucogenic.
Some amino acids are catabolized into both glucogenic and ketogenic products.
Some amino acids are coded by two or more different triplets of DNA base pairs.
Some amino acids are essential and others are non-essential.
Some amino acids are essential to the diet.
Some amino acids are lipophilic and some are lipophobic.
Some amino acids are much more important than others to the proper nutrition of the bird.
Some amino acids are polar and some are neutral.
Some amino acids contain sulfur.
Some amino acids have a functional group that ionizes in solution.
Some amino acids have functional groups containing sulfur.
Some amino acids have only one possible codon.
Some amino acids have properties similar to neurotransmitters.
Amino groups are common in human biochemistry in a variety of settings.
Amino groups are removed from amino acids prior to energy conversion.
An amino group is a radical
Amino sugars play important roles in the immune system, neuronal processing, and structural support.
Aminobiphenyl hemoglobin adducts in fetuses exposed to the tobacco smoke carcinogen in utero.
Aminocaproic acid works well following tooth extractions.
Aminoglycoside dosage regimens.
Aminolevulinic acid causes skin cells to become much more sensitive to certain types of light.
Aminolevulinic acid prepares the skin it is used on for light therapy.
Some aminolignin preparations show the selective activity as bile acids absorbents in medicine.
Aminooxyacetic acid produces excitotoxic brain injury in neonatal rats.
Amiodarone decreases the effects of chemicals on the heart.
Amiodarone forms a precipitate when mixed with sodium bicarbonate and deemed incompatible.
Amiodarone increases the risk of bradycardia, AV block and heart muscle depression.
Amiodarone inhibits production of tumor necrosis factor- by human mononuclear cells.
Amiodarones are amine.
Amiodarones are drugs.
Amiodarones are ether.
Amiodarones are ketones.
An amiodarone is antiarrhythmic medication
Amish bishops face the ongoing challenge of discerning what to shun and what to embrace.
Amish buggies have the same right of way as automobiles.
Amish buggies pass right by the inn.
Amish cheese is also available.
Amish chicken is the centerpiece here, impressively fresh and well-prepared.
Amish children attend Amish schools which go through the eighth grade.
Amish children work with their family to run the farm and have chores starting at an early age.
Amish communities are very different from most other communities in the world.
Amish families are large and stable with age bestowing social status.
Amish families are notoriously stable.
Amish families live today much the same as they did a century ago.
Most Amish families eat three meals a day together.
Amish farms dot the countryside and shops fill the town with the most interesting places to enjoy.
Amish farms dot the countryside and shops fill the town.
Amish fashion is distinctive.
Amish groups tend to be cautious on technology and involvement with the larger world.
Amish homes are large, often showing signs of additions made for the many sons and their families.
Amish homes are private residences.
Most Amish homes have rooms that are separated by partitions.
Amish kids are in drug trouble in Pennsylvania.
Amish law prohibits having photographs taken of believers' faces.
Amish men gather for a day of work and socializing to build the bulk of the structure.
Amish men wear either straw or black wide brimmed hats.
Amish men wear their hair long and unparted.
Amish names are always German.
Amish people are required by their religion to only marry and have children with other Amish people.
Amish people are required by their.
Amish people live in our community, too.
Amish quilts are an expression of frugality.
Amish quilts are works of art.
Amish quilts continue to be a source of inspiration to quilters.
Amish schools appear to be an important factor in maintaining the Amish way of life.
Amish shops produce an amazing variety of products and services.
Amish shops selling everything from quilts to gazebos dot the countryside.
Some Amish teenagers appear to have formed a cult and engage in a spate of robberies.
Amish weddings are very simple, joyous events that involve the whole community.
Most Amish youth opt to joing the church in their teens and early youth.
Amitraz poisoning occurs from ingestion of a tick collar.
Amitriptyline increases chemicals in the brain.
Amitriptyline relieves diabetic neruopathy pain in patients with normal or depressed mood.
Amitriptyline relieves diabetic-neuropathy pain in patients with normal and depressed mood.
Amitriptyline tends to be somewhat more sedating and better as a sleep adjunct.
Amitriptylines are drugs.
Amitriptylines are medicine.
An amitriptyline is an antidepressant drug
Amity can be overwhelming to the novice wine fan.
Amity IS a big family.
Amity is a summer town.
Amity is friendliness
Amity is good for shipping, freezing, and canning.
Amity is part of that co-ordination network.
Amity is peace.
Amity is the preferred food-type winter oat.
Amla fruit has one of the highest.
Amla fruit is seasonal.
Amla fruits are anabolic, anti-bacterial and resistance building.
AmLa students use the listening lab for pronunciation and listening comprehension practice.
Ammeraal belts play a vital role in the conveying and processing of a wide variety products.
Ammeters are always place in series with the current to be measured.
Ammeters are meters.
Ammeters go in series in the circuit they are measuring.
An ammeter is a meter
Many ammeters have several selectable shunts which provide their corresponding current meter ranges.
Ammo boxes are damn tough and water proof, their only disadvantage is their weight.
Ammo dump is center.
Ammo crates that can be loaded into trucks and transported .
Ammo is an arms
Ammo is expensive.
Ammo is free during the program, usually donated by the industry or local gun dealers.
Ammo is generally pretty cheap, and there is no excuse for going into combat without full reserves.
Ammo is great at any age.
Ammo is located throughout each level, and also look for secret doors and areas to find more.
Ammo is precious but a sidewinder in the gut is very gratifying.
Ammo is rather scarce so use it wisely.
Ammo sings in the streets.
All ammo is carried in artillery ammunition wagons.
All ammo is guaranteed and sold over the internet or at stores.
Ammobiums are very productive and can be cut several times in a season.
An ammobium is a flower
Ammonia absorbents are also good and help in keeping the fish from stressing out.
Ammonia absorption increases as ruminal concentration increases.
Ammonia availability is a predictable fertilizer, whereas organic N availability is unpredictable.
Ammonia batteries have pros and cons.
Ammonia chloride is a chemical used to prevent urinary calculi.
Ammonia content wastes.
Ammonia emission is very sensitive to pH, with a lower pH resulting in lowered ammonia emission.
Ammonia excretion is common in aquatic animals.
Ammonia excretion is much less suitable for land animals.
Ammonia gas can irritate the eyes.
Ammonia injury causes desiccation of roots and die-back from the root tips.
Ammonia intoxication is an uncommon complication of biliary atresia.
Ammonia levels are pH dependent, and can fluctuate throughout the day.
Ammonia liquor has a safe, gentle swelling action, which opens up fibre structure.
Ammonia loss is generally greater during the spring and summer months.
Ammonia losses begin immediately after it leaves the hog.
Ammonia losses can be great if the application is shallow, especially in very dry or very wet soils.
Ammonia nitrogen is lost.
Ammonia nitrogen is much more subject to field losses than is organic nitrogen.
Ammonia nitrogen is present in various concentrations in many surface and ground water supplies.
Ammonia nitrogen is subject to loss by volatilization.
Ammonia odour occurs when there is an excess of nitrogen or green material.
Ammonia production begins upon adding manure to a warm, moist soil.
Ammonia production can augment proton excretion on an as-needed basis.
Ammonia production increases as protein in the diet increases.
Ammonia release is highest during periods when the soil is drying rapidly.
Ammonia removal is accomplished by varying the amount of air supplies to the process.
Ammonia servicing is complete.
Ammonia solution is an approproate example to start with.
Ammonia test uses improved salicylate instead of nessler reagents which can give false readings.
Ammonia toxicity can occur.
Ammonia toxicity is a natural by-product of normal protein synthesis.
Ammonia toxicity is believed to be a cause of otherwise unexplained losses in fish hatcheries.
Ammonia toxicity is one of the greatest challenges with rotifer production.
Ammonia vapor combines with oxygen to produce water vapor and nitrogen.
Ammonia vapor is dumped overboard.
Ammonia vapor is pumped into the developer as long as the machine is running.
Ammonia vapor turns pink litmus paper blue.
Ammonia acts as a low-level stressor, robbing pigs of energy needed for growth.
Ammonia acts as a weak base .
Ammonia also appears in runoff from dairies and cattle feedlots.
Ammonia also arrives at the liver from the intestine where it is generated in part by bacteria.
Ammonia also can make cleaning supplies which can be used on glass.
Ammonia also causes a loss of appetite resulting in slower gains.
Ammonia also plays a role in both normal and abnormal animal physiology .
Ammonia based glass cleaners can cause Plexiglas to become cloudy.
Ammonia can act as a ligand in transition metal complexes .
Ammonia can also adversely affect metabolism and amino acid transport.
Ammonia can also be toxic to aquatic life.
Ammonia can also cause darkening of dried fruits.
Ammonia can also increase mucus production.
Ammonia can be harmful to fish, even though fish produce some ammonia as a natural byproduct.
Ammonia can be particularly high when stalls are being mucked out.
Ammonia can be toxic to fish, although all fish produce some ammonia as a natural byproduct.
Ammonia can be toxic to fish, even at relatively low concentrations.
Ammonia can build up very quickly.
Ammonia can cause brain irritation and even death, at surprisingly low levels.
Ammonia can cause corrosive burns.
Ammonia can cause deterioration of the plastic.
Ammonia can cause respiratory problems in rabbits.
Ammonia can cause severe damage to the eyes, throat, and lungs.
Ammonia can cause severe eye damage upon contact.
Ammonia can cross blood brain barrier.
Ammonia can have a toxic effect on fish and other aquatic wildlife.
Ammonia can increase susceptibility to viral illness and aggravate chronic respiratory conditions.
Ammonia can irritate the tissue of the rabbit s lungs and cause infection.
Ammonia can permanently damage the eyes, nose, mouth, and lungs.
Ammonia can react violently with halogens, such as chlorine, fluorine and bromine.
Ammonia can travel long distances, then fall back to the ground when it rains.
Ammonia causes the explosive polymerisation of ethylene oxide .
Ammonia costs less than caustic soda and has many of the same advantages.
Ammonia damages the ciliated cells and slows the mucociliary apparatus.
Ammonia does many good things.
Ammonia has a high latent heat of vaporisation and is an effective refrigerant fluid.
Ammonia has a higher solubility in water than any other gas known.
Ammonia has a very strong odor.
Ammonia has a wide range of industrial applications.
Ammonia has many undesirable effects at high concentrations.
Ammonia has only one nitrogen per molecule, but it is quite toxic.
Ammonia has the ability to form hydrogen bonds.
Ammonia held by farmers for use as a fertilizer is exempt from formal risk management requirements.
Ammonia imitates the smell of dog urine.
Ammonia inhibits phagosome-lysome fusion in macrophages.
Ammonia is a base and ammonium is an acid.
Ammonia is a binary compound
Ammonia is a byproduct of fish metabolism and the decomposition of organic matter.
Ammonia is a by-product of protein metabolism.
Ammonia is a byproduct of protein processing.
Ammonia is a byproduct of the breakdown of human waste and can be poisonous to fish.
Ammonia is a byproduct of the urea manufacturing process.
Ammonia is a clear, colourless gas.
Ammonia is a colorless gas with a sharp intensely irritating odor.
Ammonia is a colorless gas with a strong pungent odor.
Ammonia is a colorless gas, lighter than air, with a sharp odor.
Ammonia is a colorless gas, soluble in water, with a pungent odor.
Ammonia is a colorless, highly irritating gas with a sharp, suffocating odor.
Ammonia is a colourless gas and has a characteristically pungent odour.
Ammonia is a colourless gas with a characteristic pungent smell.
Ammonia is a common naturally occurring substance.
Ammonia is a completely natural substance.
Ammonia is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen.
Ammonia is a corrosive, colorless, gas with a sharp odor.
Ammonia is a dangerous substance in itself, although it is also a very common household chemical.
Ammonia is a form of nitrogen, which is a nutrient.
Ammonia is a gas that is a mix of nitrogen and hydrogen.
Ammonia is a gas that is lighter than air.
Ammonia is a great cleaner in general.
Ammonia is a highly toxic substance to muscle cells.
Ammonia is a mineralized form of nitrogen and is readily usable by plants as a nutrient.
Ammonia is a more expensive item to measure accurately.
Ammonia is a natural part of the composting process.
Ammonia is a precursor to nitrite, which is then converted to nitrate.
Ammonia is a primary eye and upper respiratory tract irritant.
Ammonia is a primary raw material for the production of diammonium phosphate fertilizer.
Ammonia is a prime source of nitrogen enrichment.
Ammonia is a problem because it can volatilize and move into the atmosphere.
Ammonia is a protein-building chemical.
Ammonia is a required precursor to fertilizers , explosives , and other products.
Ammonia is a respiratory irritant.
Ammonia is a severe irritant of the eyes, respiratory tract, and skin.
Ammonia is a strong organic base that has a powerful and destructive effect on mucous membranes.
Ammonia is a toxic form of nitrogen that causes algae blooms and fish kills in coastal waters.
Ammonia is a toxic ingredient.
Ammonia is a toxic substance in vertebrates.
Ammonia is a trigonal pyramidal molecule.
Ammonia is a troublesome by-product of manure decomposition.
Ammonia is a weak acid and hydrobromic acid is a strong acid.
Ammonia is a weak base.
Ammonia is absorbed in the gut from the breakdown of dietary protein.
Ammonia is absorbed through the rumen wall and is converted to urea by the liver.
Ammonia is added three hours after the chlorine, in a process called chloramination .
Ammonia is added to promote liquefaction and prevent spoilage.
Ammonia is added to reduce chlorine-like tastes and to maintain the chlorine in the water.
Ammonia is alkaline and caustic, and is a powerful irritant.
Ammonia is alkaline and hence raises the dough p.
Ammonia is also a nutrient of growing concern.
Ammonia is also a very good refrigerant and is used to a significant extent in large warehouses.
Ammonia is also an irritant that affects the skin, eyes and respiratory passages.
Ammonia is also very corrosive to copper and copper alloys.
Ammonia is also vital in the manufacture of many chemicals, plastics, vitamins, and drugs.
Ammonia is among the five most abundantly produced chemicals in the world.
Ammonia is an extreme example.
Ammonia is an important aquatic plant nutrient because it is readily available.
Ammonia is an important starting material in the manufacture of fertilizers and explosives.
Ammonia is an indicator of the presence of copper ions.
Ammonia is an irritant that often affects the eyes, nose, throat, and lungs.
Ammonia is an irritant.
Ammonia is another nitrogen compound that contributes to the acidification of soil and water.
Ammonia is apparently a natural byproduct of hog waste and therefore is often found in hog barns.
Ammonia is bases.
Ammonia is basic and raises the pH of the medium.
Ammonia is biodegradable.
Ammonia is both a metabolic waste and a metabolic input throughout the biosphere .
Ammonia is can have either organic or inorganic sources.
Ammonia is chemical compounds.
Ammonia is colorless in water solution with a strong and suffocating odor.
Ammonia is combined with the chlorine to form chloramine.
Ammonia is considered a high health hazard because it is corrosive to the skin, eyes, and lungs.
Ammonia is considered to be a weak base.
Ammonia is converted into urea in the liver.
Ammonia is converted to Ammonium in Acidic waters.
Ammonia is converted to nitrate by nitrification.
Ammonia is converted to nitrates which are taken up by aquatic plants and algae.
Ammonia is converted to nitrite, then to nitrate.
Ammonia is converted to nitrites, then to nitrates, which are taken up by aquatic plants and algae.
Ammonia is converted to nitrites, which are then converted to nitrates.
Ammonia is converted to urea and excreted as a waste product.
Ammonia is cooled and liquefied at the reaction pressure , and then removed as liquid ammonia .
Ammonia is corrosive to aluminum and zinc.
Ammonia is deadly in a highly concentrated form, and in an enclosed area it can kill a person.
Ammonia is deadly to fish and causes permanent damage to their gills.
Ammonia is destructive to tissues of the skin, eyes and mucous membranes.
Ammonia is directly or indirectly the precursor to most nitrogen-containing compounds.
Ammonia is easy to liquefy, making it an excellent coolant and solvent.
Ammonia is emitted by certain paints, epoxies, adhesives and house-keeping products.
Ammonia is especially harmful to young, newborn foals.
Ammonia is excreted by fish and invertebrates and results from the break down of organic matter.
Ammonia is extremely corrosive to the skin, eyes, and mucous membranes.
Ammonia is extremely toxic to both fish and plants.
Ammonia is extremely toxic.
Ammonia is formed from the breakdown of protein in the body.
Ammonia is formed when amino groups are removed from amino acids.
Ammonia is formed when uric acid in poultry manure decomposes.
Ammonia is formed.
Ammonia is found in many detergents.
Ammonia is found in two forms in the pond.
Ammonia is highly corrosive to the eyes.
Ammonia is highly soluble in water and therefore in tissue fluids.
Ammonia is highly toxic and highly soluble in water.
Ammonia is highly toxic for fish and low concentrations can cause mortality.
Ammonia is highly toxic in freshwater tanks, but even more toxic in reef and saltwater environments.
Ammonia is highly toxic.
Ammonia is highly volatile and moves upward in the atmosphere quickly where it is dilluted.
Ammonia is immobile, nitrate is very mobile.
Ammonia is inappropriate in some situations.
Ammonia is initial waste product.
Ammonia is injected by means of compressed gas or steam carriers.
Ammonia is injected into the pressurized duct beneath the grain pile.
Ammonia is inorganic compounds.
Ammonia is introduced into the air columns at the surface from a detailed UK emission inventory.
Ammonia is introduced into the tanks by fish urine, digestive waste and decay.
Ammonia is invisible waste from the fish itself and the fish's food.
Ammonia is lighter than air and generally dissipates from a well-ventilated facility.
Ammonia is lighter than air and has a strong bleach-like smell.
Ammonia is lightly reactive, easily undergoing oxidation, substitution and additional reactions.
Ammonia is located in cabinets.
Ammonia is made of hydrogen and nitrogen.
Ammonia is manufactured by combining nitrogen and hydrogen directly.
Ammonia is measured by the wastewater laboratory.
Ammonia is more specific to olive fly and pheromone is even more specific.
Ammonia is mostly from fertilizers and partly from auto exhausts.
Ammonia is often the starting compound for many other nitrogen compounds.
Ammonia is one of the major irritants.
Ammonia is one of the most efficient greenhouse gases.
Ammonia is one of the most important inorganic nitrogen compounds.
Ammonia is one of the most toxic waste products that accumulates in intensive aquaculture systems.
Ammonia is one of the normal byproducts of the breakdown of proteins in the body.
Ammonia is one such example.
Ammonia is one.
Ammonia is only one of the gases released from farms that has an unpleasant odor.
Ammonia is oxidized into nitrates.
Ammonia is oxidized to nitrate also during the aeration process.
Ammonia is particularly effective for the removal of biological growth.
Ammonia is particularly useful as the main source of nitrogen in fertilizers.
Ammonia is poisonous, so keep the mixture away from children and arrange good ventilation.
Ammonia is poisonous, so keep.
Ammonia is present for a good week or two before the nitrites show up in normal cycling.
Ammonia is present in both human and animal waste.
Ammonia is present in the waste of both humans and animals.
Ammonia is produced as animal waste decomposes.
Ammonia is produced by fish as their waste product and from uneaten food.
Ammonia is produced by the breakdown of protein during tissue metabolism.
Ammonia is produced by the deamination of excess amino acids in the liver.
Ammonia is produced from natural gas and air.
Ammonia is produced in great amounts as a byproduct of meat metabolism.
Ammonia is produced in large amounts by goldfish themselves.
Ammonia is produced when certain bacteria volatilize ammonium and nitrate.
Ammonia is produced when excess dietary proteins are present in the diet.
Ammonia is released by bacterial action of urine and faeces found on floors and in manure pits.
Ammonia is released by the action of bacteria that degrade organic matter.
Ammonia is released directly from fish and invertebrates along with solid waste and urine.
Ammonia is released into the environment by many industries and other human activities.
Ammonia is removed by bacteria that initially convert it into nitrite and subsequently into nitrate.
Ammonia is removed in the absorber and processed into a liquid fertilizer.
Ammonia is so toxic, in fact, that it has to be kept pretty dilute in order to protect the animal.
Ammonia is solutions.
Ammonia is somewhat toxic, is nasty if inhaled, and is dangerous if splashed in eyes.
Ammonia is still a main ingredient in many types of toothpaste.
Ammonia is still the nitrogenous waste most economical to synthesize in terms of energy.
Ammonia is subject to a process called nitrification.
Ammonia is such a substance.
Ammonia is synthesized.
Ammonia is the agent affecting fish.
Ammonia is the deadliest chemical for fish.
Ammonia is the decay product of animal proteins and is sometimes found in wastewater.
Ammonia is the end product of our food chain.
Ammonia is the first product of the cycle.
Ammonia is the first step in the production of urea, which is excreted by kidneys.
Ammonia is the form of N most often used.
Ammonia is the friendly refrigerant.
Ammonia is the immediate break down product of amino acids.
Ammonia is the least stable form of nitrogen, so it can be difficult to measure accurately.
Ammonia is the major end product in the breakdown of proteins in fish.
Ammonia is the major nitrogenous waste product of nematodes.
Ammonia is the most common odor produced in a rabbit facility.
Ammonia is the most common oxidant, although pure nitrogen is also used.
Ammonia is the most significant volatile breakdown product of protein decomposition.
Ammonia is the most toxic nitrogenous waste and causes harmful effects if accumulated in the body.
Ammonia is the most troublesome and toxic of all.
Ammonia is the nitrogen form that is available to the crop.
Ammonia is the primary chemical waste product of the fish.
Ammonia is the principal soluble nitrogenous constituent of rumen fluid.
Ammonia is their equivalent of urine and it is set free in our bodies by parasites in large amounts.
Ammonia is too, but as diluted above, comparably less so.
Ammonia is toxic and if too much builds up in the body it can be fatal.
Ammonia is toxic and, under certain limited conditions, flammable and even explosive.
Ammonia is toxic but is a principal component of fertilizer production.
Ammonia is toxic end product of protein metabolism.
Ammonia is toxic in low concentrations and severely stresses fish under ANY concentration.
Ammonia is toxic substances.
Ammonia is toxic to all fish.
Ammonia is toxic to aquarium inhabitants.
Ammonia is toxic to cells, it reduces the formation of glycogen, and it inhibits the energy cycle.
Ammonia is toxic to fish at relatively low concentrations in pH-neutral or alkaline water.
Ammonia is toxic to fish in amounts too small to be accurately tested by the home aquarist.
Ammonia is toxic to fish.
Ammonia is toxic to many forms of aquatic life.
Ammonia is toxic to plants, but some ammonium ions can be taken up at low concentrations.
Ammonia is toxic to plants.
Ammonia is toxic to the body and damages cells.
Ammonia is toxic to the body and is converted to urea by the liver.
Ammonia is toxic to the body but most individuals are able to easily excrete it through the urine.
Ammonia is toxic.
Ammonia is transferred to the plant where it is used for growth.
Ammonia is typically the primary form in which nitrogenous wastes appear in human urine.
Ammonia is under controlled conditions biologically oxidized to nitrate.
Ammonia is used as a fuel , as a fertilizer for crops , and for making many other things .
Ammonia is used as a fuel, as a fertilizer for crops, and for making many other things.
Ammonia is used in many modern refrigeration systems.
Ammonia is used in the manufacture of fertilisers and of nitric acid.
Ammonia is used to create fertilizers to use on farms.
Ammonia is used to make nitric acid , which in turn reacts with ammonia to form ammonium nitrate .
Ammonia is very alkaline and very caustic.
Ammonia is very alkaline.
Ammonia is very important for living organisms.
Ammonia is very irritating and can cause lung disease.
Ammonia is very like water in almost all ways.
Ammonia is very toxic and usually is excreted directly by marine animals.
Ammonia is very toxic, especially in the brain.
Ammonia is very toxic.
Ammonia is widely available in natural forms.
Ammonia is, thus, an invaluable tool in measuring the physical conditions in molecular clouds.
Ammonia leaves the tank as a liquid and then turns into a gas and fills the area under the plastic.
Ammonia mediates communication between yeast colonies.
Ammonia needs to be monitored.
Ammonia neutralizes the carbonic acid.
Ammonia plays a role in the formation of very small airborne particles.
Ammonia remains an ingredient in several retardants.
Ammonia results primarily from agricultural operations.
Ammonia seems to be a nitrogen source.
Ammonia stored under pressure is in a liquid form, but converts to a gas when released into the air.
Ammonia takes the itch out of bites.
Ammonia typically is used in refrigeration systems.
Ammonia wastes exits the body by diffusion through the respiratory trees.
More ammonia is lost into the air when the manure is spread onto fields.
Some ammonia is added.
Ammoniacal nitrogen favors disease severity compared to nitrate nitrogen.
Ammoniacal nitrogen includes all the ammonium forms of nitrogen in the fertilizer.
Ammoniacal odour suggest achlorohydria.
Ammoniated hay provides a base upon which supplementation programs can be developed.
Ammoniated mercury is also very good to put on.
Ammonification is conversion of organic nitrogen compounds into ammonia.
Ammonification is diffusion
Ammonification is nitrogen mineralization.
Ammonification is permeation.
Ammonification is the decomposition of organic nitrogen back into ammonium.
Ammonite extinction is a hotly debated topic.
Ammonite fossils are found on every continent.
Ammonite fossils show the shape of the creature.
Ammonite occurrences are clearly related to the sequences recognized.
Ammonite shells are among the most common fossils.
Ammonite shells contain various minerals, some of which exist as isotopes.
Most ammonite shells are coiled, and all contain a series of linked chambers.
Ammonites are a dominant group.
Ammonites are amongst the most abundant and well known of fossils.
Ammonites are extinct relatives of modern cephalopods.
Ammonites are flat spiral fossil shells of extinct cephalopods, from the the Mesozoic age.
Ammonites are fossils.
Ammonites are nautilus-like shells frequently found in fossil formations.
Ammonites are probably the most visually appealing.
Ammonites are relatives of squid, octopus and the chambered nautilus.
Ammonites are some of the best known and most found invertebrate fossils in Cretaceous period rock.
Ammonites are some of the most fascinating fossils to be found and are incredibly diverse.
Ammonites are the fossilized remains of ancient sea creatures.
Ammonites are very common fossils in Jurassic rocks.
Ammonites are very popular with fossil collectors.
Ammonites build their shells using two types, or isotopes, of oxygen atoms.
Ammonites evolve from nautiloids and become one of the dominant invertebrate forms.
Ammonites feed near the surface.
Ammonites look like snails but they are related to squids.
Ammonites recover from near extinction and become important guide fossils.
Ammonites seem to be different, with a hatching size much more like that of the coleoids.
Ammonites vary considerably in size.
An ammonite is a fossil
Most ammonites are more or less spiral, and some indeed resemble ram's horns.
Most ammonites are smooth-shelled, but some have ridges, knobs, horns, etc.
Most ammonites have coiled shells.
Ammonium acetate is very soluble in ethanol.
Ammonium bichromate is more sensitive to light than potassium bicromate.
Ammonium carbamate is obtained by direct reaction of ammonia with carbon dioxide.
Ammonium carbamates are carbamates.
Ammonium carbamates are chemical compounds.
An ammonium carbamate is a carbamate
Ammonium carbonate is a white solid.
Ammonium carbonate is carbonate
Ammonium carbonate is the attractant, and the flies are caught on surfaces coated with tangletrap.
Ammonium chlorate is a highly instable explosive compound.
Ammonium chloride is a byproduct.
Ammonium chloride is a common laboratory reagent.
Ammonium chloride is chemical compounds.
Ammonium chloride is inorganic compounds.
Ammonium chloride is ionic compounds.
Ammonium chloride is salt
Ammonium chloride is salt.
Ammonium chloride makes an extremely good disinfectant.
Ammonium hydroxide is a liquid
Ammonium hydroxide is a volatile electrolyte solution.
Ammonium hydroxide is nothing more than household ammonia.
Ammonium ions are a toxic waste product of metabolism in animals .
Ammonium ions are formed in the breakdown of amino acids.
Ammonium ions contain nitrogen and hydrogen.
Ammonium ions help keep free nucleotides in solution.
An ammonium ion is ammonia
Ammonium lactate is a combination of lactic acid and ammonium hydroxide.
Ammonium lactate is a moisturizer.
Ammonium lactate is used to treat dry skin.
Ammonium nitrate encourages decomposition of ponderosa pine needles under laboratory conditions.
Ammonium nitrate is a colorless solid.
Ammonium nitrate is a common fertilizer.
Ammonium nitrate is a fertiliser.
Ammonium nitrate is a very important fertilizer .
Ammonium nitrate is also one of the primary chemicals used in the Oklahoma City bombing.
Ammonium nitrate is an excellent form to use because surface volatilization losses are minimized.
Ammonium nitrate is chemical compounds.
Ammonium nitrate is crystal.
Ammonium nitrate is explosives.
Ammonium nitrate is fertilizer.
Ammonium nitrate is ionic compounds.
Ammonium nitrate is made by reacting ammonia with nitric acid.
Ammonium nitrate is nitrate
Ammonium nitrate is nitrate.
Ammonium nitrate is of major importance in blasting.
Ammonium nitrate is the least volatile option.
Ammonium nitrate is the most common form of N used on blackberries.
Ammonium nitrate is the most common nitrogen source.
Ammonium nitrate is the same substance used in the Oklahoma City bombing.
Ammonium nitrate is used as a fertilizer.
Ammonium nitrate is used as a nitrogen fertilizer.
Ammonium nitrate is used in the production of explosives.
Ammonium perchlorate is a strong oxidizer and potentially explosive.
Ammonium perchlorate is an oxidizer in solid rocket propellant.
Ammonium perchlorate is used for fireworks, ammunition, and is a component of rocket fuel.
Ammonium perchlorate is used for missile fuel.
Ammonium perchlorate is used in the manufacture of rocket fuel.
Ammonium perchlorate is used more, though.
Ammonium perchlorate is very soluble and is mobile in groundwater and surface water.
Ammonium phosphate has a low to moderate toxicity.
Ammonium phosphate is added after color development to remove the ferric chloride color.
Ammonium phosphate is added to remove the color due to the ferric iron.
Ammonium phosphate is chemical compounds.
Ammonium phosphate is inorganic compounds.
Ammonium phosphate is solids.
Ammonium phosphate is toxic substances.
Ammonium phosphate is used in fertilizer to replenish nitrogen to the soil.
Ammonium phosphates meet that criteria and supply some N as well.
Some ammonium phosphates contain additional materials, such as sulfuric acid and urea.
Ammonium salts are also available on request as a custom order at the same price.
Ammonium salts are safe.
Ammonium salts give a positive test.
Ammonium salts give off ammonia when boiled with aqueous sodium hydroxide.
Ammonium salts keep the pH at best level for the action of the enzyme.
Ammonium salts react with metal hydroxides and oxides in an acid-base reaction to produce ammonia .
Ammonium sulfate can help overcome water quality problems.
Ammonium sulfate comes in granular and liquid forms.
Ammonium sulfate contains nitrogen only in the ammonium form.
Ammonium sulfate helps reduce the antagonism.
Ammonium sulfate is a good acid forming fertilizer.
Ammonium sulfate is a readily available form of sulfur fertilizer.
Ammonium sulfate is an excellent fertilizer which supplies sulfur as well as nitrogen to soils.
Ammonium sulfate is chemical compounds.
Ammonium sulfate is crystal.
Ammonium sulfate is formed and the acid is neutralized.
Ammonium sulfate is inexpensive and effective.
Ammonium sulfate is inexpensive and works well.
Ammonium sulfate is inorganic compounds.
Ammonium sulfate is ionic compounds.
Ammonium sulfate is produced by a flue gas desulfurization system.
Ammonium sulfate is readily available, especially in eastern North Carolina.
Ammonium sulfate is the most common source of N used on pasture grasses.
Ammonium sulfate stimulates root bud growth.
Ammonium sulfide is a very toxic chemical .
Ammonium sulfide is a very toxic chemical.
Ammonium sulfide is added to the preceding precipitate and the sulfides dissolve.
Ammonium vanadate is moderately toxic by skin ingestion.
Ammonium based fertilizers acidify soil pH through the process of nitrification to nitrate.
Ammonium based fertilizers are especially important for many herbicides when velvetleaf is present.
Ammonium is a cation, and therefore is held by the clay.
Ammonium is a plant nutrient.
Ammonium is ammonia
Ammonium is ammonia.
Ammonium is an ion, while ammonia is a molecule.
Ammonium is available to plants.
Ammonium is chemical compounds.
Ammonium is excreted in the urine, resulting in net acid loss.
Ammonium is part of the nitrification process that helps restore estuarine systems.
Ammonium is produced via catabolism of glutamine.
Ammonium is readily converted to nitrate is all but the wettest and driest soils.
Ammonium is released from the colloids by way of cation exchange .
Ammonium is soluble in water, but is tightly absorbed on exchange sites in the soil.
Ammonium is tetrahedral.
Ammonium is the biggest problem but bacteria and organic matter are also a concern.
Ammonium is the positive charged ion of plant available nitrogen, which is stable in soils.
Ammonium is the preferred source since it takes less energy to use that form of nitrogen.
Ammonium is used less by plants for uptake because in large concentrations it is extremely toxic.
Ammonium isa compound.
Ammonium thus dominates summer nitrogen supplies.
Some ammonium is incorporated into acid.
Some ammonium is incorporated into amino acid.
Some ammonium is produced by decomposition.
Ammonoid fossils are fairly common in the Cretaceous rocks of western Kansas.
Ammonoids differ from the nautiloids in some aspects.
Ammonoids represent almost the totality of the nektonic macrofauna.
An ammonoid is a fossil
Some ammonoids swam in the sea, while others lived on the seafloor.
Ammunition dumps are everywhere.
Ammunition also has a significantly shorter shelf-life than the weapons in which it is used.
Ammunition can also include flares and incendaries - chemicals that start fires.
Ammunition can ricochet off of water just like a skipped rock .
Ammunition changes in the middle of a hunt can also lead to a missed trophy.
Ammunition comes in a couple of flavors and each type fits in more than one weapon.
Ammunition contains lead.
Ammunition contains substances.
Ammunition feeding device includes any belted or linked ammunition.
Ammunition has (part) sections.
Ammunition has (part) weapons.
Ammunition is a composite of chemicals and metallic components.
Ammunition is also a fraction of the cost.
Ammunition is also available at a reduced cost.
Ammunition is always tricky to get right in a level.
Ammunition is an arms
Ammunition is an estimate.
Ammunition is an important factor in the game.
Ammunition is any material capable of being projected by a weapon and makes the weapon operational.
Ammunition is available and in good supply.
Ammunition is available for all weapons.
Ammunition is available for purchase at the lodge.
Ammunition is available in case lots only.
Ammunition is available on site.
Ammunition is belt-fed through the left side of the weapon by a disintegrating metallic link belt.
Ammunition is extra.
Ammunition is fed from box magazines mounted on the outside of each trunnion.
Ammunition is fixed and loading is manual, although ramming is automatic.
Ammunition is free.
Ammunition is information.
Ammunition is limited to a single lead projectile used with a cloth patch.
Ammunition is limited to a single spherical lead bullet and cloth patch.
Ammunition is located in guns.
Ammunition is located in war.
Ammunition is materials.
Ammunition is packaged in boxes according to the type of ammunition.
Ammunition is provided.
Ammunition is readily available in the markets.
Ammunition is required to hurl explosives and radioactive projectiles.
Ammunition is sold at the range, but better prices can sometimes be found.
Ammunition is stored in the turret bustle on both sides of the power unit.
Ammunition is the largest single element in rifle accuracy.
Ammunition is universally available.
Ammunition is uploaded and the system is on safe.
Ammunition is used in hunting.
Ammunition is within prescribed safe operating temperatures.
Ammunition isa weaponry.
Ammunition lasts only a few years and is manufactured in bulk in only a few dozen factories.
Ammunition needs to be respected.
Ammunition seems to have been rounded stones gathered from river-beds or the sea shore.
Ammunition stored under proper conditions can live almost indefinitely.
Ammunition tends to be more concentrated around and in gun emplacements.
Ammunition varies on the type of gun being used and the individual.
All ammunition comes from the script.
All ammunition is guaranteed.
All ammunition is pressure tested for accuracy safety, and quality.
All ammunition is shipped on corps transportation assets.
All ammunitions used are special range bullets.
Most ammunition contains lead.
Most ammunition contains substances.
Much ammunition is deep in the ground and affects groundwater.
Much ammunition is deep in the ground and affects the groundwater.
Amnesia assists no one.
Amnesia can be permanent , or it can be temporary .
Amnesia can be permanent, or it can be temporary.
Amnesia can result from a shock, or from halting between two opinions.
Amnesia is a common plot device in film noir.
Amnesia is a problem with remembering things .
Amnesia is a problem with remembering things.
Amnesia is a severe form of memory loss.
Amnesia is a state of mind
Amnesia is animes.
Amnesia is another danger that usually follows a sleepwalking episode.
Amnesia is central to the mannered theater that is life in Washington.
Amnesia is common for people with one of the dissociative orders.
Amnesia is devastating on the individual level.
Amnesia is diseases.
Amnesia is forgetfulness.
Amnesia is important in assessing severity of brain injury.
Amnesia is nightclubs.
Amnesia is no solution.
Amnesia is potentially a symptom of a serious problem and requires prompt medical attention.
Amnesia is really hard to get.
Amnesia is said to be retrograde when the memory loss is for events prior to the injury.
Amnesia is the best gift the voters can give any politician.
Amnesia is the colonization of memory.
Amnesia is the disease of the exiled.
Amnesia is the loss of memory.
Amnesia is total loss of memory.
Amnesia is venues.
Amnesia means serious memory loss.
Amnesia plays the latest mix of house and trans music.
Amnesia prevents memories of a trauma from entering the survivor's consciousness.
Amnesia refers to a partial loss of memory.
Amnesia results from loss of access rather than loss of stored information.
Amnesia seems the only solace.
Amnesia shows an incomplete response to treatment.
Most amnesia is due to physical causes.
Amnesiacs can learn through therapy to rely on other memory systems to compensate for what is lost.
Amnesiacs can still ride bikes.
An amnesiac is a handicapped person
Amnesty activists wear butterfly wings at an OUTfront rally in the Philippines.
Amnesty days require no prior arrangment with the instructor.
Amnesty meals are specific designated meals which require extra workers.
Amnesties just encourage more illegal immigrants to come in the hopes of yet another amnesty.
An amnesty is a warrant
An amnio is a prenatal diagnosis
More amnios mean more chances of fetal loss.
Amniocentesis test allows a foetus to be checked for abnormalities.
Amniocentesis can detect condition in the fetus.
Amniocentesis carries a slight risk of inducing a miscarriage.
Amniocentesis helps the doctor estimate the baby's lung maturity.
Amniocentesis is a prenatal diagnosis
Amniocentesis is a procedure in which fluid is sampled from the sac surrounding the baby.
Amniocentesis is a procedure whereby fluid is extracted from the amniotic sac.
Amniocentesis is a technique used mid-trimester to determine if the child has a genetic disease.
Amniocentesis is also available when indicated.
Amniocentesis is dangerous to the fetus and the nonstress test is notoriously undependable.
Amniocentesis is generally painless and safe.
Amniocentesis is medical tests.
Amniocentesis is prenatal diagnosises.
Amniocentesis is simply removal of a small amount of fluid from the amniotic sac.
Amniocentesis is usually a safe and effective procedure.
Amniocentesis is widely available and involves a lower risk of miscarriage.
Amniocentesis isa activity.
Amniocentesis isa procedure.
Amniocentesis takes a sample of amniotic fluid through a needle.
Amniocentesis tests a small sample of the amniotic fluid surrounding the fetus.
Amnion completely surrounds embryo.
Amnion is a constraining support for lateral body folding in chick embryos.
Amnion surrounds the embryo creating the amniotic cavity that is filled with amniotic fluid.
An amnion is a sac
Amniote skulls in lateral view showing the four main types of fenestration.
Amniote skulls in lateral view.
Amniotes adopt a more elevated stance than earlier tetrapods and living amphibians.
Amniotes are a group of organisms that include turtles, lizards, birds, dinosaurs and mammals.
Amniotes are as likely as frogs or salamanders to retain primitive reproductive character states.
Amniotes are known for having three membrane-bound sacs that surround their developing embryo.
Amniotes are primarily cla ssified by the number of holes in their skulls .
Amniotes are the reptiles, birds, and mammals.
Amniotes are vertebrates.
An amniote is a vertebrate
Amniotic dreams lacerate as viciously as an ice pick cracks a frozen heart.
Amniotic eggs are born from mammals birds and reptiles.
Amniotic eggs grow inside an amniote and are made of calcium that is leathery.
Amniotic eggs permits groups of vertebrates known as amniotes to live in dry terrestrial habitats.
Amniotic fluid begins to accumulate as the baby's kidneys begin to produce and excrete urine.
Amniotic fluid contains cells from the baby.
Amniotic fluid contains cells from the fetus that can be tested.
Amniotic fluid contains cells that are normally shed from the fetus.
Amniotic fluid contains cells which have been shed by the fetus.
Amniotic fluid contains loose cells shed by the skin of the fetus.
Amniotic fluid contains old fetal blood cells, lanugo hair and vernix.
Amniotic fluid has no smell and is clear.
Amniotic fluid has several important functions.
Amniotic fluid is actually a good conductor of sound.
Amniotic fluid is an amazing substance.
Amniotic fluid is analyzed for everything from genetic makeup to lung maturity.
Amniotic fluid is aspirated from the first sac.
Amniotic fluid is collected by amniocentesis.
Amniotic fluid is composed mostly of fetal urine.
Amniotic fluid is drained, and the baby lifted out.
Amniotic fluid is drawn from around the fetus under ultrasound guidance.
Amniotic fluid is embryology.
Amniotic fluid is generated by the baby urinating.
Amniotic fluid is humour
Amniotic fluid is largely the babies urine.
Amniotic fluid is put into production, and the amniotic and chorionic membranes appear.
Amniotic fluid is sent to the laboratory for analysis.
Amniotic fluid is the substance that surrounds a baby in the womb.
Amniotic fluid is usually clear and watery.
Amniotic fluid passes freely through fetal skin and into the body.
Amniotic fluid serves functions.
Amniotic fluid surrounds the fetus in the uterus and protects it from injury.
Most amniotic fluid serves functions.
Some amniotic fluid flows out of vaginas.
Some amniotic fluid protects fetuses.
Some amniotic liquids protect fetuses.
Amniotic membrane becomes indistinguishable from conjunctival tissue once covered by the epithelium.
Amniotic membrane is composed of one epithelial cell layer, basement membrane, and avascular matrix.
Amodal representation depends on the object seen before partial occlusion.
Amodal representations possess memory of objects seen before partial occlusion.
Amoeba genomes are simply huge - the largest genomes known to exist, in fact.
Amoeba isa protozoan.
Amoeba lives on microscopic organisms or upon the decayed remains of larger plants.
Amoeba stops moving and rounds off.
Amoebas also use pseudopods to surround and ingest prey.
Amoebas appear before fish, and fish before philosophers.
Amoebas are a type of microbe that decomposes both dead plant and animal marine life.
Amoebas are able to reproduce in both ways, depending on environmental variables.
Amoebas are amorphous and appear as jelly-like blobs as they move about.
Amoebas are asexual.
Amoebas are autotrophic, unicellular organisms.
Amoebas are capable of reproducing both sexually and asexually.
Amoebas are common in warm waters, but swimmers can take precautionary steps to avoid infection.
Amoebas are eukaryotes.
Amoebas are famous for asexual reproduction in the form of binary fission, or splitting in half.
Amoebas are found in ponds and ditches.
Amoebas are located in water.
Amoebas are more or less the same.
Amoebas are protists that cause a range of human diseases.
Amoebas are protozoans.
Amoebas are shapeless and eat by engulfing their food with their bodies.
Amoebas are simple in form consisting of cytoplasm surrounded by a cell membrane .
Amoebas are single-celled organisms that reproduce asexually.
Amoebas are small single-celled organisms that move using pseudopods.
Amoebas are software.
Amoebas are unicellular.
Amoebas belong to the soil recycling crew.
Amoebas can be human parasites and can cause dysentery while inhabiting the small intestine.
Amoebas can be like firewood, too.
Amoebas digest food.
Amoebas eat by a process called phagocytosis.
Amoebas eat so many bacteria that they compete with nematodes for food.
Amoebas excrete excess water.
Amoebas excrete water.
Amoebas feed on bacteria.
Amoebas feed themselves by trapping food particles in the surrounding water.
Amoebas generally live in fresh water, but some are found in soil or salt water.
Amoebas have (part) cell membranes.
Amoebas have (part) cells.
Amoebas have (part) corpi.
Amoebas have (part) cytoplasm.
Amoebas have (part) lips.
Amoebas have (part) mouths.
Amoebas have (part) nuclei.
Amoebas have (part) plasma membranes.
Amoebas have (part) sections.
Amoebas have (part) vacuoles.
Amoebas have diameters.
Amoebas have one.
Amoebas have pseudopodia, or false feet.
Amoebas have shapes.
Amoebas obtain food by capturing their prey with their pseudopodia.
Amoebas push out part of their cell which pulls the amoeba along.
Amoebas reproduce asexually by binary fission.
Amoebas reproduce by splitting in two through the cell division process called mitosis.
Amoebas reproduce by splitting into two or more individuals of about equal size.
Amoebas reproduce by the asexual process of binary fission .
Amoebas reproduce themselves by dividing into two equal parts.
Amoebas reproduce themselves.
Amoebas reproduce through binary fission .
Amoebas use binary fission.
Amoebas use fission.
Amoebas use their pseudopodia for mobility and to obtain food.
An amoeba is a protozoan
Most amoebas are harmless.
Most amoebas excrete excess water.
Most amoebas excrete water.
Most amoebas have diameters.
Most amoebas have shapes.
Most amoebas live in marine environments, although some freshwater species exist.
Most amoebas use binary fission.
Some amoeba also reproduce by multiple fission.
Some amoeba are parasitic and cause serious illness and even death in humans.
Some amoebas are parasitic.
Some amoebas enter contractile vacuoles.
Some amoebas enter noses.
Some amoebas enter vacuoles.
Some amoebas feed on algas.
Some amoebas find in fresh ponds.
Some amoebas find in ponds.
Some amoebas live in bottoms.
Some amoebas undergo binary fission.
Amoebas can also change directions if they find a clear, horizontal or vertical path to the player.
Amoebas can also form lesions on the eyes and skin, leading to further infection or blindness.
Amoebas can cause disease called amoebic dysentery .
Amoebas can change shape easily because their cell membranes are very thin and flexible.
Amoebas can grow to exceptionally large sizes for a unicellular organism.
Amoebas can live in freshwater, marine, and terrestrial habitats.
Amoebas change shape like that, only the forces are internal.
Amoebas feed by moving over to their prey and then wrapping their pseudopods around it.
Amoebas feed by surrounding, engulfing, and digesting food.
Amoebas lack flagella, and most reproduce asexually.
Amoebas lack flagella, and they reproduce asexually.
Amoebas lack glagella and most reproduce asexually.
Amoebas locomote by means of cytoplasmic movement.
Amoebas locomote by ways of cytoplasmic movement.
Amoebas move and feed by means of pseudopodia , temporary extensions of the cell.
Amoebas move by means of a process known as a. vacuolar contracting.
Amoebas move by means of extending pseudopods.
Amoebas move thru their envir.
Amoebas work out sets of relations with their environment as well.
Most amoebas reproduce asexually by pinching off a part of the cell membrane to form a new organism.
Some amoebas cause damage.
Some amoebas cause deadly infection.
Some amoebas cause death.
Some amoebas cause diarrhea.
Some amoebas cause disease in humans and animals.
Some amoebas cause extensive damage.
Some amoebas cause extensive tissue damage.
Some amoebas cause illnesses.
Some amoebas cause infection.
Some amoebas cause tissue damage.
Some amoebas form a shell from found material that they glue together to form a protective covering.
Some amoebas infect brains.
Amoebiasis can affect anyone, however, the disease mostly occurs in young to middle aged adults.
Amoebiasis can present with no, mild, or severe symptoms .
Amoebiasis is a common infection of the human gastro - intestinal tract.
Amoebiasis is infection
Amoebiasis is present all over the world.
Amoebic abscesses are also solitary lesions.
Amoebic cysts have a distinct cell wall.
Amoebic dysentery is treated with drugs.
Amoebic meningitis inhabits many thermal pools.
Amoebic meningoencephalitis can occur in healthy patients.
Amoeboid cells capture food particles from the water.
Amoeboid cells circulate in the mesoglea.
Amoeboid cells produce the skeletal elements known as spicules.
Amoeboid cells secrete the skeletal elements of the sponge.
Amoeboid organisms have cell membranes.
Amoeboid organisms have membranes.
Amoeboid organisms have thin membranes.
Amomum pods are larger and dark brown.
Amorality is capitalism's greatest virtue.
Amorality starts with assigning people numbers instead of names.
An amorality is quality
Amorphous boron is a brown powder.
Amorphous boron is used as a melting point depressant in nickel-chromium braze alloys.
Amorphous boron is used for fireworks and also in rockets as an igniter.
Amorphous boron provides a green color in pyrotechnic devices.
Amorphous carbon is a deep black powder that occurs in nature as a component of coal.
Amorphous carbon is completely isotropic .
Amorphous carbon is found in charcoal, coal, coke, carbon black and lampblack.
Amorphous carbon is the most reactive form of carbon.
Amorphous clays are young, and commonly found in volcanic ash.
Amorphous colloid is seen in the dermis on light microscopy.
Amorphous diamond lacks hydrogen, which makes it harder.
Amorphous forms exist when the solid substance has no crystalline structure.
Amorphous graphite is the lowest quality and most abundant.
Amorphous hydrogels are soft formless gels that become less viscous as they absorb fluid.
Many amorphous hydrogels are available pre- impregnated into a gauze dressing.
Many amorphous hydrogels contain propylene glycol, an agent which can result in allergic reaction.
Some amorphous ice is formed by accumulation.
Amorphous love replaces definite commands.
Amorphous materials are an example of the second category.
Amorphous materials can be both organic and inorganic.
Amorphous materials have an internal structure made of interconnected structural blocks.
Amorphous materials have arrangements.
Most amorphous materials have arrangements.
Amorphous modules use a high temperature sputtering process.
Amorphous opal is a silica mineral deposited by near-surface groundwater in arid regions.
Amorphous panels are a glass surface with a uniform black deposit of silicon on the back surface.
Amorphous plastics have good impact strength and toughness.
Amorphous polymers are generally transparent.
Amorphous selenium is either red, in powder form, or black, in vitreous, or glassy, form.
Amorphous silicon acts as a photo-diode that produces currents when exposed to exterior light.
Amorphous silicon is a glassy form of silicon, one of the most common elements in the earth's crust.
Amorphous silicon is a relatively new material.
Amorphous silicon photodiodes for replacing degenerated photoreceptors in the human eye.
Amorphous solid is one where the atoms are randomly arranged.
Amorphous solids are isotropic in nature.
Amorphous solids have a random distribution of particles.
Amorphous solids have no long-range order.
Amorphous solids have no regular pattern for molecule, atom or ion locations.
Amorphous sulfur is a dark, noncrystalline, gumlike substance.
Amorphous sulfur is formed when molten sulfur is quickly cooled.
Amorphous sulfur is soft and elastic and eventually reverts back to the orthorhombic form.
Amortization schedule Create an amortization schedule of monthly payments.
Amortization schedule is included.
Amortization schedules are available.
Amortization also creates incentives for banks to restructure loans.
Amortization is a commonly used method of billboard removal.
Amortization is a payment
Amortization is also straight-line over a five year period.
Amortization is another device used to limit the duration of non-conforming uses.
Amortization is based on deferred and other update propagation strategies.
Amortization is decrease.
Amortization is discussed later.
Amortization is payments.
Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over five years.
Amortization is recorded over the legal life or useful life whichever is shorter.
Amortization is required on debt.
Amortization is the act of reducing the amount owed on a loan.
Amortization is the basis for fixed rate mortgages.
Amortization is the calculatio n of payments to repay a loan at the end of a fixed period.
Amortization is the death penalty.
Amortization is very limited, too.
Amortization means that the loan is paid slowly, over time.
Amortization refers to loan repayment over a period of time.
Amortization Relates to gradually writing off the cost of an asset.
Amortization tables Mathematical tables lenders use to calculate a borrower's monthly payment.
Amortization tables Mathematical tables that lenders use to calculate a borrower's monthly payment.
Any amortization statements relating to the purchase.
Amortized loans are simple annuities.
Amospheric instability can also occur when dry air overlays moist air near the earth's surface.
Amostown soils are extremely acid and have prominent mottles in the B horizon.
Amotivational syndrome causes a change in the chemistry of the brain.
Amotivational syndrome is seen most frequently in heavy marijuana users.
Amount awarded is determined by enrollment.
Amount awarded is discretionary.
Amount credited is based on the package selected by referred customer.
Amount decreases at rate of ten percent per year after initial payment.
Amount defines the intensity of the smoothing effect.
Amount defines the sharpness level.
Amount depends on availability.
Amount depends on costume selection, accessories, etc.
Amount depends on hourly wage and department.
Amount depends on household size, income level and household heating costs.
Amount depends on income and living arrangements.
Amount depends on income.
Amount depends on mileage, weather, date and time in relation to previous and follow-on guests.
Amount depends on monthly income and, in some instance, net worth.
Amount depends on participating numbers and amount differs from year to year.
Amount depends on season.
Amount depends on size and choice of mold used.
Amount depends on size and fumigation time.
Amount depends on size.
Amount depends on taste and color desired.
Amount depends on the hike length, difficulty, and time of year.
Amount depends on the number of family members.
Amount depends on the program.
Amount depends on the size of the dwelling.
Amount depends on weight.
Amount depends on whether the permit holder shares the payment with crew members.
Amount depends upon hardness of water.
Amount detected is greater than the maximum limit of determination.
Amount determines the intensity of the sharpening that is done to the edges in the image.
Amount Dispensed For growth hormone, depends on dosage.
Amount equals the difference between the cost of attendance and the amount of awarded financial aid.
Amount fed depends largely on the individual horse and feeding directions of the chosen product.
Amount given depends on units completed.
Amount includes locality pay.
Amount includes subsidized and unsubsidized loans.
Amount increases annually.
Amount is accepted in cash or money order.
Amount is an alternative to typing mount and umount or using the automounter.
Amount is based on available nutrient data.
Amount is based on budget of approved Workable Relocation Assistance Plan.
Amount is based on federal adjusted gross income.
Amount is based on that year's activity.
Amount is based on the funds available and awarded in installments to cover the academic year.
Amount is debited from balance in account.
Amount is debited from the mailer s account.
Amount is determined by salary and per contract.
Amount is due upon receipt of the invoice.
Amount is for one quarter per year per student.
Amount is for overseas subscribers.
Amount is how much attenuation per additional open mic.
Amount is in U.S. dollors.
Amount is included in existing budget.
Amount is measured both quantitatively and qualitatively.
Amount is more important than color.
Amount is net of appropriate expenses and taxes.
Amount is non refundable.
Amount is posted to the fund record.
Amount is pro rated for part-time employees.
Amount is prorated for new parishioners.
Amount is pro-rated for part time employees.
Amount is rated in lumens, the more lumens the better.
Amount is set in terms of agreement.
Amount is subject to change based on availability of funds.
Amount is the amount paid.
Amount is the one of following which specifies retrieving type.
Amount is the tax per class code listed.
Amount is variable according to age, and if still employed.
Amount is variable depending on number of applicants.
Amount is variable.
Amount isa magnitude.
Amount listed is the average cost for books and supplies.
Amount made so far is sufficient only for South Bend and vicinity.
Amount needed before check is sent.
Amount owed on accounts is too high.
Amount owed on revolving accounts is too high.
Amount prescribed is taken in a glass of water once or twice daily.
Amount reaped is proportionate to amount sown.
Amount set for public colleges sparks concern.
Amount shown represents total fixed banded assets.
Amount varies .
Amount varies according to funding.
Amount varies according to the state's biennium budget and the family's income level.
Amount varies annually.
Amount varies based on location.
Amount varies but awards range up to full tuition and fees.
Amount varies by activity and campus.
Amount varies by activity.
Amount varies by athletic program and student athlete.
Amount varies by municipality.
Amount varies by space, needs, staffing, etc.
Amount varies dependent on competition.
Amount varies depending on family contribution.
Amount varies depending on how much money is available and how many people apply.
Amount varies depending on number of students auditioning and the student's ability.
Amount varies for DC, Maryland, and Virginia residents living at home.
Amount varies for different nationalities.
Amount varies from institution to institution.
Amount varies from vessel to vessel.
Amount varies per program.
Amount varies with crop.
Amount varies with potatoes.
Amount varies with season.
Amount varies year to year.
Amount varies yearly.
Amount varies, renewable.
Amount varies, usually a few hundred dollars.
Amounts apply to full-year residents only.
Amounts appropriated for such other provisions remain available until expended.
Amounts are a matter of preference.
Amounts are anti-dilutive.
Amounts are approximate.
Amounts are available only as provided in appropriation laws.
Amounts are different for each species.
Amounts are due upon receipt.
Amounts are for one ton of feed.
Amounts are generally less than a pound, or less than a pint.
Amounts are greatest over upper slopes and crests and least in the leeward lowlands.
Amounts are in Canadian funds.
Amounts are in inches.
Amounts are in millions of dollars and exclude payments for weather-related crop losses.
Amounts are in millions of dollars.
Amounts are in thousands of Swedish kronor, unless stated otherwise.
Amounts are in thousands.
Amounts are in U.S. dollars.
Amounts are in United States currency.
Amounts are limited, therefore early application is important.
Amounts are lower division undergraduate fees.
Amounts are magnitudes.
Amounts are maximum grants.
Amounts are net of allowance for loss on the tax collections.
Amounts are obligational authority in dollars.
Amounts are payable in U.S. dollars only.
Amounts are payable in U.S. funds for all countries other than Canada.
Amounts are payable in U.S. funds.
Amounts are per node.
Amounts are percentages.
Amounts are subject to change depending on tuition and fees in a particular year.
Amounts are subject to change.
Amounts are subject to increase.
Amounts are subject to revision.
Amounts are to be prorated is less funding is available.
Amounts are variable in different brands.
Amounts below are in American or Canadian dollars.
Amounts borrowed are to be repaid when the public entity collects on the deferred assessment.
Amounts can be tricky.
Amounts can have damage effects.
Amounts can have devastate effects.
Amounts can have effects.
Amounts can have harmful effects.
Amounts can vary considerably by curriculum.
Amounts can vary for theft of service and theft by check.
Amounts can vary wildly.
Amounts change over time.
Amounts definitely vary.
Amounts depend on student's musical background and position awarded.
Amounts depend on the degree of overbooking of the flight.
Amounts differ due to amount available in soil.
Amounts diminish to the west and south, and the driest regions are in the extreme south.
Amounts do roll-over month to month.
Amounts drawn under the line are payable on demand.
Amounts exclude awards for student financial aid.
Amounts exclude benefits made directly by insurance carriers.
Amounts given are for a five gallon batch.
Amounts given for the floss are approximate.
Amounts increase annually.
Amounts increase for subsequent years of study, with higher amounts for graduate students.
Amounts increase in the winter when respiration exceeds photosynthesis.
Amounts increase with family size.
Amounts listed above are annual goals.
Amounts listed are estimates only.
Amounts listed are for the entire year.
Amounts listed are for the first year of the three-year grants.
Amounts listed are for the formulated product, unless otherwise indicated.
Amounts listed are monthly amounts .
Amounts listed are subject to change.
Amounts listed indicate a monthly maximum.
Amounts listed under each cruise are cruise prices only.
Amounts needed for fund activities includes amounts necessary for program development.
Amounts paid are to be offset by any refunds or reimbursements received.
Amounts paid for incidental expenses are taxable.
Amounts paid for the other employees are fairly small by comparison.
Amounts paid from public coffers are perhaps uniquely of public concern.
Amounts paid with gifts from private individuals do qualify for the credit.
Amounts prepaid for service are non-refundable.
Amounts provided under continuing resolutions are subject to apportionment.
Amounts quoted are for United States only.
Amounts quoted are U.S. funds.
Amounts quoted for fees and costs are subject to change.
Amounts range from a few thousand to over fifty thousand dollars.
Amounts range from several hundred dollars to several thousand dollars.
Amounts received by transferors in exchange for the credit are exempt from taxation.
Amounts recorded are actual amounts received.
Amounts reflect academic standing.
Amounts reflect calendar year experience.
Amounts represent city, county, and state sales tax.
Amounts represent the dividends paid on the Class D preferred stock.
Amounts shown above are in Australian dollars.
Amounts shown are for current budget periods.
Amounts shown are for the nine-month academic year.
Amounts shown are in Canadian Dollars.
Amounts shown are in current and constant dollars.
Amounts shown are in U.S. dollars.
Amounts shown are maximum amounts unless otherwise noted.
Amounts shown are maximum revenue losses.
Amounts shown below represent extra half hit-point gains per level.
Amounts shown include direct grants and contracted studies.
Amounts shown reflect current annualized compensation.
Amounts taken by the gang in the robbery vary greatly.
Amounts used for room, board, or other living expenses are subject to income tax.
Amounts vary according to production and market prices.
Amounts vary according to stated needs.
Amounts vary according to the room and furniture used.
Amounts vary according to total financial aid awards.
Amounts vary and are subject to availability of funds.
Amounts vary and are substantial but are less than full tuition.
Amounts vary annually based on funding from gifts or investment earnings available from a fund.
Amounts vary based on academic performance, leadership, and service.
Amounts vary based on the limited availability of funds.
Amounts vary based upon factors such as adjusted gross income and tuition benefits received.
Amounts vary by country.
Amounts vary by program.
Amounts vary by service fees.
Amounts vary by size of the service covered.
Amounts vary depending on income and number of children.
Amounts vary depending on length of time spent on searches and amount of photocopying necessary.
Amounts vary depending on loan requests.
Amounts vary depending on performance area and residence status.
Amounts vary depending on the country of origin.
Amounts vary depending on the type of scholarship.
Amounts vary each year based upon the federal budget.
Amounts vary enormously depending on a student's tastes and budget.
Amounts vary for each program.
Amounts vary for each student depending on credits completed.
Amounts vary for each student.
Amounts vary for particular events.
Amounts vary from sport to sport.
Amounts vary from town to town, but every homeowner in a given town gets the same size check.
Amounts vary from year to year and most of the rainfall occurs on a relatively few days.
Amounts vary from year to year depending on the availability of funds.
Amounts vary from year to year, according to production and market prices.
Amounts vary from year to year, depending on endowment earnings.
Amounts vary from year to year.
Amounts vary over time and location.
Amounts vary with cost of education.
Amounts vary with length of stay.
Amounts vary with size and gauge.
Amounts vary with size and type of cigar.
Amounts vary within budget year.
Amounts vary, depending on members financial background.
Amounts withdrawn from a plan are subject to income tax.
Amounts withdrawn from RRIFs are taxable.
An amount is an assets
All amount are in euros.
All amounts above are in American currency.
All amounts above are subject to change.
All amounts are actual and truncated to whole dollars.
All amounts are approximate.
All amounts are Canadian dollars.
All amounts are due in accordance with said stated terms.
All amounts are due upon check-in.
All amounts are exclusive and non-commission bearing.
All amounts are for either six months household licence or twelve months business licence incl.
All amounts are for the charity's fiscal year.
All amounts are Gratefully Received, please indicate if an invoice is required .
All amounts are in Australian currency unless otherwise noted.
All amounts are in Australian dollars.
All amounts are in Australian Dollars.
All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.
All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.
All amounts are in Canadian dollars.
All amounts are in Canadian Dollars.
All amounts are in Canadian funds.
All amounts are in dollars.
All amounts are in gigagrams.
All amounts are in inches.
All amounts are in Japanese yen.
All amounts are in millions of barrels.
All amounts are in millions of dollars.
All amounts are in millions.
All amounts are in New Zealand dollars.
All amounts are in Norwegian kroner.
All amounts are in pounds per calendar year.
All amounts are in Singapore dollars.
All amounts are in thousands of guilders.
All amounts are in today's dollars.
All amounts are in U.S. currency.
All amounts are in U.S. dollars .
All amounts are in U.S. dollars.
All amounts are in UK pounds sterling.
All amounts are in United States dollars.
All amounts are incremental additions to base budgets.
All amounts are minimum suggested donations.
All amounts are net.
All amounts are non-refundable.
All amounts are of great help and very appreciated.
All amounts are original acquisition values.
All amounts are payable annually from the date of joining.
All amounts are payable in Canadian dollars.
All amounts are payable in Candaian dollars.
All amounts are payable in U.S. dollars by check, money order, or credit card.
All amounts are payable in U.S. dollars.
All amounts are per occurrence per day.
All amounts are plus tax.
All amounts are pretax.
All amounts are renewable annually.
All amounts are subject to change depending on tuition and fees in a particular year.
All amounts are subject to change with prior notification.
All amounts are subject to change without notice.
All amounts are subject to change without prior notice.
All amounts are subject to change without prior notification.
All amounts are subject to change.
All amounts are subject to changes as mandated by federal and state agencies.
All amounts are subject to correction.
All amounts are tax deductible.
All amounts are the maximum grants authorized by the grants committee.
All amounts are to be in U.S. Dollars.
All amounts are total costs, including indirect costs and applicable allowances.
All amounts are U.S. dollars.
All amounts are welcome.
All amounts below are current figures and subject to change without notice.
All amounts billed to students are due on the due date indicated on the bill.
All amounts exclude acquisition-related charges.
All amounts listed are annual amounts.
All amounts listed are in metric tons.
All amounts listed are their elemental yield , or that which the body effectively receives.
All amounts listed below are for direct costs only.
All amounts paid in excess are taxable.
All amounts paid to any party to obtain uninterrupted use of leased property are lease payments.
All amounts quoted are in Australian Dollars.
All amounts quoted below are subject to change.
All amounts referenced are pre-tax.
All amounts relate to continuing operations.
All amounts requested are reasonable.
All amounts shown are in Canadian dollars.
All amounts shown are in U.S. dollars.
All amounts shown are in whole dollars.
All amounts shown are provisional.
All amounts shown in the price chart are Australian dollars.
All amounts specified are in Australian Dollars.
All amounts vary depending on individual lifestyles.
All amounts withdrawn are fully taxable.
Any amount bid by outside bidders that exceeds the lender's balance goes to any junior lienors.
Any amount can help towards our feeding program, buying soap, books, pencils, etc.
Any amount can help with our campaigns and projects.
Any amount can help.
Any amount charged in excess of the statutory maximum is illegal and hence, unethical.
Any amount charged over the allowance is the responsibility of the covered employee.
Any amount contributed by the employee establishes a member account in the employee's name.
Any amount counts.
Any Amount Depends on the receiving bank and also the destination.
Any amount donated is much appreciated.
Any amount donated, no matter how small, is very much appreciated.
Any amount earned by a district is deducted as a credit against the amount owed to equalize wealth.
Any amount earned from the investment of amounts in the fund becomes part of the fund.
Any amount given above that amount is subject to the gift and estate tax laws.
Any amount helps and it's tax deductible.
Any amount helps.
Any amount included in the gross income of a member is to be treated as a dividend received.
Any amount indicated is only a suggestion.
Any amount is acceptable.
Any amount is already too much.
Any amount is appreciated, even if it's just a dollar.
Any amount is appreciated.
Any amount is better than nothing.
Any amount is good, all help is welcome.
Any amount is helpful and no amount is too small.
Any amount is helpful.
Any amount is needed and appreciated.
Any amount is poisonous to children and adults.
Any amount is possible and welcome.
Any amount is very much appreciated.
Any amount is welcome, and contributions are tax deductible.
Any amount is welcome.
Any amount is wonderful.
Any amount left in the account at the end of the plan year is forfeited.
Any amount left over is refunded.
Any amount left over is sent to their financial institution.
Any amount makes a big difference.
Any amount paid or agreed to be paid for equality is deemed to be consideration for such conveyance.
Any amount received in excess of basis in the stock is taxable.
Any amount received is reported as ordinary income in the year of receipt.
Any amount so included in the gross income of a member is treated as a dividend received.
Any amounts left over provide a small profit for providing service to the customers.
Any amounts paid are non-refundable.
Any amounts retained are to be returned to the judgment debtor.
Any amounts retained in excess thereof are to be returned to the judgment debtor.
Any amounts shown above are subject to change based on an ongoing financial evaluation.
Every amount helps, and no amount is too small.
Most amounts can have damage effects.
Most amounts can have devastate effects.
Most amounts can have effects.
Most amounts can have harmful effects.
Most amounts change over time.
Some amounts alter patterns.
Some amounts are caused by hurricanes.
Some amounts attract bees.
Some amounts attract honey bees.
Some amounts cause health problems.
Some amounts cause other health problems.
Some amounts cause problems.
Some amounts cause relate problems.
Some amounts cause serious health problems.
Some amounts cause serious problems.
Some amounts come from carbohydrates.
Some amounts correspond to lower temperature.
Some amounts correspond to temperature.
Some amounts depend on products.
Some amounts depend on quality.
Some amounts depend on types.
Some amounts depend upon types.
Some amounts exceed capacity.
Some amounts have ability.
Some amounts increase likelihood.
Some amounts interfere with absorption.
Some amounts reflect light.
Some amounts vary from regions.
AMP grows only if the associations it manages grow and prosper.
Amp isa emu.
AMP reserves the right to reject any message for any reason.
AMPs also takes into account instances where there is no intention to violate the law.
Amps are a little close together though, there are some fps problems, and the map is poorly zoned.
Amps are bridgeable.
Amps are in spare tire well.
AMPs are merely the amount of electrical current a vacuum draws when the power is on.
Amps are one of the most difficult and important items to buy.
Amps are patchable to all speaker outlets via a four amplifier x sixteen output matrix.
Amps are the unit of velocity of electrical flow.
Amps are the wiggle, and watts are the waves zooming along.
Amps are too much trouble for live - mixing, feedback, noise, changing sounds.
AMPs encourages compliance.
Amps measure the amount of electric current.
Amps multiplied by the time operated in hours is the energy used in Amp-Hours.
An amp is a current unit
Amps always show charging when discharging, and vice versa.
All amps contain electrolytic filter capacitors which store potentially lethal voltage.
All amps have their own sound.
All amps use the same power supply layout.
Every amp has design limits that are based on voltage and current limits of the output stage.
Most amps apply a sonic signature that is consistent.
Most AMPs have a traditional meeting time at each conference.
Most amps make cymbals sound like some variation of white noise.
Most amps really shine when cranked up.
Some amps have a very hard time driving a load that is highly reactive.
Some amps have power curves that fall off at low and high frequencies.
Some amps use the triode cathode follower to generate distortion.
Amperage is a bit like the volume of water flowing through a garden hose.
Amperage is a measure of how many electrons are flowing through the wire.
Amperage is an electrical phenomenon
Amperage is determined by the size of the cell.
Amperage is electron flow through a conductor.
Amperage is related to how long the pole faces are in position with each other.
Amperage is the amount of current required to overcome the resistance of an electrical item.
Amperage is the speed at which current is traveling.
Amperage varies between units.
Ampere requirements increase proportionately to ship speed, coating age, and oxygen content.
Ampere isa emu.
Amperes move under pressure, called volts.
An ampere is a current unit
Amperex tubes made in Holland have a curious characteristic.
Amperite products are available through a national organization of franchised stocking distributors.
Amperometric devices detect changes in current as constant potential.
Ampersand usage varies from language to language.
Amphetamine derivatives range as hard drugs.
Amphetamine psychoses can mimic schizophrenia, or symptoms of it.
Amphetamine use drops steadily over the years and is slightly more prevalent in rural areas.
Amphetamine use increases self-confidence, which often ignores the reality of personal limitations.
Amphetamine causes dopamine transporters to run in reverse.
Amphetamine increases the user's heart rate and speeds up their breathing.
Amphetamine potentiates the analgesic effect of meperidine.
Amphetamine stimulates the brain in adults to increase alertness.
Amphetamine stimulates the medullary respiratory centers , producing faster and deeper breaths.
Amphetamines act directly on the nerve endings and release extra dopamine too.
Amphetamines activate the dopamine system.
Amphetamines activate the fight or flight set of nerves.
Amphetamines affect the body by releasing an excessive amount of adrenaline into the system.
Amphetamines also cause the heart rate of mother and baby to increase.
Amphetamines also increase confidence and drivers are more likely to take dangerous risks.
Amphetamines also make the symptoms of schizophrenia worse.
Amphetamines are a class of drugs that stimulate the central and peripheral nervous systems.
Amphetamines are a group of strong stimulants that seriously affecting the human body.
Amphetamines are a type of central nervous system stimulant.
Amphetamines are addictive substances.
Amphetamines are addictive.
Amphetamines are anorectics.
Amphetamines are dangerous because they alter judgment and obscure feelings.
Amphetamines are dangerous.
Amphetamines are drugs of abuse.
Amphetamines are drugs.
Amphetamines are excreted in human milk.
Amphetamines are expensive, and can lead to financial problems.
Amphetamines are more toxic than cocaine and can cause worse problems when abused.
Amphetamines are often white, odorless, bitter crystalline powders.
Amphetamines are only to be used by people who have failed other weight loss methods.
Amphetamines are powerful central nervous stimulants.
Amphetamines are psychologically and physically addictive.
Amphetamines are stimulants.
Amphetamines are sympathomimetic amines that also stimulate the central nervous system.
Amphetamines are the poor man's cocaine and have essentially the same characteristics of abuse.
Amphetamines are the primary drug sold.
Amphetamines can also increase confidence, making drivers more likely to take dangerous risks.
Amphetamines can be habit-forming for some people.
Amphetamines can cause a significant elevation in plasma corticosteroid levels.
Amphetamines can cause both acute and chronic toxicity.
Amphetamines can cause high body temperature and can lead to serious heart problems and seizures.
Amphetamines can cause increased alertness, euphoria, increased blood pressure, and insomnia.
Amphetamines can improve anyone's school performance in the short run.
Amphetamines can increase body temperature, hallucinations.
Amphetamines can reduce tiredness and increase endurance.
Amphetamines cause euphoria at first.
Amphetamines cause the heart rate of the mother and baby to increase.
Amphetamines come in different forms and can be taken in different ways.
Amphetamines disrupt the central nervous, cardiovascular, respiratory and gastrointestinal systems.
Amphetamines enhance the adrenergic effect of norepinephrine.
Amphetamines have a high potential for abuse.
Amphetamines have a stabilizing effect in children with attention deficit disorder.
Amphetamines have a strong smell and bitter taste.
Amphetamines have problems with over-stimulation, the duration of action often.
Amphetamines increases norephinephrine in the brain.
Amphetamines inhibit the hypertensive effect of veratrum alkaloids.
Amphetamines mess up adrenaline receptors and reabsorption.
Amphetamines mimic the human body's own stimulant, norepinephrine .
Amphetamines otherwise can lead to hallucinations during usage.
Amphetamines panic attack.
Amphetamines pass into breast milk.
Amphetamines potentiate the analgesic effect of meperidine.
Amphetamines release large amounts of dopamine to help stimulate brain activity.
Amphetamines seem to exert an anorexogenic effect.
Amphetamines stimulate the actions of the central nervous system.
Amphetamines stimulate the central nervous system.
Amphetamines work in the same way.
Amphetamines worsen positive symptoms, improve negative symptoms f.
An amphetamine is a stimulant
An amphetamine is a street drug
An amphibia is a class
Many amphibia have toxic skin , which is harmful to predators .
Many amphibia have toxic skin, which is harmful to predators.
Most amphibian adults are terrestrial, but they lay eggs in water.
Amphibian blood contains nucleated erythrocytes, leukocytes and thrombocytes.
Amphibian brain stems emit similar signals, which control the regular motion of their gills.
Amphibian data have a wider application, contributing to studies of world-wide amphibian declines.
Amphibian declines are a complex and multifaceted problem which defy simple explanations.
Amphibian deformities continue to puzzle researchers.
Amphibian diseases are caused by pathogen.
Most amphibian diseases are caused by pathogen.
Amphibian eggs are soft and jelly-like and like the amphibians themselves, dry out easily.
Amphibian eggs lack a shell and dehydrate quickly in dry air.
Amphibian eggs make excellent subjects for observation.
Amphibian erythrocytes are biconvex, oval and the largest of all vertebrate erythrocytes.
Amphibian evolution is mostly one way.
Amphibian food is located by fairly simple sensory mechanisms.
Amphibian larvae are born and live in water, and they breathe using gills.
Amphibian larvae feed upon aquatic invertebrates.
Amphibian larvae go through metamorphosis to change into the adult form.
Most amphibian larvae have a similar system.
Amphibian lungs are relatively small and lack an extensive surface for exchange.
Amphibian lungs contain alveoluses.
Amphibian lungs have alveoluses.
Most amphibian lungs contain alveoluses.
Most amphibian lungs have alveoluses.
Amphibian metabolism is relatively low.
Amphibian population declines in British Columbia.
Amphibian populations appear to be in good shape here.
Amphibian populations tend to benefit during the early stages of development.
Amphibian populations tend to fluctuate a lot.
Amphibian skin contains , a tough, fibrous protein.
Amphibian skin is glandular and lacks scales, feathers, or hairs.
Amphibian skin is moist and easily dried out.
Amphibian skin lacks hair or scales.
Amphibian skin lacks scales, etc., but does have many glands and epidermal thickenings.
All amphibian skin is poisonous to a degree.
Some amphibian skin contains glands.
Some amphibian skin contains mucous glands.
Amphibian surgery is probably equivalent to eye surgery.
Amphibian isa vertebrate.
Amphibians absorb and concentrate toxins in their fatty tissues.
Amphibians absorb oxygen.
Amphibians adapt to life.
Amphibians also employ various combinations of branchial and pulmonary strategies to breathe.
Amphibians also experience very high mortality.
Amphibians also have a special role to play in keeping the environment healthy.
Amphibians also have immune cells arranged into organs.
Amphibians also possess a cloaca, which is a common reservoir for digesta and urine.
Amphibians also use smell and hearing to hunt prey.
Amphibians are a class of animals like reptiles , mammals , and birds .
Amphibians are a class of animals that have skin poison glands and mucous glands.
Amphibians are a group of animals that spend part of their lives in water and part on land.
Amphibians are a group of vertebrates that has adapted to live in both water and on land.
Amphibians are a unique kingdom of animal which evolved from fish.
Amphibians are able top absorb water and oxygen though their porous skin.
Amphibians are airplanes.
Amphibians are also an important pharmaceutical resource.
Amphibians are also cold-blooded.
Amphibians are also subject to many diseases.
Amphibians are also very much dependent on water.
Amphibians are amazing creatures.
Amphibians are an amazing group of animals do just that.
Amphibians are an important component of the northwestern fauna.
Amphibians are an important part of the ecological balance of many habitats.
Amphibians are animals that have backbones and that can live in water or on land.
Amphibians are animals that include salamanders, newts, caecilians, frogs and toads.
Amphibians are animals that live above water and under water such as frogs and toads.
Amphibians are animals that live both on land and in water.
Amphibians are animals that live on land and return to water to breed each year.
Amphibians are animals that live part of their lives in water and part on land.
Amphibians are animals who adapted to living both on land and in water.
Amphibians are animals with moist, hairless skin which water passes through, both in and out.
Amphibians are animals.
Amphibians are born in the water.
Amphibians are both aquatic and terrestrial.
Amphibians are carnivores that are major consumers of invertebrates, especially insects.
Amphibians are cold blooded creatures.
Amphibians are cold-blooded and live in humid areas to avoid desiccation.
Amphibians are cold-blooded animals like reptiles.
Amphibians are cold-blooded animals that possess backbones.
Amphibians are cold-blooded animals.
Amphibians are cold-blooded vertebrates, which are animals that have backbones.
Amphibians are cold-blooded vertebrates.
Amphibians are cold-blooded.
Amphibians are completely dependent on an aquatic environment for a. respiration.
Amphibians are creatures that spend most of their lives in water but can also survive on land.
Amphibians are creatures which spend part of their life in water and part of their life on dry land.
Amphibians are crucial both as a source of prey and as predators controlling other small species.
Amphibians are ectothermic, meaning they can warm their body through metabolic processes.
Amphibians are ectothermic.
Amphibians are ectotherms.
Amphibians are especially sensitive to contamination from agrochemicals.
Amphibians are excellent indicators of water quality and ecosystem health.
Amphibians are exceptional among tetrapods in having very little keratin and a thin stratum corneum.
Amphibians are far more sensitive to environmental hazards because of their permeable skin.
Amphibians are good indicators of environmental health.
Amphibians are good indicators of significant environmental changes.
Amphibians are good indicators of the quality of a habitat.
Amphibians are important barometers of the health of the environment.
Amphibians are important environmental indicators.
Amphibians are important in other ways as well.
Amphibians are important members of wildlife communities associated with forest ecosystems.
Amphibians are important predators of insects, other invertebrates and vertebrates.
Amphibians are in most cases, small, diverse, and sensitive to environmental variability.
Amphibians are known as indicator species.
Amphibians are like fish because they have a backbone.
Amphibians are located in streams.
Amphibians are members of the class Amphibia.
Amphibians are motor vehicles.
Amphibians are natural indicators of our planet's well-being.
Amphibians are naturally sluggish.
Amphibians are now the object of intensive studies to solve the mystery of their decline.
Amphibians are often a good indicator of ecosystem health.
Amphibians are often sentinels of environmental conditions causing disease and death.
Amphibians are osmotically-challenged due to their highly permeable skin and egg membranes.
Amphibians are predatory animals .
Amphibians are predatory animals.
Amphibians are present too but in relatively low numbers.
Amphibians are prey for a great variety of predators because they are small and they have soft skin.
Amphibians are quite important for humans.
Amphibians are relatively easy prey to hunt.
Amphibians are sensitive indicators of environmental problems.
Amphibians are sensitive to many environmental factors.
Amphibians are surprisingly variable.
Amphibians are the dominant terrestrial vert.
Amphibians are the first animals affected by environmental problems.
Amphibians are the first true tetrapods, or vertebrates with limbs.
Amphibians are the first true vertebrates with four limbs.
Amphibians are the first vertebrates with well developed zygapophyses.
Amphibians are the least well-represented group in managed areas.
Amphibians are the only group of vertebrates that undergo metamorphosis during their lifetime.
Amphibians are the only vertebrates that go through any type of metamorphosis after being born.
Amphibians are the only vertebrates to go through metamorphosis .
Amphibians are the only vertebrates to go through metamorphosis.
Amphibians are to wetlands what canaries are to gold mines.
Amphibians are typically aquatic as larvae and terrestrial as adults.
Amphibians are vertebrate tetrapods.
Amphibians are vertebrates, so they have a bony skeleton.
Amphibians are vertebrates.
Amphibians are vulnerable to any environmental factors that affect the skin.
Amphibians are without question a vital link in the vertebrate food chain.
Amphibians become more common.
Amphibians begin life.
Amphibians begin their lives in the water.
Amphibians biology and husbandry.
Amphibians breathe through both their skin and their lungs.
Amphibians breathe through moist skin.
Amphibians breathe through skin.
Amphibians brumate in existing holes created by roots or small mammals.
Amphibians can often absorb oxygen through their skin if necessary.
Amphibians can reduce water loss by reducing the amount of surface area exposed to evaporation.
Amphibians can use gills, lungs, and skin for gas exchange.
Amphibians capture prey.
Amphibians carry no diseases transmissible to humans.
Amphibians change color.
Amphibians close jaws.
Amphibians come to the pond.
Amphibians continue to decline worldwide.
Amphibians develop limbs.
Amphibians dintegrate underwater and their remains are unlikely to surface.
Amphibians divide their time between freshwater and terrestrial .
Amphibians drink water.
Amphibians eat algae.
Amphibians eat food.
Amphibians emerge from ecosystems.
Amphibians emerge from ponds.
Amphibians emerge from rivers.
Amphibians emerge from sea.
Amphibians emerge from water.
Amphibians excrete waste.
Amphibians exhibit features.
Amphibians exist on earth.
Amphibians feed in water.
Amphibians feed on algas.
Amphibians feed upon insects.
Amphibians feed upon small insects.
Amphibians find in freshwater ponds.
Amphibians find in ponds.
Amphibians first breathe with gills, and then they breathe with lungs.
Amphibians force air.
Amphibians go from the egg, to the larva, to the adult.
Amphibians go through a two-stage life cycle.
Amphibians go through stages.
Amphibians has-part guts.
Amphibians has-part hands.
Amphibians has-part hearts.
Amphibians has-part limbs.
Amphibians has-part lungs.
Amphibians has-part organs.
Amphibians has-part skin.
Amphibians has-part stomachs.
Amphibians has-part tails.
Amphibians have (part) brains.
Amphibians have (part) breasts.
Amphibians have (part) cell membranes.
Amphibians have (part) cells.
Amphibians have (part) chest cavities.
Amphibians have (part) chests.
Amphibians have (part) corpi.
Amphibians have (part) cytoplasm.
Amphibians have (part) ears.
Amphibians have (part) faces.
Amphibians have (part) heads.
Amphibians have (part) nuclei.
Amphibians have (part) pedal extremities.
Amphibians have (part) plasma membranes.
Amphibians have (part) rib cages.
Amphibians have (part) sections.
Amphibians have (part) skulls.
Amphibians have (part) sterna.
Amphibians have (part) vacuoles.
Amphibians have (part) vertebrate feet.
Amphibians have ability.
Amphibians have backbones and can breathe through their skin.
Amphibians have backbones, are cold-blooded, and live on land and in water at different times.
Amphibians have brains.
Amphibians have characteristics.
Amphibians have colour vision and depth of focus for clear sight .
Amphibians have colour vision and depth of focus for clear sight.
Amphibians have dual habitats, dividing their time between land and water.
Amphibians have eyes which are adjusted to seeing both on land and in water.
Amphibians have eyes.
Amphibians have four legs, and often look like reptiles.
Amphibians have gills.
Amphibians have glands.
Amphibians have inner skeletons.
Amphibians have kidneys.
Amphibians have limbs.
Amphibians have long tails and slender bodies.
Amphibians have long tongues.
Amphibians have lots of skin glands.
Amphibians have lungs, but they also breathe through their skin.
Amphibians have lungs.
Amphibians have many unique or unusual developmental characteristics.
Amphibians have moist skin.
Amphibians have moist, permeable skins that readily absorb chemicals from the environment.
Amphibians have poison glands.
Amphibians have skeletons.
Amphibians have skin.
Amphibians have smooth and moist skin and they lay eggs without shells.
Amphibians have smooth skin.
Amphibians have smooth, moist skin without scales.
Amphibians have smooth, moist skin.
Amphibians have soft, generally moist skin without scales.
Amphibians have songs.
Amphibians have stages.
Amphibians have sticky tongues.
Amphibians have tails.
Amphibians have thin skin that is permeable to water and much of the grunge that occurs in water.
Amphibians have thin skin.
Amphibians have tongues.
Amphibians have unique ability.
Amphibians hibernate during winter.
Amphibians hunt insects.
Amphibians include frogs.
Amphibians inhabit a great variety of ecological niches, including such arid regions as deserts.
Amphibians inhabit areas.
Amphibians inhabit habitats.
Amphibians inhabit roadside habitats.
Amphibians inhabit salt water.
Amphibians inhabit water.
Amphibians lay eggs in water.
Amphibians lay eggs.
Amphibians like to live near freshwater in warm weather .
Amphibians like to live near freshwater in warm weather.
Amphibians live in desert environments.
Amphibians live in dry habitats.
Amphibians live in environments.
Amphibians live in habitats.
Amphibians live in local colonies.
Amphibians live in ponds.
Amphibians live in regions.
Amphibians live in roadside ponds.
Amphibians live in terrestrial environments.
Amphibians live in terrestrial habitats.
Amphibians live in two different media, air and water.
Amphibians live in water.
Amphibians live in wetlands, and in moist humid areas.
Amphibians live near water.
Amphibians live on land and in the water.
Amphibians live part of their lives in water and part on land.
Amphibians look like lizards.
Amphibians make up most of the diet, but fish and invertebrates also eaten.
Amphibians mark the transition between the aquatic and terrestrial environment.
Amphibians mostly live in the canopy of the tropical rainforest.
Amphibians mostly require fresh water to reproduce.
Amphibians need fresh water.
Amphibians need water.
Amphibians occupy niches.
Amphibians occur in fresh water.
Amphibians occur in water.
Amphibians play a pivotal role in ecosystem as secondary consumers in many food chains.
Amphibians possess cells.
Amphibians possess skulls.
Amphibians possess toxins.
Amphibians predate reptiles in the fossil record.
Amphibians prefer cooler, moister areas.
Amphibians prefer environments.
Amphibians provide many ecosystem services valued by society.
Amphibians provide new insights into taste bud development.
Amphibians provide sustiance for other organisms, as well.
Amphibians reach maturity.
Amphibians relate to frogs.
Amphibians rely on external fertilization in the water.
Amphibians rely to varying degrees on diffusion of gases over their skin.
Amphibians require carbohydrates.
Amphibians require diets.
Amphibians require environments.
Amphibians require habitats.
Amphibians require ponds.
Amphibians require water in which to lay their eggs and for the tadpoles to grow to adulthood.
Amphibians require water to keep their skin moist.
Amphibians respire through their skin.
Amphibians respond to danger in several ways.
Amphibians rest in the cool, moist micro-habitat that dead trees provide.
Amphibians retain gills.
Amphibians return to ponds.
Amphibians return to water.
Amphibians share characteristics.
Amphibians share key characteristics.
Amphibians share several characteristics.
Amphibians simply have a brain without a cerebral cortex.
Amphibians spend part of their life cycle in water and part on land.
Amphibians spend part of their life in water and part of it on land.
Amphibians spend part of their life in water and part of their life on land.
Amphibians spend part of their lives living in water and the other part living on land.
Amphibians spend time both in water and on land.
Amphibians spend time in water and land environments.
Amphibians survive events.
Amphibians survive in habitats.
Amphibians survive mass extinction events.
Amphibians survive temperature.
Amphibians survive the same way.
Amphibians swim in water.
Amphibians take advatange of the temporary pools in order to breed.
Amphibians take center stage in Detroit.
Amphibians tend to show similar symptoms for a variety of disease states.
Amphibians thrive in environments.
Amphibians thrive in freshwater biomes, whether they be running water or stagnant marshland.
Amphibians thrive in ponds.
Amphibians thrive in terrestrial environments.
Amphibians thrive in wetland.
Amphibians undergo larval phases.
Amphibians undergo phases.
Amphibians use jaws.
Amphibians use large jaws.
Amphibians use lungs.
Amphibians use seasonal pools of water within low spots for breeding.
Amphibians use their skin as a respiratory surface.
Amphibians vary considerably in their hunting practices.
Amphibians walk out of the water.
An amphibian is a container
An amphibian is a vehicle
Amphibians often forage in upland areas but return to the water to mate and reproduce.
Amphibians usually have to stay near water sources to prevent drying out, and have smooth skin.
Amphibians usually live in or near the water.
All amphibians are cold blooded.
All amphibians are cold-blooded, like fish, snakes, lizards, and turtles.
All amphibians have four legs with the exception of caecilians, which are limbless.
All amphibians have soft moist skin.
All amphibians lay eggs in aquatic system.
All amphibians reproduce by laying eggs in the water.
All amphibians start as eggs in the water and go through a metamorphosis, or change, early in life.
All amphibians start life with gills, living under water, but most eventually develop lungs.
Many amphibians also live in water.
Many amphibians are a popular exotic pet and are found in pet stores that sell reptiles .
Many amphibians are a popular exotic pet and are found in pet stores that sell reptiles.
Many amphibians are obligate breeders in standing water.
Many amphibians are remarkable for the ways in which they care for their eggs and young.
Many amphibians are used in scientific experiments.
Many amphibians can absorb oxygen through their skin.
Many amphibians can only survive in fishless ponds.
Many amphibians display complex and diverse social behavior, especially during the breeding season.
Many amphibians have to lay their eggs in warm places.
Many amphibians have toxic skin.
Many amphibians live in the streams and ponds and salmon are important consumers.
Many amphibians produce hundreds or thousands of eggs, but only a few survive until adulthood.
Most amphibians absorb oxygen.
Most amphibians adapt to life.
Most amphibians also have four limbs.
Most amphibians are located in streams.
Most amphibians are relatively small animals.
Most amphibians are small animals.
Most amphibians avoid daytime temperatures and low humidity.
Most amphibians begin life in water and the later change to adapt to life on land.
Most amphibians begin life.
Most amphibians breathe through moist skin.
Most amphibians breathe through skin.
Most amphibians breathe with as larvae and with lungs as adults.
Most amphibians breathe with lungs as larvae and with gills as adults.
Most amphibians can both walk and swim in water.
Most amphibians capture prey.
Most amphibians change color.
Most amphibians contain three eye lids.
Most amphibians deposit their eggs in water or a moist, protected place.
Most amphibians develop from eggs to free swimming larvae quickly.
Most amphibians develop limbs.
Most amphibians drink water.
Most amphibians eat algae.
Most amphibians eat food.
Most amphibians eat meat, albeit in different preferences among different species.
Most amphibians emerge from ecosystems.
Most amphibians emerge from ponds.
Most amphibians emerge from rivers.
Most amphibians emerge from sea.
Most amphibians emerge from water.
Most amphibians excrete waste.
Most amphibians exhibit features.
Most amphibians exist on earth.
Most amphibians feed in water.
Most amphibians feed on algas.
Most amphibians feed upon insects.
Most amphibians feed upon small insects.
Most amphibians find in freshwater ponds.
Most amphibians find in ponds.
Most amphibians force air.
Most amphibians go through stages.
Most amphibians has-part guts.
Most amphibians has-part hands.
Most amphibians has-part hearts.
Most amphibians has-part limbs.
Most amphibians has-part lungs.
Most amphibians has-part organs.
Most amphibians has-part skin.
Most amphibians has-part stomachs.
Most amphibians has-part tails.
Most amphibians hatch from eggs.
Most amphibians have a glandular portion to their tongue, and musculature.
Most amphibians have a good sense of smell .
Most amphibians have a good sense of smell.
Most amphibians have ability.
Most amphibians have brains.
Most amphibians have characteristics.
Most amphibians have eyes.
Most amphibians have four limbs , except for caecilians .
Most amphibians have four limbs, except for caecilians.
Most amphibians have four limbs.
Most amphibians have gills.
Most amphibians have glands.
Most amphibians have inner skeletons.
Most amphibians have large, wide mouths to consume large animals.
Most amphibians have legs and can swim, cralw or hop.
Most amphibians have limbs.
Most amphibians have long tongues.
Most amphibians have lungs.
Most amphibians have moist skin.
Most amphibians have no scales, allowing their skin to absorb water.
Most amphibians have poison glands.
Most amphibians have skeletons.
Most amphibians have skin.
Most amphibians have slimy and smooth skin except newts have rough skin.
Most amphibians have smooth skin.
Most amphibians have songs.
Most amphibians have stages.
Most amphibians have sticky tongues.
Most amphibians have tails.
Most amphibians have thin skin.
Most amphibians have tongues.
Most amphibians have unique ability.
Most amphibians have very muscular and flexible tongues.
Most amphibians hibernate during winter.
Most amphibians inhabit areas.
Most amphibians inhabit habitats.
Most amphibians inhabit roadside habitats.
Most amphibians inhabit salt water.
Most amphibians inhabit water.
Most amphibians lack scales.
Most amphibians lay eggs that have a gelatinous coating but no shell.
Most amphibians lay soft eggs in water.
Most amphibians leave their eggs to  look after themselves.
Most amphibians leave their eggs to look after themselves .
Most amphibians leave their eggs to look after themselves.
Most amphibians live in desert environments.
Most amphibians live in dry habitats.
Most amphibians live in environments.
Most amphibians live in habitats.
Most amphibians live in ponds.
Most amphibians live in regions.
Most amphibians live in roadside ponds.
Most amphibians live in terrestrial environments.
Most amphibians live in terrestrial habitats.
Most amphibians live in water.
Most amphibians live near water.
Most amphibians live part of their lives underwater and part on land.
Most amphibians look like lizards.
Most amphibians occupy niches.
Most amphibians occur in fresh water.
Most amphibians occur in water.
Most amphibians only exit the water as adults.
Most amphibians possess cells.
Most amphibians possess skulls.
Most amphibians possess toxins.
Most amphibians prefer environments.
Most amphibians reach maturity at three or four years.
Most amphibians reach maturity.
Most amphibians relate to frogs.
Most amphibians rely heavily on their moist skin to carry out gas exchange with the environment.
Most amphibians reproduce by laying eggs.
Most amphibians reproduce in the water.
Most amphibians require carbohydrates.
Most amphibians require diets.
Most amphibians require environments.
Most amphibians require habitats.
Most amphibians require moist environments and many spend part of their cycle in the water.
Most amphibians require ponds.
Most amphibians retain close ties with water and are most abundant in damp habitats.
Most amphibians retain gills.
Most amphibians return to ponds.
Most amphibians return to water.
Most amphibians share characteristics.
Most amphibians share key characteristics.
Most amphibians share several characteristics.
Most amphibians spend a lot of their lives in wet surroundings.
Most amphibians spend their early life in water, where eggs are laid and larvae hatch and swim.
Most amphibians survive events.
Most amphibians survive in habitats.
Most amphibians survive mass extinction events.
Most amphibians survive temperature.
Most amphibians swim in water.
Most amphibians thrive in environments.
Most amphibians thrive in ponds.
Most amphibians thrive in terrestrial environments.
Most amphibians thrive in wetland.
Most amphibians undergo a unique change from larvae to adults, called metamorphosis.
Most amphibians undergo larval phases.
Most amphibians undergo phases.
Most amphibians use jaws.
Most amphibians use large jaws.
Most amphibians use lungs.
Some amphibians absorb water.
Some amphibians accumulate urea.
Some amphibians are considered moderately intelligent.
Some amphibians are inside lakes.
Some amphibians are known as salamanders.
Some amphibians are located in marsh.
Some amphibians are located in water.
Some amphibians are located in wetland.
Some amphibians are located in woodlands.
Some amphibians are very sensitive to acid inputs, especially during reproductive periods.
Some amphibians avoid predators.
Some amphibians become vertebrates.
Some amphibians can also be difficult to handle due to their coating of protective slime.
Some amphibians can also detect insects by the sounds they make.
Some amphibians complete development.
Some amphibians complete metamorphosis.
Some amphibians cross streets.
Some amphibians develop straight into the adult stage from the embryo, skipping the tadpole stage.
Some amphibians dig deep burrows and stay there for up to nine months at a time.
Some amphibians eat algae and continue to feed and grow until there is no more algae left.
Some amphibians eat fish.
Some amphibians eat insects.
Some amphibians emerge from Africa.
Some amphibians emerge from forests.
Some amphibians emerge from ground.
Some amphibians emerge from habitats.
Some amphibians emerge from lakes.
Some amphibians emerge from oceans.
Some amphibians emerge from regions.
Some amphibians exhibit abnormalities.
Some amphibians feed on vertebrates.
Some amphibians find in deserts.
Some amphibians float in ponds.
Some amphibians give birth to frogs.
Some amphibians give birth to offspring.
Some amphibians has-part glands.
Some amphibians have animals.
Some amphibians have another amazing ability shared by few other animals.
Some amphibians have fingers.
Some amphibians have gills and live underwater during part of their life cycle.
Some amphibians have hemoglobins.
Some amphibians have large animals.
Some amphibians have metamorphosis.
Some amphibians have one sac, like a toad.
Some amphibians have ranges.
Some amphibians inhabit deserts.
Some amphibians invade ground.
Some amphibians lay eggs that are very clear.
Some amphibians live in Alberta.
Some amphibians live in areas.
Some amphibians live in coastlines.
Some amphibians live in Connecticut.
Some amphibians live in deserts.
Some amphibians live in ecosystems.
Some amphibians live in Illinois.
Some amphibians live in lakes.
Some amphibians live in zones.
Some amphibians move tails.
Some amphibians possess armor.
Some amphibians possess eggs.
Some amphibians possess structures.
Some amphibians present problems.
Some amphibians produce urea.
Some amphibians protect environments.
Some amphibians resemble salamanders.
Some amphibians resemble worms.
Some amphibians respond to climate variation.
Some amphibians respond to variation.
Some amphibians retain tails.
Some amphibians return to lakes.
Some amphibians secrete poison.
Some amphibians secrete powerful toxins.
Some amphibians shake heads.
Some amphibians sit on limbs.
Some amphibians survive for weeks.
Some amphibians use skin.
Amphibious boats can go on water and on land.
Amphibious creatures come from afar.
Amphibious invasions require spending two operations points.
Amphibious landings are of course there, with land units standing for their own transports.
An amphibious landing is a landing
An amphibious landing is an action
Amphibious operations are among the more difficult ones in the military.
Amphibious operations follow a well-defined pattern, sequence of events, or activities.
An amphibious operation is an operation
Amphibious species depend almost entirely on touch to detect prey underwater.
Amphibious tanks drive into and dive under water for surprise attacks .
Amphibious tanks drive into and dive under water for surprise attacks.
Amphibious units move two areas.
Amphibolites are common metamorphic rocks consisting in large part of hornblende.
An amphibolite is a metamorphic rock
Amphibologies are phrases or sentences that have two, often contrary meanings.
An amphibology is ambiguity
Amphidial nerves proceed anteriorly from the lateral ganglia.
Amphidiploids are organisms.
Amphidiploids are tetraploids with a complete diploid genome complement from each species parent.
Amphidiploids originate by the formation of the hybrid at the diploid state.
An amphidiploid is an organism
Amphipathic molecules have a hydrophilic polar head group and a hydrophobic nonpolar tail.
Amphipathic molecules have both hydrophilic and hydrophobic regions.
Amphipathic molecules tend to be randomly distributed in aqueous solutions.
Amphipods are a gray whale's favorite food.
Amphipods are another important type of planktonic crustacean.
Amphipods are important resources to other animals.
Amphipods are minute compared to gray whales.
Amphipods are often present.
Amphipods are thought to have originated in the Lower Carboniferous .
Amphipods are tiny compared to gray whales.
Amphipods are tiny shrimp like animals that live in sediment on the ocean floor.
Amphipods are usually much more active and agile than the slow moving, crawling isopods.
Amphipods can very selectively grab fungal stuff .
Amphipods do it too.
Amphipods have legs of different shapes.
Amphipods look like shrimp, but belong to a different family of crustaceans.
Amphipods look similar to shrimp, but without the hard tail portion.
An amphipod is a crustacean
Most amphipods carry their eggs and juveniles in a brood pouch.
Amphiprotic compounds are also good buffers.
Amphiprotic compounds buffer our blood.
Amphitheaters are the staple of national rock and pop concert tours.
An amphitheater is a gallery
Amphiumas have a long body .
Amphiumas have a long body.
Amphiumas live in the southeastern part of the United States .
Amphiumas live in the southeastern part of the United States.
An amphiuma is a salamander
An amphora is a jar
Some amphoras seem to be multiples of the choe , equivalent to the Roman congius .
Amphoteric materials are capable of neutralizing acids and bases.
Amphoteric molecules are simultaneously both positively and negatively charged.
Some amphoteric oxides react with both acids and bases.
Ampicillinum gran do sporz.
AMPL models remain concise even as sets and data tables grow.
Ample accommodation is available in the beach site.
Ample annotations accompany the documents.
Ample assistance is available.
Ample attention is given to the hard work involved in ballet as well as the rewards.
Ample bites appear imminent.
Ample boat launching and camping facilities are available.
Ample capacity is permitted at existing sites.
Ample clouds unfurl.
Ample copies are available in near-by libraries .
Ample documentation establishes that fact.
Ample documentation exists of wild pig-human encounters.
Ample documentation is also available.
Ample documentation is included, together with full support for installation and uninstall.
Ample documentation is included, together with full support for installation and uninstallation.
Ample documentation is included.
Ample equipment needed for instruction is provided.
Ample evidence exists showing that compliance with the standard is beneficial to any size company.
Ample evidence exists that imagery and relaxation bolster the immune system.
Ample evidence exists that members sign up for the clothing project to develop their sewing skills.
Ample evidence exists that retention of usable knowledge from such formats is very limited.
Ample evidence exists to show that the answer is wrong.
Ample evidence exists to support that concept.
Ample evidence exists to support the findings of the district court.
Ample evidence is cited showing that confirmed evolutionists are so on philosophical.
Ample evidence is presented of the new law's aggressive attack on workers' rights and entitlements.
Ample evidence shows that the defense attorneys provided adequate counseling to their client.
Ample evidence supports a more positive view.
Ample evidence supports all three elements.
Ample evidence supports the charge that working journalists tend to hold liberal views.
Ample evidence supports the trial court's position.
Ample evidence survives for instruments, and even a good deal of theory.
Ample examples exist of each.
Ample experience is provided for thoracic diagnosis and intervention.
Ample flexibility is provided for spending time with fellow students at or away from the school.
Ample food is provided for a small fee on weekends, and festivals are held year-round.
Ample funds are available to staff to provide current and relevant instructional materials.
Ample housing is available in the neighborhoods surrounding the campus.
Ample humor keeps the child and parent amused.
Ample insulation surrounding the specimen and ice packs is essential.
Ample lighting reveals a charming and very cozy interior.
Ample literature is available.
Ample literature supports the validity of either treatment protocol of being effective and safe.
Ample lubrication helps prevent tearing and allows the penis to move smoothly, minimizing pain.
Ample material is available for study in governmental and voluntary welfare and health agencies.
Ample material is available on the doctrine of salvation.
Ample memory allows days of work to be stored without downloading.
Ample mesh admits a cooling breeze.
Ample moisture helps plants maintain photosynthesis and transpiration rates at high levels.
Ample moisture is especially important during the spring and fall growing seasons.
Ample moisture is required in spring when flower buds are developing and during flowering.
Ample moisture is the most easily controlled factor in growth.
Ample moisture is vital at all stages of growth.
Ample nitrogen is released without the necessity of manuring, composting, legume rotation, etc.
Ample notes accompany each page.
Ample notice is provided tostudents before testing dates.
Ample opportunities abound for both male and female students.
Ample opportunities are available for advancement.
Ample opportunities are available in all aspects of real estate.
Ample opportunities are available to perform as a soloist or within the many campus ensembles.
Ample opportunities exist for amateur and professional renovators alike.
Ample opportunities exist for augmenting bilateral trade and investment.
Ample opportunities exist for doing research.
Ample opportunities exist for participation in faculty-initiated research projects.
Ample opportunities exist for students to study an instrument or voice.
Ample opportunities exist to intern in e-commerce.
Ample opportunities exist to participate in research activities in the department.
Ample opportunities exist to present data, both informally and formally.
Ample opportunities occur for discussion of reasoning fallacies.
Ample opportunity exists for advancement in research, analysis, production and sales.
Ample opportunity exists for broad-based patient contact.
Ample opportunity exists for participation in research and other professional activities.
Ample opportunity exists for promising students to develop individual courses.
Ample opportunity exists for work in specialized clinical and laboratory areas.
Ample opportunity exists throughout the method for the development of music reading skills.
Ample opportunity is afforded for the exercise of independent judgment.
Ample opportunity is available for discussion of pertinent topics.
Ample opportunity is given for improvisation.
Ample opportunity is given for inspection.
Ample opportunity is given to discuss each topic.
Ample opportunity is given to keep children constantly involved in learning.
Ample opportunity is given to practice and observe skilled mangers at work.
Ample opportunity is provided for feedback and questions if they arise.
Ample opportunity is provided for hands-on practice.
Ample opportunity is provided for individual questions and answers.
Ample opportunity is provided for question and answer sessions at the end of each section.
Ample opportunity is provided for questions, answers and consideration of problem patients.
Ample opportunity is provided for review and self-testing.
Ample opportunity is provided for specialized programs to fit each student's needs and interests.
Ample opportunity is provided for students to maintain algebraic skills.
Ample opportunity is provided for users to learn the new system.
Ample opportunity is provided to address written and oral questions submitted by the registrants.
Ample opportunity is scheduled into each course for discussion and sharing of positive practices.
Ample parking exists in the lots to the north, east and south of the building.
Ample parking is accommodated in attractively designed off-street lots and structures.
Ample parking is also available for all guests in and around the apartments.
Ample parking is also available.
Ample parking is always available .
Ample parking is always available for our patients.
Ample parking is always available.
Ample parking is avaiable.
Ample parking is available across the road from the show site.
Ample parking is available across the street from the center.
Ample parking is available across the street from the museum.
Ample parking is available adjacent to or near the building.
Ample parking is available adjacent to the buildings at no cots to conferees.
Ample parking is available adjacent to the fair for a small fee.
Ample parking is available adjacent to the field.
Ample parking is available adjacent to the museum.
Ample parking is available along with change rooms and restrooms.
Ample parking is available and all facilities are handicap-accessible.
Ample parking is available and clearly marked.
Ample parking is available and easily accessible.
Ample parking is available and it is near a bus line.
Ample parking is available and the building is accessible for the physically challenged.
Ample parking is available and the coliseum is air conditioned.
Ample parking is available and the galleries are wheelchair-accessible.
Ample parking is available and there is a bus stop a short walk away.
Ample parking is available around the arena.
Ample parking is available as well as picnic table for the convenience of the user.
Ample parking is available as well as restroom facilities.
Ample parking is available at all facilities.
Ample parking is available at both locations.
Ample parking is available at nearby airports and ferry landings.
Ample parking is available at nearby lots and on the streets.
Ample parking is available at no charge.
Ample parking is available at no cost behind the building.
Ample parking is available at the branch campus.
Ample parking is available at the front and north of the center.
Ample parking is available at the front of the center.
Ample parking is available at the hotel or nearby.
Ample parking is available at the marina.
Ample parking is available at the new site.
Ample parking is available at the office at no cost.
Ample parking is available at the rear of the building.
Ample parking is available at the school.
Ample parking is available at the side of the building.
Ample parking is available at the site.
Ample parking is available at the trail head behind the employee housing area.
Ample parking is available behind county square.
Ample parking is available behind the building during school events.
Ample parking is available behind the house.
Ample parking is available behind the Inn.
Ample parking is available both on-street and in number of city lots.
Ample parking is available by the building.
Ample parking is available close to the campus.
Ample parking is available during evenings and on weekends.
Ample parking is available for all guests.
Ample parking is available for all occupants.
Ample parking is available for all types of vehicles.
Ample parking is available for authorized students.
Ample parking is available for both residents and visitors.
Ample parking is available for buses.
Ample parking is available for cars and boat trailers.
Ample parking is available for cars, as well as buses and recreational vehicles.
Ample parking is available for free including disabled and van-accessible spaces.
Ample parking is available for one dollar with validation.
Ample parking is available for tenants and their clients.
Ample parking is available for visitors.
Ample parking is available free of charge at the office site.
Ample parking is available immediately adjacent to each Lodge.
Ample parking is available in a well-lighted security parking lot in back of the theatre.
Ample parking is available in adjacent parking decks and numerous surface lots.
Ample parking is available in an adjoining lot.
Ample parking is available in and around the Auditorium.
Ample parking is available in and around the Delta hotel.
Ample parking is available in attended, well-lit parking lots.
Ample parking is available in back of the building if none is available in front.
Ample parking is available in clearly marked lots.
Ample parking is available in front and around the back of the building.
Ample parking is available in front of and behind the church.
Ample parking is available in front of the building.
Ample parking is available in front of, and on the West side of the building.
Ample parking is available in nearby garages.
Ample parking is available in nearby public lots.
Ample parking is available in our parking lot adjacent to the building.
Ample parking is available in our parking lot.
Ample parking is available in spacious campus lots.
Ample parking is available in the adjacent lot.
Ample parking is available in the adjoining parking garage and surrounding parking lots.
Ample parking is available in the area at no charge.
Ample parking is available in the building.
Ample parking is available in the Fairgrounds area.
Ample parking is available in the front and rear of the building.
Ample parking is available in the front, and on the south and west sides of the hospital.
Ample parking is available in the large lot south of the hospital.
Ample parking is available in the lighted parking lot.
Ample parking is available in the municipal car park on the other side of the tourist office.
Ample parking is available in the parking lot.
Ample parking is available in the side parking lot.
Ample parking is available in the university's lots.
Ample parking is available in the vicinity of the hall.
Ample parking is available inside building garage for a nominal hourly rate.
Ample parking is available just north of the facility.
Ample parking is available just one block or less from the museum.
Ample parking is available near each hospital.
Ample parking is available near the building.
Ample parking is available nearby.
Ample parking is available on campus.
Ample parking is available on site at a very reasonable charge to students.
Ample parking is available on site, with overflow parking.
Ample parking is available on site.
Ample parking is available on street and at nearby garages and lots at standard rates.
Ample parking is available on the east side of the building.
Ample parking is available on the grounds.
Ample parking is available on the main parking lot, which is south of the hospital's main entrance.
Ample parking is available on the museum grounds.
Ample parking is available on the road.
Ample parking is available throughout the area.
Ample parking is available under the building and across ocean boulevard.
Ample parking is available underground and on the adjacent lot.
Ample parking is available underground.
Ample parking is available within walking distance.
Ample parking is available, and a guest parking pass is provided for each vehicle.
Ample parking is available, and delivery can be arranged for large items.
Ample parking is available, and on weekends a band plays next to one of the gorgeous fountains.
Ample parking is available, and walking trails wind through our gardens and grounds.
Ample parking is available, as well as a safe and convenient drop-off area in front of the building.
Ample parking is available, as well as special designated drive-through parking for tour buses.
Ample parking is available, check parking locations on our campus map .
Ample parking is available.
Ample parking is close to the beach.
Ample parking is generally available in the lot at the rear of the school behind the shop.
Ample parking is in the garage.
Ample parking is located adjacent to the softball fields.
Ample parking is located behind the building.
Ample parking is located directly behind the restaurant.
Ample parking is located in the lot adjacent to the track.
Ample parking is located nearby, with free shuttle bus service to the park.
Ample parking is nearby, including a public garage attached to the building by overhead walkway.
Ample parking is nearby.
Ample parking is on site.
Ample parking is proposed.
Ample parking is provided across the street.
Ample parking is provided adjacent to the building.
Ample parking is provided adjacent to the property.
Ample parking is provided all around the church.
Ample parking is provided and all facilities are accessible to the mobility-impaired.
Ample parking is provided and laundry facilities are conveniently located in each building.
Ample parking is provided at the rear.
Ample parking is provided by a city parking ramp located next door.
Ample parking is provided for each apartment.
Ample parking is provided for residents.
Ample parking is provided for yachtsmen and their guests on marina premises.
Ample parking is provided free for all guests.
Ample parking is provided free of charge to each of our guests.
Ample parking is provided free of charge.
Ample parking is provided in a secure setting.
Ample parking is provided in lots in the center of each block and on streets at the periphery.
Ample parking is provided off street for guests of By the Bay with easy level access to the suites.
Ample parking is provided off-site with shuttle buses running frequently.
Ample parking is provided on a well lit premises.
Ample parking is provided on-site.
Ample parking is provided, and individual garages are available.
Ample parking is provided, and several sites are accessible to persons with disabilities.
Ample parking is provided, with handicapped parking available on the south side of the building.
Ample parking is provided.
Ample parking makes coming and going easy.
Ample parking surrounds the entire office complex.
Ample payment is provided for participation.
Ample pollen enables bees to rear drones.
Ample power is available at attractive rates.
Ample power is given the board to enforce the execution of the scheme.
Ample power sockets with a partitions room.
Ample practice is given for moving between the closed and open hand and thumb fingering systems.
Ample precedent exists for such action.
Ample preparation is required to navigate the complete darkness of the cave.
Ample problems follow including problem solving applications.
Ample rentals are available in the immediate area.
Ample research exists linking dramatic academic improvements to the on going study of chess.
Ample research exists linking improved academic performance to the ongoing study of chess.
Ample resources are available to support research.
Ample rest helps people recover from acute disease.
Ample restrooms are available.
Ample rocker makes for easy boofing.
Ample roll is created.
Ample room exists for project work.
Ample room is available for engraving plates.
Ample room is available for last minute registrations, including at the door without prior notice.
Ample room is provided making test setup easy and efficient.
Ample scholarships are available for the camp to encourage a diverse applicant pool.
Ample scope is left for the exercise of private initiative.
Ample sites exist for further development.
Ample snowfall makes the area a natural winter wonderland.
Ample space is also available for a fishing log.
Ample space is available for lawn chairs and standing room along the perimeter of the field.
Ample space is available for most evening, weekend and summer events.
Ample space is available for multi-dog families to have their pets stay together.
Ample space is available near the playgrounds for an impromptu lunch.
Ample space is available under the groundboard for running power cables and air supply lines.
Ample space is devoted to present and future experiments.
Ample space is needed due to very large size.
Ample space is provided for extra tools and fittings.
Ample space is provided for names, addresses and telephone and fax numbers.
Ample space is provided for storage of files, drawings, manuals, and more.
Ample space is provided for students to work quietly or in groups within the multimedia center.
Ample space is provided for study.
Ample space is provided for wheelchairs and personal mobility electric carts.
Ample space is provided to accommodate special owner options.
Ample space is provided with tables for laptop computers.
Ample space provides great flexibility for venue configuration.
Ample staff are on duty to meet the needs of infants and toddlers.
Ample storage is an important household feature.
Ample storage is provided in fitted kitchen units and a refrigerator with freezer compartment.
Ample sunshine is the foremost consideration.
Ample supplies are available for the next two months.
Ample supplies are still in the garden centers.
Ample time is allocated for exploration of the valley's vibrant culture and architectural treasures.
Ample time is allocated for questions and discussion.
Ample time is allotted for academics as well as for creativity.
Ample time is allotted for discussion.
Ample time is allotted for personal prayer, reflection, and rest.
Ample time is allotted for questions and answers and informal networking.
Ample time is allotted for questions and discussion.
Ample time is allotted for questions, concerns and comments.
Ample time is available for approved electives.
Ample time is available for contributed talks.
Ample time is available for questions and group discussion with an admissions officer.
Ample time is available for questions both in the lecture format as well as during the workshops.
Ample time is available for social and cultural activity as well as sight seeing.
Ample time is dedicated for discussions.
Ample time is given at the end of the overseas portion for the completion of assignments.
Ample time is given for discussion and questions each week.
Ample time is given for practice and actual play on the course.
Ample time is given to eat.
Ample time is included for personal sightseeing and exploration at all sites.
Ample time is left for free discussions.
Ample time is left for writing, reading, discussion and reflection.
Ample time is needed to secure supplementary services and aides.
Ample time is planned for extensive discussion.
Ample time is provided during the coffee breaks for poster viewing.
Ample time is provided during the workshop for unstructured discussions.
Ample time is provided during the year for elective rotations.
Ample time is provided for discussion and friendly exchanges.
Ample time is provided for discussion.
Ample time is provided for either basic science or clinical research.
Ample time is provided for practice and role-plays related to students own experiences.
Ample time is provided for practice and role-plays related to students' own experiences.
Ample time is provided for questions and informal conversation at each program.
Ample time is provided for reading, writing, relaxation, and group activities.
Ample time is provided for spiritual, physical, social and creative development.
Ample time is provided for strolling, shopping and sampling the delights of the market.
Ample time is provided for youth activities, games, food and fellowship.
Ample time is provided on areas known to cause difficulties for students.
Ample time is provided to answer questions and discuss concerns.
Ample time is provided to review slides prior to case sign out by the faculty.
Ample time is provided to visit the shops and museums.
Ample time is required for all arrangements.
Ample time is scheduled for interaction with a registered dietitian.
Ample time is scheduled for interaction with registered dietitian.
Ample time is scheduled for questions and comments from the public on both days.
Ample time is set aside for individual conferences and tutorials.
Ample time is set aside for open dialogue between the young artists and students.
Ample time is set aside for residents to carry out a research project.
Ample time is spent on training.
Ample time needs to be provided to give anyone reasonable time to voice their opinion.
Ample tires provide superior flotation.
Ample training needs to be given to end users.
Ample use is made of local artistic talent.
Ample use is made of mathematical approaches.
Ample use is made of slide presentations.
Ample use is made of sonoristic and aleatoric elements.
Ample utilities are available in the infield area as well as in the parking area.
Ample varieties are available in western and Indian cuisine.
Ample water is available in many regions.
Ample water prevents the needles from drying and the boughs from drooping.
Ample windows allow maximum use of natural light and provide seasonal vistas of the Fox River.
Ample windows bring in lots of sun and light.
Ample windows frame the sunset.
Ampliative arguments have an inductive strength less than one.
Amplification devices are operable from any seat in the arena.
Amplification can be developmentally, temporally, or environmentally regulated.
Amplification can then present a risk of potential exposure to the occupants of the affected area.
Amplification consists of making several copies of a specific marker.
Amplification doubles with each step of the process.
Amplification increases scrye duration.
Amplification is an increase in magnitude of some detectable phenomenon.
Amplification is an increase
Amplification is available as needed.
Amplification is expansion.
Amplification is important.
Amplification is increases.
Amplification is one mechanism through which proto-oncogenes are activated in malignant cells.
Amplification is possible because the output voltage is much greater than that of the input voltage.
Amplification is the offensive counterpart to repetition.
Amplification is used throughout at performances, and the sound is distributed through loudspeakers.
Amplification is, say they, discourse which invests the subject with grandeur.
Amplification leads to overexpression.
Amplification means making a copy of a waveform, and the copy is usually larger.
Amplification means that more than one copy is found in the cell.
Amplification occurs by repeated firing of one or more origins located within each gene cluster.
Amplification only occurs from the carrier status when the gene passes through a female.
Amplification provides deaf and hard of hearing children access to sound.
Amplification requires self-monitoring by permit holder.
Amplification requires self-monitoring by permittee.
Amplification reveals the clarifying shades of meaning fully conveyed in the Hebrew and Greek texts.
Amplifications give additional information.
Amplification always requires one to add energy.
Amplified headphones are available for the hard of hearing.
Amplified music is permitted but restricted to a non-disturbing decibel level.
Amplified music is permitted inside and out.
Amplified music is permitted inside closed buildings only.
Amplified narration is also available for viewers with hearing impairments.
Amplified patients are the group demonstrating benefit from the drug.
Amplified perception creates a vibration of attraction and increase in line with awareness.
Amplified phones are available at each location.
Amplified sound is restricted to specified locations and times.
Amplified sound requires a special use permit.
Amplifier contains belt clip for easy mounting.
Amplifier is compatible with standard and electronic phones, single or multiline.
Amplifier is in near mint condition.
Amplifier is to the left and seismometer is to the right.
Amplifiers also have at the back 'positive' and 'negative' terminals.
Amplifiers are available for the telephones.
Amplifiers are compatible with all phones with modular handsets.
Amplifiers are electronic equipment.
Amplifiers are in general needed to drive piezoelectric components.
Amplifiers are in the process of being tested and approved.
Amplifiers are on schedule too.
Amplifiers are part of radio receivers.
Amplifiers are part of stereos.
Amplifiers are the other half of the complete electric bass rig.
Amplifiers are the tiny components in hearing aids that make voices sound louder.
Amplifiers are to be ready for export markets soon.
Amplifiers boost signal strength on broadband networks.
Amplifiers break and mess up or delay shows all the time.
Amplifiers can range from a few watts of power to a few thousand.
Amplifiers can recharge the signal up to a point.
Amplifiers help to boost the volume of either incoming or outgoing calls.
Amplifiers strengthen a signal, but they also strengthen the noise.
Amplifiers take the resulting signal and make it louder.
An amplifier is electronic equipment
All amplifiers generate some form of distortion.
Every amplifier has a frequency-response curve associated with it.
Every amplifier is designed to handle a certain load.
Many amplifiers exhibit poor measured performance but produce excellent sound.
Many amplifiers have 'presence' knob as part of the tone control system.
More amplifiers stemming from one power source, however, means that the current is greater.
Most amplifiers are inherently non-linear.
Most amplifiers dissipate heat through the use of small fans installed in the unit.
Most amplifiers now have a fuzz distortion effect built in.
Some amplifiers are made to add controlled distortion .
Some amplifiers are made to add controlled distortion.
Some amplifiers can cope with the variation better than others can.
Some amplifiers have minimum stable gain requirements.
Amplitude is a shift
Amplitude is abundances.
Amplitude is magnitudes.
Amplitude is shifts.
Amplitudes are in counts.
Amplitudes are in Volts.
Amplitudes are normal.
Amplitudes given by the formulas below are an average value suitable as an approximation.
Amplitudes seem to be more sensitive than latencies.
Amplitudes vary rapidly without concomitant changes in the solar wind.
Amptown cases offer an unbeatable combination of high protection and ease of handling.
Ampules are always single dose units.
Ampules keep fresh media hermetically sealed until ready to use.
An ampule is a bottle
Amputated digits are also X-rayed.
Amputated limbs require burial.
Amputation can also happen as an accident, which is called a traumatic amputation.
Amputation implies disease, poisoning the system.
Amputation is a frequent solution.
Amputation is a procedure that removes a portion of a limb.
Amputation is a tragedy.
Amputation is a tremendous loss.
Amputation is disability
Amputation is disability.
Amputation is diseases.
Amputation is extremely painful and frightening.
Amputation is helpful in controlling the pain.
Amputation is imminent, and other serious problems are predictable.
Amputation is likely, death is possible.
Amputation is often the only option.
Amputation is operations.
Amputation is painful and extremely frightening.
Amputation is prescribed for at least two offenses, theft and highway robbery.
Amputation is sometimes necessary, but it is always a proceeding of much gravity.
Amputation is sometimes necessary.
Amputation is sometimes the only means of relief.
Amputation is the best option for local control of the tumor, particularly if it is large.
Amputation is the loss of a digit or limb by trauma.
Amputation is the removal of one or more limbs, sometimes caused by trauma or another condition.
Amputation is very final.
Amputation offers the best chance for a cure because the tumor is then removed with wide margins.
Amputation seems unnatural.
Amputations are fairly common.
Amputations are probably of most concern to printers.
Amputations are prone to infection and heal slowly.
Amputations can be pretty tricky too.
Amputations demand special considerations.
Amputations Stop bleeding.
Most amputations involve small body parts such as a finger, rather than an entire limb.
Amputee receives AFMA prosthesis.
Amputees can more easily tackle slopes, stairs and other uneven terrain.
Amputees can move on flat terrain at different gait speeds with confidence.
Amputees can ski.
Amputees can walk naturally at different speeds on diverse terrain.
Amputees fight back.
Amputees have a bond.
Amputees have considerable medical complications and require multi-specialty intervention.
Amputees require counseling in order to peacefully come to terms with their disabilities.
An amputee is a person
Amputees often compare devotees with pedophiles.
Amputees often complain that prosthetic feet are quite stiff.
All amputees experience some degree of daily volume change.
Many amputees are able to be fitted with an artificial limb.
Many amputees are now able to put aside their wheelchairs for an active lifestyle.
Many amputees turn to begging to support themselves.
Some amputees are able to feel the foot and lower leg as if it was actually reconnected to the body.
Some amputees suffer from lifelong skin complaints while others have little or no difficulty.
Most Amsterdam residents opt for raw herring flavored with pickles and onions.
Amsterdam taxis are among the most expensive in Europe.
AMT considerations are especially important to capital intensive businesses.
AMT titles are truly cross-platform.
Amtech products are compatible.
Amtech systems increase equipment utilization and reduce dwell time and overhead.
Amtrack service is available at several communities.
Amtrack service is available.
Amtrack trains connect Worcester to Boston, Springfield, Hartford and New York City.
Amtrak tickets are available for an extra fee.
AmTran corporation builds and ships buses all across the nation.
Amulets are charm.
Amulets are crystals programmed for protection and personal power.
Amulets are worn objects imbued with personal magic.
Amulets blessed by reputable monks still do well.
Amulets can be quite powerful and their uses are many.
Amulets can work if produced by an expert.
Amulets have strong magic properties.
An amulet is charm
Many amulets can express in miniature the aesthetic and stylistic qualities of larger sculptures.
Amundsen party reaches South Pole.
Amusement centers offer the latest in video games, go-kart rides and skill games.
Amusement park is located in Florida.
Amusement park is located in Massachusetts.
Amusement park is located in South Carolina.
Amusement park modelling offers lots of opportunities for all sorts of modellers.
Amusement parks are a part of the American landscape.
Amusement parks are also full on weekends, and balloons are sold even in the snowstorm.
Amusement parks are dirty.
Amusement parks are fun for the whole family.
Amusement parks are good for children, now it's time for the men to play.
Amusement parks are in the blood.
Amusement parks are mis-named.
Amusement parks are parks.
Amusement parks are so much fun.
Amusement parks are tourist attraction.
Amusement parks compete to see who can build the most thrilling roller coaster.
Amusement parks focus on having the tallest, fastest, most exciting rides.
Amusement parks have rides.
Amusement parks pack 'em in every night.
Amusement parks promise amusement.
Amusement parks spread rapidly across America in the next decade.
Amusement parks use the concept of converting between potential and kinetic energy.
An amusement park is a park
Every amusement park has a roller coaster.
Every amusement park has at least one such device designed to set people spinning.
Some amusement parks have very strict rules about line-cutting.
Some amusement parks use robots.
Amusement rides are located in carnivals.
Amusement rides are neither childproof nor childsafe.
Amusement rides are no different than any other kind of product targeted at children.
Every amusement ride is engineered according to the laws of physics.
Many amusement rides provide rotation .
Many amusement rides provide rotation.
Amusement does have an aspect of good inasmuch as it is useful for human living.
Amusement is delight
Amusement is delight.
Amusement is located in circus.
Amusement is located in fairgrounds.
Amusement is located in movies.
Amusement is recreational activities.
Amusement is the best way to defuse an atmosphere of complaints.
Amusement is the commodified negation of play.
Amusement is the easiest way to get stagnant energy flowing again.
Amusement isa delight.
Amusement knows no borders.
Amusement parlours miscellaneous and complaints.
Amusements are plentiful at nearby historic estates, antique stores, and nature trails.
Amusements Click on the list title to open the data card.
Amusements Have a break.
Amusements Select a letter to jump to a different section of the glossary.
Amusement often accompanies annoyances.
Most amusements only mean trying to win another person's money.
Some amusements are inherently worldly, such as gambling, dancing, hard rock music, and the occult.
Amusing cover has metallic silver text.
Amusing graphics keep the layout visually interesting.
Amusing illustrations add to the story.
Amusing illustrations decorate the pages throughout.
Amusing illustrations enhance the learning process.
Amusing microbes do tricks, fascinating a bewildered scientist.
Amusing witticism is also a trait common to both races.
All AMWA activities are open to both male and female medical students and faculty members.
AMWA members practice in all medical specialties and settings.
AMWA physicians volunteer to house students in various cities across the United States.
Amway folk do resemble religious devotees in some respects.
Amygdalar serotonin mediates long term social roles following aggressive interaction .
Amygdalar serotonin mediates long term social roles following aggressive interaction.
Amyl nitrate is a dilator
Amyl nitrate is in a small mesh covered ampule that is popped or snapped to release the vapors.
Amyl nitrite can catch fire very easily and cause serious burns.
Amyl nitrite can cause serious harmful effects if too much is inhaled.
Amyl nitrite comes in ampoules that resemble some types of smelling salts.
Amyl nitrite dilates blood vessels, easing the heart's work.
Amyl nitrite is a clear, yellowish liquid having a peculiar ethereal, fruity odour.
Amyl nitrite is a clear, yellowish liquid that is sold in a cloth-covered, sealed bulb.
Amyl nitrite is a rush.
Amyl nitrite is a specific antidote.
Amyl nitrite is extremely flammable .
Amyl nitrite is used in the treatment of asthma and epileptic convulsions as an antispasmodic.
Amyl nitrite is useful only in a closed positive pressure respiratory system.
Amyl nitrites are chemical compounds.
Amylase adheres to the surface of laundry, acting as an adhesive for other stain components.
Amylase catalyses the breakdown of starch.
Amylase helps digest complex carbohydrates and polysaccharides.
Amylase helps the body breakdown sugars.
Amylase helps with breakdown of carbohydrates, protease with proteins and lipase with fat digestion.
Amylase is a carbohydrase.
Amylase is a group of enzymes from the exocrine pancreas.
Amylase is a pancreatic enzyme.
Amylase is found in most organisms and plays a key role in the digestion of complex carbohydrates.
Amylase is secreted by the salivary glands and pancreas.
Amylase isa enzyme.
Amylase reduces complex carbohydrates to simpler sugars like sucrose, lactose, and maltose.
Amylase reduces complex carbohydrates to simpler sugars like sucrose, lactose, and maltrose.
Amylase rises in the blood, but stays at normal levels in the urine.
Amylase works on carbohydrate and lipase is the fat-breaking enzyme.
Amylase works on carbohydrates and lipase on fat.
Amylases also improve the dough's consistency and the bread's keeping quality.
Amylases are enzymes that convert starch to sugar.
Amylases are enzymes, which break starch down into maltose.
Amylases are enzymes.
Amylases digest starches.
Amylases have (part) atoms.
Amylases have (part) chemical chain.
Amylases have (part) chemical groups.
Amylases help digest starches.
Amylases help starches.
An amylase is an enzyme
More amylase is mixed with food when it has passed down through the stomach into the intestine.
Most amylases help starches.
Some amylases break chemical bonds.
Some amylases break down carbohydrates.
Some amylases break down starches.
Some amylases help food.
Amyloid infiltrates cause organ damage resulting in failure as in the nephrotic renal syndrome.
Amyloids are proteins that can attack different parts of the body.
Amyloids are proteins.
Amyloids are starchs.
Amyloids protect the silkmoth oocyte and embryo.
An amyloid is sugar
All amyloids have a similar ultrastructure.
Amyloidosis associated by multiple myeloma usually has a poor prognosis.
Amyloidosis can affect virtually any organ or tissue in the body.
Amyloidosis can involve any organ or system in the body.
Amyloidosis can occur in any breed of dog or cat.
Amyloidosis constitutes approximately one percent of all benign lesions of the larynx.
Amyloidosis is a bone marrow disease.
Amyloidosis is a chronic disease that causes an abnormal protein to accumulate in body tissues.
Amyloidosis is a rare but severe complication of Crohn s disease.
Amyloidosis is a rare disease.
Amyloidosis is another one that can be very resistant.
Amyloidosis is defined as a syndrome characterised by extracellular accumulation of fibrils.
Amyloidosis is fatal.
Amyloidosis is hereditary.
Amyloidosis is included within the Myeloma research program.
Amyloidosis refers to the extracellular deposition of a protein called amyloid.
Amyloidosises are diseases.
Amyloidosises are illnesses.
An amyloidosis is an illness
ANs can also transport hunters and fishers to places with bad accessibility.
Most Anabantoid males build bubble nests during the breeding season.
Anabaptist churches have excellent curricula and many dedicated teachers.
Anabolic compounds are illegaly used in many countries.
Anabolic desires are constructive, helpful and necessary for maintaining health and peace of mind.
Anabolic hormones promote growth.
Most anabolic hormones promote growth.
Some anabolic hormones accelerate protein synthesis.
Some anabolic hormones accelerate synthesis.
Some anabolic hormones are secreted by anterior pituitaries.
Some anabolic hormones are secreted by pituitaries.
Some anabolic hormones increase uptake.
Anabolic metabolism happens to be the change part.
Anabolic metabolism requires energy.
Anabolic pathways are oxidative in nature.
Anabolic reactions give off energy.
Anabolic reactions require energy input.
Anabolic reactions use up energy.
An anabolic steroid is a sex hormone
Anabolic steroid are controlled substances, legal with a prescription.
Anabolic steroid boosts weight.
Anabolic steroids act in the limbic system.
Anabolic steroids act on the balance between anabolic and catabolic processes within the body.
Anabolic steroids affect men.
Anabolic steroids are a proven path to infertility.
Anabolic steroids are a synthetic form of the male sex hormone - testosterone.
Anabolic steroids are a totally different kind of drug related to the male sex hormone.
Anabolic steroids are an illegal drug that is used to enhance muscle mass.
Anabolic steroids are compounds which stimulate the body into anabolism.
Anabolic steroids are derivatives of the male hormone testosterone.
Anabolic steroids are drugs derived from the male hormone testosterone.
Anabolic steroids are drugs related to natural male sex hormones.
Anabolic steroids are extremely unpredictable.
Anabolic steroids are illegal.
Anabolic steroids are laboratory made versions of the male sex hormone, testosterone.
Anabolic steroids are legally available only by prescription in the United States.
Anabolic steroids are man made versions of the male hormone testosterone.
Anabolic steroids are man-made substances related to male sex hormones.
Anabolic steroids are natural or synthetic versions of hormones that are produced by the body.
Anabolic steroids are now controlled substances.
Anabolic steroids are one such class of substances.
Anabolic steroids are painkillers.
Anabolic steroids are perhaps the most well known performance-enhancing drug.
Anabolic steroids are potent drugs.
Anabolic steroids are probably the best known drugs of abuse in sports.
Anabolic steroids are safe used in a logical pattern.
Anabolic steroids are sex hormones.
Anabolic steroids are similar to, and include, the male hormone, testosterone.
Anabolic steroids are steroid hormones.
Anabolic steroids are strong prescription drugs that have some dangerous side-effects.
Anabolic steroids are synthetic derivatives of the male hormone testosterone.
Anabolic steroids are synthetic forms of the hormone testosterone.
Anabolic steroids are synthetic hormones used by athletes to develop bulk and muscle strength.
Anabolic steroids are synthetic substances related to male sex hormones.
Anabolic steroids are synthetic substances related to the male sex hormones, called androgens.
Anabolic steroids are synthetic substances which have many harmful side effects.
Anabolic steroids are synthetic substitutes for natural male sex hormones.
Anabolic steroids are tissue mass-increasing steroids, which means they help build muscle.
Anabolic steroids are used by athletes of all ages as well as other individuals.
Anabolic steroids are very different from corticosteroids such as prednisone, used to treat asthma.
Anabolic steroids can also stimulate male breast growth.
Anabolic steroids can be dangerous, though, and medical supervision is desirable.
Anabolic steroids can cause many health problems as well as other side effects.
Anabolic steroids can change the messages the hypothalamus sends to the body.
Anabolic steroids can halt growth prematurely in adolescents.
Anabolic steroids can have very bad effects on the human body .
Anabolic steroids can have very bad effects on the human body.
Anabolic steroids can improve the body's capacity to train and compete at the highest level.
Anabolic steroids can irreversibly stunt one's growth potential.
Anabolic steroids can lead to an expansion of the cardiac muscle, which can cause heart attacks.
Anabolic steroids can produce heart attacks.
Anabolic steroids cause heart attacks, growth stoppage and violent outbursts.
Anabolic steroids come in liquid forms for injection and tablets for oral administration.
Anabolic steroids do the opposite and are supposed to make muscles enlarge.
Anabolic steroids have many adverse side effects.
Anabolic steroids have many dangerous side effects that corticosteroids lack.
Anabolic steroids have several legitimate medical uses.
Anabolic steroids help send the amino acids back to the muscles.
Anabolic steroids help to build the body's tissues.
Anabolic steroids help users to recover from strenuous exercise.
Anabolic steroids increase exercise tolerance.
Anabolic steroids increase muscle mass.
Anabolic steroids increase muscle size and therefore help to increase strength.
Anabolic steroids stimulate growth.
Anabolic steroids stimulate muscle growth.
Anabolic steroids taken to enhance performance can lead to ligament injuries.
Anabolic steroids use among adolescents in Nebraska schools.
Anabolic steroids use and use of other hormones can reduce sperm quality.
Anabolic steroids used by bodybuilders are completely different medications with different effects.
All anabolic steroids are chemical derivatives of the male sex hormone, testosterone.
Most anabolic steroids affect men.
Most anabolic steroids stimulate growth.
Most anabolic steroids stimulate muscle growth.
Some anabolic steroids inhibit bone growth.
Some anabolic steroids inhibit growth.
Some anabolic therapy decreases excretion.
An anachronism is an activity
Anachronism destroys any live performance.
Anachronisms abound, both in attitudes and in speech.
Anachronisms are artifacts.
Anachronisms are people.
Some anachronisms are more serious, though.
Anachronistic accounts erase historical difference.
An anaconda is a boa
Anacondas are boas.
Anacondas are constrictors.
Anacondas are roller coasters.
Anacondas are snakes.
Anacondas are software.
Anacondas spend most of their life in the water.
Anacondas spend much more time in water than boas do.
Anacondas swallow their prey whole, starting with the head.
Anacondas swallow their victims whole by opening their jaws extremely wide.
Some anacondas live in water, and drag their victims into the river to drown.
Anadromous adventures Be the salmon.
Anadromous fish are also an important source of nutrients.
Anadromous fish are fish that live in saltwater, but return to freshwater to spawn.
Anadromous fish are fish that mature in the sea but migrate to fresh water to breed.
Anadromous fish are unique in that they live in both fresh and salt water.
Anadromous fish benefit from both freshwater and marine habitats.
Anadromous fish can no longer migrate from the sea.
Anadromous fish inhabits both fresh water and salt water, depending on the time of year.
Anadromous fish inhabits both fresh water and salt water, dependingon the time of year.
Anadromous fish live in the oceans but migrate up freshwater rivers to spawn.
Anadromous fish make use of the area below the falls for spawning and rearing.
Anadromous fish migrate up rivers from the sea to breed in fresh water.
Anadromous fish spend most of their life in salt water but migrate to fresh water for spawning.
Anadromous fishes migrate from marine environments into freshwater environments to spawn.
Anadromous fishes spawn in freshwater and migrate to sea as juveniles to grow towards adulthood.
Anadromous fishes spend most of their lives at sea but migrate to fresh water to breed.
Anadromous fishes swim from the ocean into rivers or streams to breed.
Anadromous lampreys return to fresh water in the fall and overwinter until spring when they spawn.
Anadromous trout are hard to distinguish.
Anaemia affects around two billion people worldwide.
Anaemia associated with inadequate intake of folate is common.
Anaemia can occur due to a heavy loss of blood during period time.
Anaemia causes diminished mental and physical capacities.
Anaemia covers groups of conditions characterized by paleness of skin and membrane.
Anaemia Following diagnosis, many coeliacs sufferers are anaemic.
Anaemia is a significant problem, particularly among pregnant women.
Anaemia is a symptom
Anaemia is almost always present.
Anaemia is also a risk factor for developing infections after surgery.
Anaemia is basically lack of red blood cell count in the blood.
Anaemia is chronic and severe.
Anaemia is common among women.
Anaemia is directly related to nutritional deficiencies.
Anaemia is frequently present, and sometimes skin rashes along with joint pains.
Anaemia is made worse by some illnesses, particularly hookworm infection.
Anaemia is one of the common problems present before the diagnosis of coeliac disease is made.
Anaemia is very common.
Anaemia results from the shortage of oxygen-carrying red blood cells that fuel body function.
Anaemia simply means that the levels of haemoglobin in the blood are low.
Most anaemia is due to malaria.
An anaerobe is an organism
Anaerobes are also resistant.
Anaerobes are extremely important in intra-abdominal infections.
Anaerobes are intrinsically resistant to aminoglycosides.
Anaerobes are organisms.
Anaerobes can exist as eukaryotes or as prokaryotes, but they are never multicellular.
Anaerobes get oxygen from the decomposition of compounds that contain it.
Anaerobes grow only beneath the surface of foods or inside containers.
Anaerobes infrequently produce meningitis, but are a common cause of brain abscesses.
Anaerobes play an important role in chorioamnionitis.
Anaerobes predict post-cesarean section complications.
Anaerobes thrive in soil, marine sediments, and other low-oxygen environments.
Anaerobes usually outnumber aerobes and facultative anaerobes.
Many anaerobes are common soil bacteria while many others make up part of the normal flora.
Anaerobic activities keep the heart rate elevated above the training level.
Anaerobic activity is more vigorous in the summer.
Anaerobic activity is short in duration and high in intensity.
Anaerobic activity is stop and go in nature.
Anaerobic activity produces lactic acid build-up in muscle tissue, which can be temporarily painful.
Some anaerobic activities are tennis, sprinting, skiing, and weight training.
Anaerobic adhesives are very versatile and are used in a wide variety of applications.
Anaerobic bacteria are capable of survival in the absence of free oxygen.
Anaerobic bacteria are happy inside.
Anaerobic bacteria are most active over the weekend when no processes are running.
Anaerobic bacteria are often cultured from ulcers with ischemic necrosis or deep tissue involvement.
Anaerobic bacteria are small organisms that can live without oxygen.
Anaerobic bacteria are some of the oldest forms of life on earth.
Anaerobic bacteria break down organics and produce methane gas.
Anaerobic bacteria can be any one of the bad guys, like e-colli, botulism, etc.
Anaerobic bacteria can cause brain and spinal cord abscesses.
Anaerobic bacteria can cause infection practically anywhere in the body.
Anaerobic bacteria can then proliferate in the body.
Anaerobic bacteria can use nitrate, sulfate, or other solutes in place of oxygen for metabolism.
Anaerobic bacteria dominate wet compost piles and create bad odors.
Anaerobic bacteria form and begin to decompose waste products.
Anaerobic bacteria grow in environments lacking oxygen.
Anaerobic bacteria grow in places which completely, or almost completely, lack oxygen.
Anaerobic bacteria lack either superoxide dismutase or catalase or both.
Anaerobic bacteria live in the absence of oxygen.
Anaerobic bacteria produce methane and carbon dioxide, both greenhouse gases.
Anaerobic bacteria produce various gases that give off odors.
Anaerobic bacteria release alcohol and carbon dioxide.
Anaerobic bacteria thrive in environments with limited amounts of oxygen or no oxygen present.
Anaerobic bacteria turn marijuana into brown slime.
Anaerobic bacteria use uranium species in solution as a part of their metabolic process.
Many anaerobic bacteria are very useful and needed in soils.
Most anaerobic bacteria cause infection.
Most anaerobic bacteria produce substances.
Most anaerobic bacteria produce toxic substances.
Most anaerobic bacteria use oxygen.
Some anaerobic bacteria convert matter.
Some anaerobic bacteria convert organic matter.
Some anaerobic bacteria live in digestive tracts.
Some anaerobic bacteria live in human digestive tracts.
Some anaerobic bacteria live in tracts.
Some anaerobic bacteria produce compounds.
Some anaerobic bacteria produce methane.
Some anaerobic bacteria produce poisonous compounds.
Anaerobic bacteria cause infection.
Anaerobic bacteria produce substances.
Anaerobic bacteria produce toxic substances.
Anaerobic bacteria use oxygen.
Anaerobic bacteriums are anaerobic organisms.
Anaerobic bacteriums are bacteriums.
Anaerobic balanitis responds to metronidazole rapidly.
Anaerobic benefits determine how well a workout strengthens and develops muscles.
Anaerobic chambers are available for the culture and handling of strictly anaerobic microorganisms.
Anaerobic compost can be quite acidic.
Anaerobic conditions are undesirable.
Anaerobic conditions can arise as a result of compaction or waterlogging.
Anaerobic conditions can produce odorous and toxic gases.
Anaerobic conditions develop when water displaces oxygen present within the pore spaces of a soil.
Anaerobic conditions lead to germination.
Anaerobic conditions prevail.
Anaerobic conditions retard microbial degradation.
Most anaerobic conditions lead to germination.
Some anaerobic conditions are caused by tide.
Some anaerobic conditions prevent development.
Anaerobic conditioning comes from interval training.
Anaerobic decomposition is often a problem with leaves or large piles of wood chips.
Anaerobic decomposition is slower and can generate strong odors.
Anaerobic decomposition releases much less energy from organic matter than does aerobic respiration.
Anaerobic degradation can proceed by reductive dechlorination.
Anaerobic degradation occurs under denitrifying, sulfate reducing and methanogenic conditions.
Anaerobic digesters work under the same two-step biological process as anaerobic lagoons.
Anaerobic digestion is another biological process that utilizes microbes.
Anaerobic digestion is another method for forming gases from biomass.
Anaerobic digestion is used to stabilize the sludge which is removed from the wastewater.
Anaerobic digestion occurs in manure in the absence of oxygen.
Anaerobic digestion offers excellent odor control.
Anaerobic digestion produces gases.
Anaerobic digestion produces methane that can be burned to release energy.
Anaerobic digestion produces natural gases.
Anaerobic digestion produces renewable natural gases.
Anaerobic digestion stabilizes sewage sludge and destroys harmful bacteria.
Anaerobic digestion tends to be slow.
Most anaerobic digestion produces gases.
Most anaerobic digestion produces natural gases.
Most anaerobic digestion produces renewable natural gases.
Anaerobic energy is needed for quick reactions.
An anaerobic exercise is an exercise
Anaerobic exercise can also increase bone mass.
Anaerobic exercise consists of exercise that concentrates on individual muslces.
Anaerobic exercise entails intense bursts of muscle activity.
Anaerobic exercise focuses on specific muscles and their size, endurance, and strength.
Anaerobic exercise helps increase the muscle mass.
Anaerobic exercise helps maintain muscle strength and increase stamina and muscle tone.
Anaerobic exercise involves short bursts of exertion followed by periods of rest.
Anaerobic exercise involves short intense spurts of energy as in weight lifting or sprinting.
Anaerobic exercise involves short, intense bursts of activity, such as weightlifting.
Anaerobic exercise is exercise in which little oxygen is utilized in the muscles to burn calories.
Anaerobic exercise is exercise of such intensity, that one can only do it but for a few seconds.
Anaerobic exercise is ideal for people who want to build muscle.
Anaerobic exercise is quick or of higher intensity.
Anaerobic exercise promotes specific muscle size, endurance and strength.
Anaerobic exercise requires no oxygen for metabolism.
Anaerobic exercises are an essential part of any total fitness plan.
Anaerobic exercises are intense exercises that can be tolerated for only a few moments.
Anaerobic exercises are short-term, and emphasize building muscle, rather than burning oxygen.
Anaerobic exercises use large groups of muscles very strenuously for short periods of time.
Anaerobic fermentation is among the most promising methods for processing feedlot wastes.
Anaerobic fermentation is involved in the silage making process.
Some anaerobic fermentation breaks down glucose.
Anaerobic fitness is developed to a degree with power training.
Anaerobic fitness is gained fairly quickly and goes away fairly quickly.
Anaerobic glycolysis is far more rapid than aerobic metabolism.
Anaerobic glycolysis is the second process that supplies energy to the muscle fiber without oxygen.
Anaerobic glycolysis is very fast, but is inhibited by lactic acid accumulation.
Anaerobic glycolysis utilizes carbohydrates and produces water and acid, or free hydrogen ions.
Anaerobic infections are among the most challenging infectious disease problems.
Many anaerobic infections originate near a disrupted mucosal surface.
Anaerobic lagoons digest and transform the manure into methane, nutrients, carbon dioxide and water.
Anaerobic lagoons work best in warm weather.
Anaerobic metabolism contributes to survival.
Anaerobic metabolism is primarily carbohydrate.
Anaerobic metabolism is used for activities requiring short bursts of energy.
Anaerobic metabolism is used to produce intense power for a short period of time.
Anaerobic metabolism relies exclusively on carbohydrate as an energy source.
Anaerobic microbes break down matter.
Anaerobic microbes break down organic matter.
Anaerobic microbes dominate the microbial population in deep portions of an anaerobic lagoon.
Anaerobic microbes obtain energy from oxygen bound to other molecules such as sulfate compounds.
Anaerobic microbes produce smelly gasses as a by-product of decomposition.
Most anaerobic microbes break down matter.
Most anaerobic microbes break down organic matter.
Anaerobic microorganisms live without oxygen whereas aerobic microorganisms are oxygen dependent.
Anaerobic microorganisms thrive when the compost pile is oxygen deficient.
Anaerobic organisms are essential to life.
Anaerobic organisms are rare because of the high oxygen tension of ascitic fluid.
Anaerobic organisms can grow without the presence of oxygen.
Anaerobic organisms cause septic thrombophlebitis of the internal jugular vein.
Anaerobic organisms proliferate.
Most anaerobic organisms are bacteria or archaeans .
Anaerobic pathogens are much more common in chronic sinusitis.
Anaerobic pathways are less well-understood.
Anaerobic power is what drives maximum gains in training stimulus.
Anaerobic processes have a smaller footprint and produce smaller quantities of sludge.
Anaerobic prokaryotes live in habitats.
Most anaerobic prokaryotes live in habitats.
Anaerobic respiration can provide energy to animals for several days in the absence of oxygen.
Anaerobic respiration can use nitrate, sulfate, etc. as electron acceptor.
Anaerobic respiration is a common occurrence .
Anaerobic respiration is a very slow process.
Anaerobic respiration is in the absence of air.
Anaerobic respiration is necessary above the anaerobic threshold.
Anaerobic respiration is the build up of lactic acid which also causes cramps.
Anaerobic respiration lets organisms live in places where there is little or no oxygen.
Anaerobic respiration prevents muscle fatigue.
Anaerobic respiration produces more energy for cells than does aerobic respiration.
Anaerobic respiration provides energy.
Anaerobic respiration provides enough energy.
Anaerobic respiration releases much less energy than does aerobic respiration.
Anaerobic respiration releases oxygen.
Anaerobic respiration requires oxygen.
Anaerobic respiration takes place in a. the chloroplast.
Anaerobic respiration takes place in our skeletal muscles.
Anaerobic respiration uses oxygen from the breakdown of compounds such as nitrate or sulfate.
Anaerobic respiration uses sulfur, methane or hydrogen as electron acceptors.
Most anaerobic respiration provides energy.
Most anaerobic respiration provides enough energy.
Most anaerobic respiration releases oxygen.
Most anaerobic respiration requires oxygen.
Some anaerobic respiration has equations.
Some anaerobic respiration involves breakdowns.
Some anaerobic respiration occurs in absence.
Some anaerobic respiration produces acid.
Some anaerobic respiration produces lactic acid.
Anaerobic rides are the best.
Anaerobic sediments promote denitrification.
Anaerobic strength comes in two types, defined below.
Anaerobic systems are slower than aerobic systems.
Anaerobic training is of limited use to young athletes as they possess little anaerobic capacity.
Anaerobic treatment has to be combined with a proper post-treatment.
Anaerobic treatment involves using microorganisms in the absence of oxygen.
Anaerobic treatment is a well proven and accepted technology.
Anaerobic treatment is the breakdown of manure organic matter in an oxygen-free environment.
Anaerobic wetlands neutralize acidity through microbial action.
Anaerobic zones are most likely to occur in crevices at o-ring pipe joints and threaded fittings.
Anaesthesia is a condition
Anaesthesia is at least as reasonable an analogy as snake oil, in context.
Anaesthetic circuit Includes any part of the gas path in contact with gas expired by the patient.
Anaesthetic complications are unusual because the length of surgery is usually relatively short.
Anaesthetic risks are greater for women who smoke or who are significantly overweight.
All anaesthetic use is subject to approval of the animal care committees.
An anaesthetic is a drug
Anaesthetics are almost entirely safe, but every operation carries a very slight risk.
Anaesthetics are medicine.
Anaesthetics are medicines or drugs which stop a person from having feelings in their body .
Anaesthetics are medicines or drugs which stop a person from having feelings in their body.
Anaesthetics go back a long way in history.
Anaesthetics is discussed in relation to six broad categories.
An anaesthetist is a specialist
Anaesthetists are able to embark on studies leading to the award of MD and PhD degrees.
Anaesthetists are doctors.
Anaesthetists are duty bound to be in a position to respond to change.
Anaesthetists are very often in an ideal situation to practice it.
Anaesthetists can anonymously describe critical incidents and their management.
Anaesthetists have to be good all round doctors.
Anaesthetists provide safe pain control during child-birth.
Many anaesthetists have e-mail addresses.
Most anaesthetist are familiar with conventional laryngoscopy and steering an intubation stylet.
Some anaesthetists place a cannula into the sheath to allow further top ups of local anaesthesia.
Some anaesthetists use small doses of alfentanil or fentanyl.
Anaglyph glasses cover the left eye with a red filter and cover the right eye with a blue filter.
An anaglyph is a carving
Anaglyphs lose colour depth, but are arguably easier to view than stereo pairs.
Anaglyphic photography overlaps the pictures from the very beginning.
An anagram is a word
Anagrams are hard.
Anagrams are word games.
Anagrams are words which contain the same characters shuffled into different positions.
Anagrams are words.
Anagrams have a long history.
Anagrams never lie.
Anagrams reveal deep truths.
Anal beads are available in various sizes.
Some anal beads feel soft to the touch, while others are firm and textured.
Anal cancer bears some resemblance to cervical cancer in women.
Anal cancer can cause red patches on the anus.
Anal cancer is an often curable disease.
Anal cancer is cancer.
Anal cancer is diseases.
Anal cancer is often mistaken for hemorrhoids, doctors say.
Anal cancer is typically a squamous cell carcinoma that arises near the squamocolumnar area .
Anal cancer is typically a squamous cell carcinoma that arises near the squamocolumnar area.
Anal cancers appear to be on the increase.
Anal cancers occur most frequently in individuals with a history of chronic anal irritation.
Anal carcinoma is associated with sexually transmitted viral carcinogenesis.
Anal carcinoma is much less common than colorectal cancer .
Anal cleanliness helps to prevent anal infections and urinary tract infections.
Anal cushions are the tail end of the anal canal.
Anal eroticism is surrounded by a powerful taboo.
Anal fin is approximately the same size as the two dorsal fins.
Anal fin is triangular.
Some anal fins have edges.
Some anal fins have lead edges.
Some anal fins have spines.
Anal fissure is diseases.
Anal fissure is the most common cause of rectal bleeding in infancy.
Anal fissures are a fairly common disorder and occur more often in women.
Anal fissures are cracks or a split in the skin of the anal canal.
Anal fissures are diagnosed and evaluated by visual inspection of the anus and anal canal.
Anal fissures are extremely painful.
Anal fissures are splits in the anal mucosa immediately within the anal verge.
Anal fissures occur in the specialized tissue that lines the anus and anal canal, called anoderm.
Anal fistulas are frequent events which often recur after an inadequate surgical treatment.
Most anal fistulas start from small pouches called crypts.
Some anal fistulas have other causes like inflammatory bowel disease, tuberculosis , or radiation .
Anal glands are small sacs located on each side of the anus.
Anal glands emit a foul-smelling substance used during fights.
Anal glands emit secretion.
Anal glands emit smell secretion.
Anal glands produce odor.
Anal glands provide clues to sexual status and perhaps other information as well.
Anal glands secrete substances.
Most anal glands produce odor.
Some anal glands contain chemicals.
Some anal glands look like testes.
Some anal glands produce musks.
Some anal glands produce smell musks.
Some anal glands secrete musky fluid.
Anal guys make good coaches because they're very detailed and organized.
Anal incontinence is a rare complication of surgery for hemorrhoidal disease.
Anal infections can also develop in women who have had receptive anal intercourse.
Anal intercourse is an even riskier activity.
Anal intercourse is especially risky due to the delicate tissue involved.
Anal intercourse is likely to be higher.
Anal intercourse is sexual perversion
Anal intercourse is the least frequently practiced form of anal sex.
Anal intercourse is the least practiced form of anal sex.
Anal intercourse stretches the opening to the size required for a large bowel movement.
Anal intercourse transmits the virus very efficiently.
Anal irritation is principally a skin problem.
Anal lesions can occur without anal intercourse.
Anal passions has thousands of categorised pics for hours of butt fest pleasure.
Anal penetration can be pleasurable, but it can also be a source of physical discomfort.
Anal penetration filmed in the UK where only two men are present on screen is, however, acceptable.
Some anal people align their line comments.
Anal pleasure can be psychological as well as physical.
Anal rape carries a very high risk of infection while oral sex carries little or none.
Anal removals are so complicated by moving parts.
Anal sacs are structures located near the dog's anus that produce a foul scent.
Anal sacs are two small scent-sacs in the area of the anus.
Anal sacs have no known beneficial purpose for dogs and cats.
Anal sandwich is best supper HOT girls pissing.
Anal scent glands emit secretion.
Some anal scent glands secrete fluid.
Anal sex can also build intimacy.
Anal sex can be another form of sexual release and enjoyment for many couples.
Anal sex can be perfectly safe, even beneficial.
Anal sex can be the primary form of sexual activity or it can accompany other types of stimulation.
Anal sex can be very pleasurable for lots of people, men and women.
Anal sex can lead to chlamydia infections of the rectum, with diarrhea, rectal bleeding, and pain.
Anal sex can still pass sexually transmitted diseases from one partner to another .
Anal sex can still pass sexually transmitted diseases from one partner to another.
Anal sex causes no direct harm to the baby.
Anal sex has an extremely high rate of disease transfer.
Anal sex is a highly risky practice.
Anal sex is as good as having a big dick stuck up a pussy.
Anal sex is disgusting, far more than eating animals.
Anal sex is enjoyable because of the rich body of nerve endings in the anus.
Anal sex is especially risky because it can result in tiny tears or cuts in the rectum.
Anal sex is merely one means of transmission.
Anal sex is one of the most efficient manners to transmit disease.
Anal sex is perhaps the primary way men can cultivate the corresponding energy, called yin .
Anal sex is popular with some swingers.
Anal sex is sexual activities.
Anal sex is sexual perversion
Anal sex is something that many people experiment with briefly, but few continue it for long.
Anal sex is subject to legal restrictions in some states, even between married couples.
Anal sex is the best.
Anal sex is the highest-risk sexual behavior.
Anal sex is very risky because it usually causes bleeding.
Anal sex is when a stud has nude sex , when the man has a big cock.
Anal sex leads to tearing of intestinal membranes allowing infected semen to enter the bloodstream.
Anal sex means gay sex in the ass with cocks or just gay sex.
Anal sex means gay sexin the ass with cocks or just gay sex.
Anal sex poses a high risk because tissues in the rectum break easily.
Anal sex puts more stress on condoms.
Anal sex requires a high level of passion, for both women and men.
Anal sex requires very little preparation time.
Anal stenosis is a possible complication.
Anal stimulation is a whole other essay.
Anal stimulation provides many kinds of pleasure.
Anal tone is reduced, but the patient can voluntarily control the anal sphincter.
Anal tumors can develop in the anus.
Anal warts are a difficult problem.
Anal warts are generally flat topped, hard bumps.
Anal warts are irregular, verrucous lesions caused by human papilloma virus .
Anal warts are more likely to become painful and difficult to remove.
Analagous colors adjoin one another and blend well together.
An analgesia is a condition
Analgesia begins within one hour and starts to peak in two hours.
Analgesia is defined as the lack of normal pain sensation.
Analgesic blocks using neurolytic agents block nerve conductivity and destroys the nerves.
Analgesic doses are usually less than what is required for depressive disorders.
Analgesic drugs act in various ways on the peripheral and central nervous systems.
Analgesic drugs reduce pain and are generally categorized as narcotics and non-narcotics.
Analgesic effects are due to both peripheral and central effects.
Any analgesic effect is probably independent of the antidepressant effects.
Analgesic efficacy is only one.
Analgesic medications are the first line of treatment in Western medicine.
Analgesic nephropathy is one of the most common types of toxic damage to the kidney.
Analgesic potency is approximately equal to that of morphine at equivelant doses.
Analgesic potency is similar to that of other weak opioids.
Analgesic requirements are minimal and patients return to full activity in a week.
Analgesic is medicine
Analgesic is medicine.
Analgesics act on the nervous system to provide temporary relief for pain.
Analgesics act on the nervous system to relieve pain without causing loss of consciousness.
Analgesics affect different people in different ways.
Analgesics are compounds used to reduce pain, antipyretics are compounds used to reduce fever.
Analgesics are difficult to obtain, pentazocine being the strongest available.
Analgesics are drugs that dull the perception of pain.
Analgesics are drugs that relieve pain.
Analgesics are good for relieving some pains.
Analgesics are ideal in the treatment of mild to moderate chronic pain.
Analgesics are medicines that help control pain and to reduce fever.
Analgesics are medicines that relieve pain.
Analgesics are pain killers.
Analgesics are safer than anti-inflammatories.
Analgesics are tablets or powders that relieve pain.
Analgesics are the mainstay of cancer pain therapy.
Analgesics are there to help, and so are the ice bags and ice substitute packs.
Analgesics are true pain relievers, that is, they dull the sensation of pain.
Analgesics are useless for some sufferers because the headache is over before they can take effect.
Analgesics become completely ineffective painkillers.
Analgesics can act through several mechanisms.
Analgesics can be effective after the pain localizes.
Analgesics can relieve the muscle pain .
Analgesics come in two major varieties.
Analgesics containing codeine in small doses are equally capable of causing severe constipation.
Analgesics ensure patient comfort, promote pulmonary toilet, and enable physical therapy regimens.
Analgesics ensure patient comfort, promote pulmonary toilet, and have sedating properties.
Analgesics ensure patient comfort, which is beneficial for patients who have painful lesions.
Analgesics have a lower therapeutic index than anesthetics.
Analgesics range from aspirin and acetaminophen to narcotics.
Analgesics relieve aches and pains and reduce fever.
Analgesics relieve minor aches, headaches, muscle pain, and post-immunization reactions.
Analgesics relieve muscle aches and pains and reduce fever.
Analgesics work by reducing the patient's ability to perceive pain.
All analgesics can damage kidneys if they are taken in large doses for a long time.
Many analgesics have sedating properties that are beneficial to patients who have sustained trauma.
Many analgesics have sedating properties that benefit patients in pain.
Many analgesics have sedating properties that benefit patients who have sustained injuries.
Some analgesics also reduce inflammation.
Analine dyes are much better coloring agents than normal wood stains.
Anallagmatic curve is any curve that has inversion that's itself.
All analog circuitry is inside one component for very high accuracy over a wide temperature range.
All analog compression is done at the computer.
Analog distortion is logarithmic, that means it starts out being tolerable and slowly gets worse.
Analog input is bi-polar.
Some analog instruments require an initial mechanical zero adjustment of the indicator needle.
Analog video loses resolution and clarity whenever it's copied.
An analog is similarity
Analogs abolish gonadotropin release by overriding the normal pattern of control.
Analogs are software.
Analogs come in a variety of shapes, sizes and applications.
Analogs require customer provided-modems on the terminating end of each circuit.
Analogs usually take the form of white powder.
Analogic messages are the relationship element.
Analogical connections are also a pervasive feature of visual media.
Analogous actions occur when left, mid-point, and random buttons are pressed.
Analogous behavior occurs for y motions and for shift-middle x and y mouse motions.
Analogous cases occur of plants in which the axis is lost.
Analogous characteristics are organs that have different structures, but have the same functions.
Analogous colors are adjacent to each other on the color wheel.
Analogous colors are colors with a color in common.
Analogous colors are three neighbors on the color wheel, like green, blue-green, and blue.
Analogous colors create limited spatial movement, while contrasting colors enlarge the space.
Analogous colors evoke a relaxing feeling.
Analogous colors have a very harmonious influence on a work of art.
Analogous colors sit next to each other on the color wheel and create visual harmony.
Analogous compactness is retained in more space dimensions.
Analogous compositions are harmonious because two of the colors contain the third.
Analogous considerations apply to alternative formats such as websites.
Analogous criteria are characteristic for other systems.
Analogous data is given for the last occurrence in the spring.
Analogous definitions hold for the other three quadrants with the corresponding sign changes.
Analogous differences can also arise between a U.S. major and a French or Italian industry member.
Analogous difficulties occur in biomedical ultrasound and electromagnetic imaging.
Analogous factors occur in organisms that completely lack histones and methylation.
Analogous findings emerge when the analysis focuses on the dollars distributed.
Analogous flames occur today.
Analogous formulas hold for more than two component distributions.
Analogous harmonies are groups of colors that are next to each other.
Analogous issues arise in other domains, such as cultural evolution.
Analogous laws govern the construction of the mouths and limbs of crustaceans.
Analogous lists occur in most of the package extension files.
Analogous measure is carried out in the herds of origine of the case.
Analogous organs are organs that have the same function.
Analogous organs are the organs having similar function but different structure and origin.
Analogous problems arise in designing networks of water pipes or heating ducts in buildings.
Analogous problems arise in the fine scales near boundaries and also in combustion phenomena.
Analogous problems exist in every single state.
Analogous problems pervade all remaining chapters.
Analogous programs are unknown.
Analogous provisions apply for registered auditors.
Analogous questions arise in the design of learning environments.
Analogous reactions occur with selenium and tellurium .
Analogous relationships focus on function while homologous relationships focus on origins.
Analogous results exist for other particular models.
Analogous results hold also in the non-unital case.
Analogous results hold for distributions.
Analogous results hold for heteroscedastic models.
Analogous results hold for standard axiomatizations of set theory, the real numbers, and so forth.
Analogous results hold starting from a given graph.
Analogous results hold starting from a given poset.
Analogous results hold starting from a given tree.
Analogous results produce an optimal differentiation basis for measure differentiation.
Analogous rules apply to row-major layouts.
Analogous rules apply when merging the declarations of two or more superclasses.
Analogous situations exist for retailers of other products.
Analogous species occur in other ecosystems.
Analogous statements are true about .
Analogous statements hold for asynchronous automatic structures.
Analogous structure appears in the visual and literary arts.
Analogous structures are structures that are similar in related organisms.
Analogous structures don t have a common evolutionary origin.
Analogous structures form in periglacial regions on Earth.
Analogous structures serve functions.
Analogous structures serve similar functions.
Most analogous structures serve functions.
Most analogous structures serve similar functions.
Analogous systems operate within the respective provinces for appointments to the provincial courts.
Analogous tactics are presumably possible whenever a model of anticipated distortion is available.
Analogous things can be compared to each other, so a near synonym is the adjective comparable.
Analogous things happen in higher dimensions.
Some analogous variation includes amino acid deletions.
Some analogous variation includes deletions.
An analogue is similarity
Analogue addicts proceed with caution.
Analogue can be high quality.
Analogue vario with tuneable audio.
Analogues are similarity.
Analogues are substances that act in a similar way to hormones.
Some analogues exist with other disorders.
Some analogues have no amino group at all, such as benzocaine.
Analogies allow only structural relations to be mapped from a base to a target.
Analogies allow students to think about complex and abstract subjects in simple or familiar terms.
Analogies also exist in the telecommunications field.
Analogies also hook into our metaphysical world- view.
Analogies are a convenient way to memorize and categorize events.
Analogies are a powerful tool in helping bridge the gap between the known and unknown.
Analogies are also important when presenting control and data structures of the new language.
Analogies are always bad.
Analogies are an effective tool of political analysis.
Analogies are an integral feature of scientific theories, like evolution.
Analogies are another type of model in science.
Analogies are educational therapy and psychotherapy.
Analogies are especially useful in explaining something that is difficult for an audience to grasp.
Analogies are fine, as long as they are clear and relevant.
Analogies are fun, and also great for marketing.
Analogies are good techniques for imparting concepts.
Analogies are incredibly powerful.
Analogies are laden on to analogies, developing into riots of hyper-meaning.
Analogies are never enough to explain purpose.
Analogies are never the same as the exact situation, but points can be made.
Analogies are powerful tools.
Analogies are powerful, persuasive rhetorical tools.
Analogies are simply that - analogies.
Analogies are the lifeblood of Internet predictions.
Analogies are the very lifeblood of effective communication of complex topics.
Analogies are tools for discovery.
Analogies are typical items on aptitude and achievement tests.
Analogies are useful for explaining something unfamiliar in familiar terms.
Analogies are useful, even though they are imperfect.
Analogies can always mislead, but there is enough there to be concerned about, and perhaps to fear.
Analogies can be helpful, if they accurately express the reality.
Analogies can be useful in learning and understanding a new topic.
Analogies can be valuable.
Analogies can help people understand the rates of loss.
Analogies challenge students to know the meanings of words and their relationships to other words.
Analogies decide nothing, that is true, but they can make one feel more at home.
Analogies exist in all our universities and in every sector of society dependent on public funding.
Analogies explain something unfamiliar by comparing it to something familiar.
Analogies help memory by coupling new information to familiar ideas.
Analogies help simplify the world.
Analogies look more toward comparing different contemporary species.
Analogies teach order in relationship comparisons.
Analogies tend to be biological, see the group as an integral organism.
Analogies tend to suggest that existing similarities imply even more similarities.
Analogies using familiar objects guide many interfaces.
Analogies work about as well as fur on a flounder.
Analogy also plays a clear role in language.
Analogy becomes an analysis mode of choice.
Analogy is a bag of marbles.
Analogy is a basic component of symbolism .
Analogy is a basic component of symbolism.
Analogy is a comparison between two things.
Analogy is a device for loose coupling.
Analogy is a general learning process by which abstract knowledge can arise from experience.
Analogy is a powerful tool for the creation of new science and also for learning.
Analogy is a relation between two cases of predication or attribution of a property.
Analogy is also particularly valuable.
Analogy is an incredibly powerful tool.
Analogy is common function without regards to origin.
Analogy is comparison.
Analogy is different than homology.
Analogy is essential for science, but is of course the quintessential literary device.
Analogy is essential to human knowing because knowledge develops from the known to the unknown.
Analogy is inference
Analogy is inference.
Analogy is notoriously unreliable.
Analogy is obvious. .
Analogy is particularly effective in college essays.
Analogy is the heuristic for creativity.
Analogy is the key.
Analogy is the mixing of basic computer colors vs. colors produced by mixing of of tinted paints.
Analogy is the weakest form of argument.
Analogy is to safe deposit box cases.
Analogy is used to exercise influence and to experiment with problems.
Analogy isa inference.
Analogy just looks like high level perception.
Analogy leads secretly to the heavenly figures.
Analogy leads to the hypothesis that social systems in arid lands are similarly fragile.
Analogy means drawing a conclusion by finding many points of similarity.
Analogy plays a powerful role in the expression of scientific theory.
Analogy produces skepticism.
Analogy requires only that there be sufficient similarity to justify comparison.
Analogy See homoplasy .
Analogy serves as an integration mechanism at the level of the formulation of hypotheses.
Analogy often serves as a valid teaching aid.
All Analogies Break Down Somewhere.
More Analogies Complete each analogy by writing the best word in the blank.
Some analogies are more obvious than others, and further examples are possible.
Some analogy has expression.
Some analogy has quantitative expression.
Some analogy has specific expression.
Some analogy involves transactions.
An analyser is an instrument
Analysers are available which allow comparisons between pages.
Analyses community needs.
Analysis of algorithms is included.
Analysis of algorithms is introduced.
Analysis of algorithms See also the lists of terms given below for the previous three weeks.
Analysis of covariance combines some of the features of both regression and analysis of variance.
Analysis of covariance is a combination of regression analysis with an analysis of variance.
Analysis of variance is a multivariate analysis
Analysis of variance is a technique used to compare more than two means.
Analysis of Variance is approached as a special case of multiple regression.
Analysis of variance is developed for single factor and multifactor experiments.
Analysis of Variance is excellent for analysing partially balanced designed experiments.
Analysis of variance is used to interpret experimental results.
Analysis of variance is used to test the hypothesis that several means are equal.
Analysis of variance suggests a gender effect in accuracy of rating.
Analysises of variance is multivariate analysises.
Analysis paralysis is a condition that has been eliminated in their world.
Analysis paralysis is a most damaging disease.
Analysis paralysis is different.
Analysis phases involve gather requirements.
Analysis phases involve requirements.
An analysis is an investigation
Analyses abound in Washington about which major programs are most deserving of termination.
Analyses aims to present a well-reasoned argument in support of government action.
Analyses allow identification.
Analyses are actual unknowns to be determined under analytical conditions.
Analyses are at the provider level.
Analyses are both descriptive and inferential.
Analyses are complicated.
Analyses are conducted separately for education and church attendance.
Analyses are currently in progress.
Analyses are due at the beginning of each new section.
Analyses are due on the first day of the section.
Analyses are for the year after enrollment.
Analyses are free to all Mississippi producers.
Analyses are generally eight pages in length.
Analyses are in the areas of protein structure and function.
Analyses are largely applicable to both versions so they'll be added as they're integrated.
Analyses are limited to marketplace issues on businesses.
Analyses are more and more sophisticated and constantly offer a decrease in the limit of detection.
Analyses are of the total group, by year in school, by gender, and by gender and year.
Analyses are on a dry-wt basis.
Analyses are ongoing.
Analyses are prepared and distributed for specific purposes, as requested.
Analyses are still in progress.
Analyses are to be done on the computer, and to be no more than one typewritten page in length.
Analyses are under way.
Analyses are underway including comparison with environmental data.
Analyses are underway to determine bird-vegetation relations at all sites.
Analyses assess whether community care management affected health care use.
Analyses base on observations.
Analyses based on nucleotide partitions alone support two separate origins of dimorphism.
Analyses can also screen for some element deficiencies.
Analyses can be as simple as a tabular report or as complex as a well-formatted graph.
Analyses can be quite simple or very complex.
Analyses can be worldwide or based solely on the U.S., Europe, Asia Pacific, or Latin America.
Analyses come in different sizes and shapes and have different purposes.
Analyses compare numbers.
Analyses compare the control to each treatment within the same row.
Analyses conducted on influent wastewater samples often involve different filtration techniques.
Analyses confirm abnormalities.
Analyses confirm discoveries.
Analyses confirm observations.
Analyses confirm results.
Analyses consider evidence.
Analyses consider issues.
Analyses consist of observations.
Analyses covering the first two years are currently available.
Analyses demonstrate conditions.
Analyses demonstrate differences.
Analyses demonstrate differentiations.
Analyses demonstrate effects.
Analyses demonstrate existence.
Analyses demonstrate soil conditions.
Analyses demonstrate unique soil conditions.
Analyses detect infection.
Analyses determine likelihood.
Analyses emphasize importance.
Analyses enable identification.
Analyses examine causes.
Analyses examine differentiations.
Analyses find evidence.
Analyses focus on both the quantity and quality of human resources, their causes and consequences.
Analyses focus on the preparatory components of both lower and upper limb motion.
Analyses focus on victims and beneficiaries of both problem conditions and alternative solutions.
Analyses generate results.
Analyses give information.
Analyses give mix results.
Analyses give results.
Analyses give similar results.
Analyses give useful information.
Analyses have limitations.
Analyses have methods.
Analyses have positions.
Analyses have traditional methods.
Analyses help issues.
Analyses help researchers.
Analyses help scientists.
Analyses here point to how ideas become embedded in institutions, organizations, or discourse.
Analyses include calculations.
Analyses include details.
Analyses include effects.
Analyses include evidence.
Analyses include income statements.
Analyses include random effects.
Analyses include seeds.
Analyses include statements.
Analyses include sufficient details.
Analyses include tests.
Analyses includes shipments, revenue and leading vendors.
Analyses incorporate environmental factors, secondary information and client proprietary research.
Analyses incorporate global and local political, economic and industry factors.
Analyses indicate activities.
Analyses indicate ages.
Analyses indicate body weight conditions.
Analyses indicate components.
Analyses indicate conditions.
Analyses indicate differentiations.
Analyses indicate experience.
Analyses indicate follow components.
Analyses indicate high levels of cyanides, lead, chromium, and zinc.
Analyses indicate homology.
Analyses indicate ice ages.
Analyses indicate incidents.
Analyses indicate last ice ages.
Analyses indicate occurrences.
Analyses indicate patterns.
Analyses indicate permafrost regions.
Analyses indicate reductions.
Analyses indicate regions.
Analyses indicate responses.
Analyses indicate results.
Analyses indicate that children from a family of cyclical welfare use fare worse.
Analyses indicate that environmental biota are unlikely to be at risk even under such conditions.
Analyses indicate trends.
Analyses indicate variation.
Analyses involve different methods.
Analyses involve equations.
Analyses involve heat transfer equations.
Analyses involve methods.
Analyses involve requirements.
Analyses involve several different methods.
Analyses involve several methods.
Analyses is also very quick and can be done on the turn row before moving to the next field.
Analyses lead to actions.
Analyses lead to conclusions.
Analyses lead to discoveries.
Analyses lead to examinations.
Analyses lead to follow conclusions.
Analyses lead to identification.
Analyses lead to important conclusions.
Analyses lead to interpretations.
Analyses lead to legal actions.
Analyses lead to other important conclusions.
Analyses lead to regulations.
Analyses look at patterns.
Analyses offer options.
Analyses pinpoint hazards in the area.
Analyses produce results.
Analyses produce similar results.
Analyses provide assessments.
Analyses provide crucial information.
Analyses provide descriptions.
Analyses provide evidence.
Analyses provide important information.
Analyses provide information.
Analyses provide knowledge.
Analyses provide more information.
Analyses provide presence.
Analyses provide responses.
Analyses provide results.
Analyses refer to pairwise comparisons between the ondansetron treatment groups and placebo.
Analyses reflect complex genetics.
Analyses reflect genetics.
Analyses require equations.
Analyses require examinations.
Analyses require guidelines.
Analyses require identification.
Analyses require interpretations.
Analyses require samples.
Analyses require use.
Analyses result in identification.
Analyses reveal accumulation.
Analyses reveal active compounds.
Analyses reveal alteration.
Analyses reveal approaches.
Analyses reveal barriers.
Analyses reveal classifications.
Analyses reveal compounds.
Analyses reveal concentration.
Analyses reveal confidence.
Analyses reveal cost.
Analyses reveal deficiencies.
Analyses reveal differences.
Analyses reveal drive forces.
Analyses reveal events.
Analyses reveal evidence.
Analyses reveal exposure.
Analyses reveal features.
Analyses reveal forces.
Analyses reveal growth.
Analyses reveal information.
Analyses reveal levels.
Analyses reveal mass.
Analyses reveal microbial growth.
Analyses reveal molecular classifications.
Analyses reveal motion.
Analyses reveal movement.
Analyses reveal odor compounds.
Analyses reveal patterns.
Analyses reveal presence.
Analyses reveal reductions.
Analyses reveal responses.
Analyses reveal rules.
Analyses reveal significant differences.
Analyses reveal similar patterns.
Analyses reveal slight tendencies.
Analyses reveal soft approaches.
Analyses reveal sources.
Analyses reveal speciation.
Analyses reveal tendencies.
Analyses reveal that the costs of comparable implant systems can vary substantially.
Analyses reveal ticket price cost.
Analyses reveal treatments.
Analyses reveal variation.
Analyses reveal volatile compounds.
Analyses shed light.
Analyses show breakdowns.
Analyses show characteristics.
Analyses show chemical composition values.
Analyses show concentration.
Analyses show conditions.
Analyses show consumption.
Analyses show copies.
Analyses show development.
Analyses show differences.
Analyses show differentiations.
Analyses show dilutions.
Analyses show effects.
Analyses show elevate proteins.
Analyses show embryonic chick development.
Analyses show embryonic development.
Analyses show environmental conditions.
Analyses show excretion.
Analyses show genetic differences.
Analyses show genetic differentiations.
Analyses show growth.
Analyses show heterogeneity.
Analyses show high values.
Analyses show it to be devoid of any nickle minerals.
Analyses show kinds.
Analyses show major differences.
Analyses show major genetic differences.
Analyses show malaria outbreaks outside tropical regions becoming more common in the future.
Analyses show markers.
Analyses show milk proteins.
Analyses show poor conditions.
Analyses show poor environmental conditions.
Analyses show proteins.
Analyses show significant differences.
Analyses show significant effects.
Analyses show statistical differences.
Analyses show strikes.
Analyses show that it's lower in fat than white meat tuna packed in water.
Analyses show that nitrogen content is greater in live than drift kelp.
Analyses show that the debonds are consistent with the low normal strength of the interface.
Analyses show the trees do the job for about half what other secondary treatment processes cost.
Analyses show values.
Analyses show variation.
Analyses solve mysteries.
Analyses solve problems.
Analyses substantially complicates optimizer implementation.
Analyses suggest fruit loss.
Analyses suggest that African taxa are basal in Begonia .
Analyses suggest the usefulness of keeping biomedical indicators in the equation.
Analyses suggest variability.
Analyses support ideas.
Analyses support theories.
Analyses support values.
Analyses take places.
Analyses use approaches.
Analyses use different methods.
Analyses use life cycle assessment approaches.
Analyses use methods.
Analyses use procedures.
Analyses use scientific methods.
Analyses use software.
Analyses use tests.
Analyses use versions.
Analyses using a subset of the data and the full data are available.
Analyses using duplication strains suggest the resistance gene product is a target of cyromazine.
Analyses using molecular phylogenetics support a monophyletic origin of the Fungi.
Analyses yield information.
Analyses yield results.
Analyses yield surprise results.
Analysis abounds, as usual.
Analysis addresses threats to validity of findings.
Analysis aids refers to tools that make the data more readable and easier to understand.
Analysis allows diagnosis of operating problems.
Analysis also can identify the source of diseases in livestock, poultry and plants.
Analysis also involves approximating functions by sequences and series of other functions.
Analysis also shows that a great deal of downloading of large files is taking place.
Analysis applies the concepts and methods of the calculus to various mathematical entities.
Analysis applies to scenes in which all objects are well-shaped.
Analysis are editorial additions.
Analysis are papers or presentations from the video tape.
Analysis are the only required course sequences.
Analysis articulates how films make sense, and what sense they make.
Analysis Ask a language associate or teacher about distinctions and note the differences.
Analysis assumes no changes in entitlement programs.
Analysis attempts to harmonize different elements of physics for maximum effectiveness.
Analysis based on misleading assumptions and dubious facts serve no purpose.
Analysis based on the modification is performed.
Analysis based on the sample is publicly available.
Analysis becomes a matter of selecting from and working out analytic themes that already exist.
Analysis becomes more ad hoc and ephemeral.
Analysis becomes more complicated with undertainty conviction, costly punishment and apprehension.
Analysis begins at the layer table that is at the lowest level in the schema.
Analysis begins with a touch of a button once all entries are made.
Analysis begins with considering the original intent of the study.
Analysis begins with time varying video images.
Analysis believes that many elements are essential for a healthy society.
Analysis belongs to study.
Analysis breaks things down so they can fit more easily into boxes.
Analysis can also reveal weaknesses in a software product.
Analysis can associate a hair to a person based on microscopic characteristics in the hair.
Analysis can be a resource-intensive process.
Analysis can be helpful too.
Analysis can be international, national or organization specific.
Analysis can be labor intensive, with responses being coded and conclusions being drawn.
Analysis can become the result of trying to answer a question or solve a problem.
Analysis can create new perspectives, seeing a situation through other value systems.
Analysis can detect neural tube defects and genetic disorders.
Analysis can determine the effect of different heat sinks and help to determine the best design.
Analysis can determine the type and percentage of asbestos in material samples, as well as in soil.
Analysis can include calculation of predicted fatigue lives following experimental determinations.
Analysis can now include the knees and ankles.
Analysis can now operate at the same cycle speed as design development.
Analysis can provide valuable insights in qualifying and quantifying the problem.
Analysis can resolve all structure to the empty set but that is an ultimate explanation of nothing.
Analysis can result in lighter parts and less expensive materials.
Analysis can reveal trends and patterns and can be used to improve vital business processes.
Analysis can support companies in providing the best possible service.
Analysis can then look at how different land classes have increased or decreased over time.
Analysis can then raise questions about the information that decision makers have at their disposal.
Analysis can yield results.
Analysis capabilities to satisfy a broad range of surface measurement applications.
Analysis captures static snapshots of a living process.
Analysis causes paralysis.
Analysis Clearly describe methods used for each analysis.
Analysis combines understanding of the structural form as well as the content.
Analysis comes from a Greek word meaning to undo.
Analysis comes in many different flavors.
Analysis confirms claims of dietary value of soil.
Analysis Consider a system composed of a population of replicating machines.
Analysis consists of a mixture of exact probabilistic and combinatorial methods and simulation.
Analysis consists of computer modeling of the structure, which simulates the annual energy use.
Analysis consists of questions like, who, what, where, why and when.
Analysis continues for modelling the details of the transmission curves.
Analysis continues on available data.
Analysis conveys evidence of a personal response to the issues raised in the text.
Analysis costs money and takes time.
Analysis covers a company's financial background, recent financial developments and prospects.
Analysis covers generating fractals, some discussion of probability, and a computer program.
Analysis covers rent, fit-up, and infrastructure costs.
Analysis covers story execution, characterization, dialogue and concept.
Analysis covers the market for the United States, and projections are in terms of constant dollars.
Analysis covers the PC desktop, notebook, and PC Server market segments.
Analysis covers voice leading, part writing, and chord progression.
Analysis creates paralysis.
Analysis deals with questions concerning the infinite and the infinitesimal.
Analysis depends on the domain of what is to be performed.
Analysis Determine an average hardness number of each test specimen.
Analysis Determine the artistic style by describing how the work is organized.
Analysis Determine the average number of bills passed by each chamber in each decade.
Analysis Determine the goals for the website from the perspective of the user and the business.
Analysis discovers the originating cause, that is producing the effect.
Analysis Do kinship analysis.
Analysis Do semantic analysis to learn the correct context and social setting of vocabulary items.
Analysis Draw a free body diagram showing all of the forces acting on the mass.
Analysis draws on disciplines of economics, political science, history, and law.
Analysis draws out learning through the systematic examination of the group's common experience.
Analysis Drives Down Costs.
Analysis employs vector algebra and vector calculus in orthogonal coordinates.
Analysis ensures the plan stays within regulator-approved bounds.
Analysis Enter a stock ticker or the first few characters of a fund name.
Analysis Examine the pendulum.
Analysis examines the information flows in a production environment.
Analysis excludes teachers, police and fire service staff.
Analysis Explain how the author uses color images to . . .
Analysis Explain how the data presented in the graph shows which is the best insulating material.
Analysis explains some or most connections between weather patterns and geography.
Analysis explains the connections between weather patterns and geography.
Analysis extends through the second and third years of funding.
Analysis features sine and logistic regressions.
Analysis focuses on determining user needs and corresponding required system functionality.
Analysis focuses on political factors and addresses reasons for the collapse of each government.
Analysis focuses on significant figures in U.S. diplomacy and foreign policy.
Analysis focuses on social class and ideology.
Analysis focuses on the trade-offs among compression ratio, image fidelity, and image depth.
Analysis focuses primarily on the accrual results but is provided both on an accrual and cash basis.
Analysis Follow the sequence of steps outlined below.
Analysis follows a sociocultural approach to film theory and criticism.
Analysis follows certain statutes.
Analysis follows for both deductive and inductive arguments.
Analysis follows through from research, resources, rationale.
Analysis further determines whether expansion serves the region.
Analysis generally reduces the amount of data, sometimes down to a single figure.
Analysis generates much needed systematic thinking.
Analysis given is for a lab.
Analysis gives rise to balancing.
Analysis gives substance to the shadows.
Analysis goes quickly when the download finishes.
Analysis goes too far.
Analysis has a massive Web-based report generation and management facility.
Analysis Hold on.
Analysis identifies few major weather patterns.
Analysis identifies major weather patterns, based on data.
Analysis includes a complete testing for macroelements and microelements.
Analysis includes accounting, industry research, projections, and sensitivity analysis.
Analysis includes advice and character appraisals that occasionally border on blunt.
Analysis includes algorithm time and space complexity.
Analysis includes all of the implementation.
Analysis includes as well the ability to compose.
Analysis includes blood, hair, and symptom survey.
Analysis includes both contextual analysis and user requirements specification.
Analysis includes both graphical and mathematical models.
Analysis includes both industrial and final consumer direct marketing.
Analysis includes budgetary planning, cost analysis, internal control and case studies.
Analysis includes checking code for proper keywords, description, title, and image alternates.
Analysis includes combos, uses, and strategies.
Analysis includes convergence and stability properties of the algorithms.
Analysis includes criminal justice systems of England, France, Sweden, Japan and the Soviet Union.
Analysis includes documentary and ethnodocumentary films.
Analysis includes emerging applications, such as drug delivery systems and cosmetics.
Analysis includes evaluation of the quality of the research and the strength of the evidence.
Analysis includes finding peaks, displaying evolution ring-wide and for a single channel.
Analysis includes frequency tabulations, crosstabs, and analysis of variance.
Analysis includes fuelwood and other renewable sources of energy.
Analysis includes issues of gender as it related to nationalism, religion and culture.
Analysis includes juxtaposition, shale smear, cataclasis factors and overall fault seal potential.
Analysis includes multi-year forecasts and evaluation of key players and industry trends.
Analysis includes prospects, trends, problems, statistics, tables and charts, and comparisons.
Analysis includes purity determination, assays, and trace level determinations.
Analysis includes rhabdomyosarcoma and synovial sarcoma samples.
Analysis includes spatial interpolation with alternative algorithms.
Analysis includes structural analysis and derivative calculation.
Analysis includes supply, demand, site evaluation, and projected operating statistics.
Analysis includes technical and economic specifications and performance.
Analysis includes the athlete, coach, owner, general manager, and spectators.
Analysis includes tools and techniques learned in the business curricula.
Analysis includes use of phase contrast microscope and microbial identification.
Analysis includes vehicle speed, path and sequence of events.
Analysis includes web yielding and crippling with minimum bearing area in lieu of web stiffeners.
Analysis indicate water deficiency.
Analysis indicates fears that rubella vaccine causes joint, nerve trouble are unfounded.
Analysis indicates N deficiency.
Analysis indicates P is low.
Analysis indicates possible sulfur deficiency.
Analysis indicates that being reflective is best thought of as a moral virtue.
Analysis indicates that many drums contain hazardous substances.
Analysis indicates that the service area most affected by the charge cap is perinatal care.
Analysis indicates the potential for poor decisions when the agents communicate infrequently.
Analysis Inject the individual standards to unambiguously identify the peaks.
Analysis involves a variety of techniques to make conclusions or inferences.
Analysis involves electrophysiological, pharmacological and molecular genetic techniques.
Analysis involves evaluating a design.
Analysis involves exploring and evaluating the various authors positions.
Analysis involves figuring out what the application domain is like, mapping the territory.
Analysis involves gathering information from any and all sources and analyzing it.
Analysis involves going beyond manipulating numbers.
Analysis involves learning about the behaviors and environment to be changed.
Analysis involves statistical interpretation of data.
Analysis involves the creation of mathematical models of physical objects or systems.
Analysis involves the detection of the relationships of the parts and of the way they are organized.
Analysis involves trying to understand organisations as an aggregation of parts.
Analysis involves using capillary gel electrophoresis to separate metabolites for detection.
Analysis involves, amongst other things, investigating why something is happening.
Analysis is a core area of mathematics and the subject of a vast amount of current research.
Analysis is a crucial component of rhetoric as civic engagement.
Analysis is a fully redundant interactive system.
Analysis is a fundamental cognitive process because it is the search for difference.
Analysis is a generative component of sound decision-making.
Analysis is a key source of management productivity.
Analysis is a learning process.
Analysis is a particular form of investigation.
Analysis is a print journal with an email supplement.
Analysis is a process of investigating something by breaking it into parts for closer examination.
Analysis is a user domain activity, based on requirements described in use cases.
Analysis is a vital and necessary part of a good essay.
Analysis is a way to increase mutual understanding.
Analysis is about figuring out what the problem is.
Analysis is absent or shallow.
Analysis is accomplished through computer lab assignments.
Analysis is aided by focus on the limiting nutrient .
Analysis is also available on regional, state, crop district, or county level.
Analysis is also much faster.
Analysis is always cheaper than more experiments.
Analysis is always easier if the data have been collected scientifically.
Analysis is an attempt to reach a level at which extensional bargains can be struck.
Analysis is an essential underpinning of good governance.
Analysis is an important part of baseball.
Analysis is an important step in the design process.
Analysis is an intimate partnership.
Analysis is applied to axially-loaded members, circular shafts, beams and columns.
Analysis is applied to circular shafts, beams, columns and pressure vessels.
Analysis is applied to circular shafts, beams, columns, and pressure vessels.
Analysis is applied to domestic and international issues.
Analysis is applied to domestic and international macroeconomic issues.
Analysis is appropriate for type of data to be collected.
Analysis is assisted by extensive comparative collections.
Analysis is assumed to be as a percent.
Analysis is at the level of the pupil, subject department and school.
Analysis is available on demand in real-time.
Analysis is based on a stochastic model structure.
Analysis is based on both 'wet' chemistry, and instrumental methods of analysis.
Analysis is based on dated market information and is subject to change.
Analysis is based on documentation from browser vendors when available.
Analysis is based on documentation from browser vendors, when available.
Analysis is based on how actual page authors index and organize links on their pages.
Analysis is based on past performance and is no guarantee of future results.
Analysis is based on regional wall motion abnormalities.
Analysis is based on style, construction methods, and detailing.
Analysis is based on survey results to date.
Analysis is based only on normal beats.
Analysis is basic or general.
Analysis is broken down by author and subject-line.
Analysis is broken down into three sequential stages.
Analysis is broken into offices, mechanical and clean room areas.
Analysis is but the thoughtful consideration of a poem.
Analysis is by gas chromatography using a chemiluminescence detector.
Analysis is by gas chromatography with chemiluminescence detection.
Analysis is by high performance liquid chromatography using an ultraviolet detector.
Analysis is by liquid chromatography.
Analysis is by selective-ion electrode.
Analysis is carried out in three models.
Analysis is carried out statistically using univariate and multivariate techniques.
Analysis is centered on Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Mexico as pro-typical for the region.
Analysis is central to our work.
Analysis is coherent, concise and demonstrates a full understanding of the simulation and results.
Analysis is complemented with computational experiments that are designed to bolster intuition.
Analysis is complicated, however, by the strong solar perturbation.
Analysis is concerned with the formulation and solving of physical and electrical models.
Analysis is concerned with why.
Analysis is conditioned by the control flags below.
Analysis is conditioned by the flags below.
Analysis is conducted in simple process never before possible.
Analysis is conducted in two steps.
Analysis is conducted on both a micro and macro level with a great deal of product diversification.
Analysis is conducted with simulated subjects drawn from the virtual population.
Analysis is considerably more extensive.
Analysis is convenient since it can be completed using the same sample taken for component analysis.
Analysis is currently underway.
Analysis is customized for each client, and includes both qualitative and quantitative components.
Analysis is determined through pH determinations.
Analysis is devoted to television, radio, music, magazine, newspaper, and film.
Analysis is digitization.
Analysis is directed to active tax practitioners, using examples and workable planning strategies.
Analysis is displayed on a polar diagram, which is simpler and more clinically intuitive.
Analysis is done by constructing a data flow diagram.
Analysis is done by gas chromatography with an electron capture detector.
Analysis is done by the resident and then reviewed by the faculty.
Analysis is done in real time, enabling traders to take advantage of sudden shifts in the market.
Analysis is done on a semester year basis to avoid overestimating costs.
Analysis is done on such things as blocked calls, audio quality, and dropped calls.
Analysis is done on the fly keeping things quick and responive for the user.
Analysis is done online using the web-based analysis tools.
Analysis is done via a complex systems model.
Analysis is effective, if quality and reliability of the knowledge extraction is ensured.
Analysis is efficient computational algorithms and search techniques.
Analysis is expensive.
Analysis is focused on controversial behavioral strategies of managers and other new owners.
Analysis is focused on creating system requirements.
Analysis is followed by the development of a variety of possible marketing strategies.
Analysis is free.
Analysis is geared towards understanding the risks inherent in our stock selection decisions.
Analysis is given for three example systems.
Analysis is gravimetric for all fractions.
Analysis is hard and good analysts are rare.
Analysis is hard, exacting work.
Analysis is in fact the crux of ethnography and is what separates it from field work.
Analysis is in progress and first results have been presented.
Analysis is in progress on the other phases of the study.
Analysis is in progress.
Analysis is inadequate with significant misconceptions and absence of key ideas.
Analysis is included to explain the context and contents of the orders.
Analysis is in-depth.
Analysis is informed by theoretically and empirically sound learning principles.
Analysis is intended for the formulation and communication of domain descriptions.
Analysis is interpretive and analyses the trends during the study period.
Analysis is involved and the know-how is critical for maximizing profitability.
Analysis is involved in testing the final products.
Analysis is less complicated.
Analysis is likely to be of an exploratory nature as there are so many potential questions.
Analysis is limited to ideal gases.
Analysis is limited to routine problem solving.
Analysis is linked to specific international events and issues.
Analysis is made of secondary instruction, classroom management, and trends in secondary education.
Analysis is made of the most effective management theories and practices.
Analysis is made using chemical, physical, and engineering principles.
Analysis is made with large amounts of data on various aspects of changing attitudes and awareness.
Analysis is meant to proceed in the given order.
Analysis is more than comprehension.
Analysis is more than descriptive statistics.
Analysis is more than knowledge.
Analysis is more than seeing the big picture, or seeing how the pieces fit the big picture.
Analysis is necessary to determine if real cost risk has been transferred to a subcontractor.
Analysis is needed to assign value to written materials.
Analysis is neither design nor implementation.
Analysis is never in any sense a substitute for the poem.
Analysis is no better or worse than the method and agenda.
Analysis is now in the hands of consultants, with reports soon anticipated.
Analysis is obviously important but action is what is ultimately required.
Analysis is often multiple-pass, where the results from one program are fed into another.
Analysis is on going.
Analysis is one of the important features of all western modern science and technology.
Analysis is one of the large divisions of modern mathematics.
Analysis is one of the most difficult tasks to master.
Analysis is one thing.
Analysis is on-going.
Analysis is ongoing.
Analysis is optional.
Analysis is pending display of the data.
Analysis is pending receipt of the science tape recorder dump.
Analysis is pending receipt of transcriptions of interviews.
Analysis is performed as described in the series concept above.
Analysis is performed by a state-certified outside contract laboratory.
Analysis is performed by flow cytometer or fluorescent microscope.
Analysis is performed by flow cytometry.
Analysis is performed by most soil labs.
Analysis is performed for total Selenium.
Analysis is performed in a controlled environment to minimize or eliminate contamination.
Analysis is performed in two cost models.
Analysis is performed on all electronic, electro-mechanical and electromagnetic components.
Analysis is performed through regular scheduled samplings at several chosen sites.
Analysis is performed to determine bond state and skin thickness.
Analysis is performed twice per week on monday and thursday.
Analysis is performed using a microplate reading luminometer.
Analysis is performed using a sulfide precipitation scheme.
Analysis is performed using the decision makers perspective on problems.
Analysis is possible for a given mass flow, pressure ratio, or power.
Analysis is possible using an integrated computer acquisition and data analysis approach.
Analysis is power.
Analysis is practiced completely free of evaluation.
Analysis is practised completely free of evaluation.
Analysis is presented for the equations of acoustics, electromagnetics, and elastodynamics.
Analysis is primarily from the debt investor's perspective.
Analysis is probably the type of critical approach most frequently used today.
Analysis is proposed for gravitational waves detectors.
Analysis is proven with abstract interpretation.
Analysis is provided at both the statewide and county level .
Analysis is provided by site database capacity and level of data protection.
Analysis is provided for the hospital overall and for individual nursing units.
Analysis is provided in terms of company size and sector.
Analysis is provided to determine the success or otherwise of a marketing campaign.
Analysis is provided to evaluate the performance of the technique to varying system parameters.
Analysis is provided to explain and document changes in expenditures between fiscal years.
Analysis is quite another.
Analysis is recommended to identify by-account products and services sales.
Analysis is relative to a purpose.
Analysis is required and type identified.
Analysis is restricted to fertile first marriages with at least one child.
Analysis is still at an early stage and results remain tentative, but certain trends are apparent.
Analysis is straightforward and usually supported with statistics or graphical presentation.
Analysis is strong throughout the essay and is rich in contextualization.
Analysis is structured and guided by faculty, using practice problems and clinical situations.
Analysis is subject to similar foibles.
Analysis is superfluous in either form.
Analysis is synonymous with thinking in the traditions of Western cultures.
Analysis is that part of mathematics concerned with functions and graphs.
Analysis is the ability to use a learned skill in a new situation.
Analysis is the arming of the brain.
Analysis is the branch of mathematics that grew out of trying to understand why calculus works.
Analysis is the critical prerequisite of sound business decision making.
Analysis is the essence of archival appraisal.
Analysis is the first fundamental tool of directing.
Analysis is the fourth-generation of the industry's leading Web analysis software solution.
Analysis is the key.
Analysis is the main factor.
Analysis is the most important factor in our consideration of the casenote.
Analysis is the most thorough.
Analysis is the next level.
Analysis is the only really objective way to know.
Analysis is the process of breaking things down.
Analysis is the process of logical reasoning.
Analysis is the same as for predictive samples, except that soluble salt levels are also measured.
Analysis is the study of limits .
Analysis is the study of limits.
Analysis is the systematic reflection in which teachers engage.
Analysis is the underpinning of new thinking and wise choices.
Analysis is the warfare of learning.
Analysis is then possible by making choices from a number of related land characteristics.
Analysis is to decompose, to take apart or to resolve into constituent parts.
Analysis is too anal to insist poetry and encysts meaning into a mean and splendored thing.
Analysis is too masculine.
Analysis is under way to determine if there are any impacts to operations.
Analysis is under way.
Analysis is undertaken of blackspots and to identify the road user groups most at risk.
Analysis is underway of the affects of statistical and systematic errors on the results.
Analysis is underway to determine if three are any impacts to operations.
Analysis is underway to verify that both systems observed the same meteors.
Analysis is underway.
Analysis is underwritten by faith in, and exhortation to, the future.
Analysis is used in balance with other tools that help promote thought.
Analysis is used to determine meat contents and can lead to estimation of added water.
Analysis is used to help the organisation design better systems and make better decisions.
Analysis is useful because similar structures correspond to similar experiences.
Analysis is usually also a longer-term form of therapy.
Analysis is valuable, certainly.
Analysis is valuable.
Analysis is vital to our work.
Analysis is well-organized but incomplete.
Analysis isa activity.
Analysis kills spontaneity.
Analysis Knowing how students develop is an important aspect of student learning.
Analysis lacks clarity in places.
Analysis lacks depth.
Analysis leads to action designed to ensure successful implementation.
Analysis leads to new probability and statistics problems and an amazing match of theory to data.
Analysis Let's discuss our responsibilities for designing appropriate security systems.
Analysis Let's do an analysis of alpha-beta search to see why it's such a useful idea.
Analysis links Pacific decadal variability to drought and streamflow in United States.
Analysis Look at the pronoun system and conjunctions in the language.
Analysis looks at 'what is there' already.
Analysis looks carefully at the results obtained in calculus and related areas.
Analysis Make a list of all the clues in a mystery.
Analysis makes appearances, but storytelling is primary.
Analysis makes it possible to compare two or more solution approaches to the same problem.
Analysis makes managers successful.
Analysis Managing variable workflow is vital to productivity.
Analysis means more than mere summary, description, and simple statement of opinion.
Analysis means to break down and study the parts.
Analysis needs and program capabilities.
Analysis needs to be at least a paragraph in length.
Analysis Note the group of southern states in yellow.
Analysis offers some things that no other analyzer does.
Analysis ought to free, never hinder, the imagination.
Analysis outweighs description.
Analysis pervades all of the other communities.
Analysis predicts an incidence of glaucoma statistically less then that reported in adults.
Analysis prepares students for placement exams at college.
Analysis presupposes complete isolation.
Analysis produces a source language dependent representation of input text.
Analysis promotes cost savings by identifying the highest-performing vendors and materials.
Analysis provides a context from which to interpret ocean-color modeling and analysis efforts.
Analysis Provides dream analysis information.
Analysis provides information about each type of data, such as artifacts, ecofacts, etc.
Analysis provides specific weak or strong performances with recommended changes or improvements.
Analysis provides that roadmap.
Analysis Provides tools and concepts for quantitative analysis of trade and other economic issues.
Analysis raises new concerns over hazards of diet drugs.
Analysis ranks problems and potential improvements by their impact on customer satisfaction.
Analysis reaches to procedure and diagnosis level.
Analysis refers to a written analysis of the evidence.
Analysis refers to the ability to break down a concept into parts.
Analysis refers to the degree to which the knowledge is analytically or holistically represented.
Analysis refers to the mathematical theory of functions.
Analysis refers to the task of understanding the business problem at hand.
Analysis relies on multiple sources of information.
Analysis remains largely a specialist's pursuit.
Analysis report on speculation rate based on accurate statistical figures.
Analysis report Quick totals - any period, all or any aircraft types.
Analysis reporting of vendor data improves negotiations.
Analysis reports and inquiries quickly give the information needed to make decisions.
Analysis Reports as double sided booklets.
Analysis reports available in seconds.
Analysis reports per debtor or per ledger account.
Analysis requires an understanding of both the content and the structural form of the material.
Analysis requires comparative study of at least two languages other than modern standard English.
Analysis results The viewing and interpretation of analysis results can be a time consuming process.
Analysis results then become basis for future development of that machine.
Analysis reveals more plausible explanations.
Analysis reveals substantive disagreements rooted in value judgments.
Analysis reveals the effects of cognitive issues on decision-making and perception.
Analysis Review the duty and steps in performance.
Analysis See Psychoanalysis.
Analysis seeks reasons.
Analysis server once a day.
Analysis show that the most important factor in the behaviour of foams is the density.
Analysis show weight of basis grows till rest is negligible.
Analysis shows a design flaw caused cracks in the tires.
Analysis shows a strong upward trend in visitation.
Analysis shows a very low risk of future shortage.
Analysis shows an understanding of the issues and defends position with a few examples.
Analysis shows correlation between smoking cigarettes and marijuana in adolescents.
Analysis shows first of all positive correlation between freedom and happiness.
Analysis shows high concentrations of calcium in addition to iron, phosphorus and oxygen.
Analysis shows high concentrations of vitamin A, C and iodine.
Analysis shows it is an iron-bearing turquoise.
Analysis shows kids quickest at picking up and interpreting sounds grow up to be the best readers.
Analysis shows large chromosome segments conserved among species.
Analysis shows only traces of beta-glucosidase in animal tissues.
Analysis shows strong periodic autocorrelation.
Analysis shows that a variety of factors can be involved in situations of discomfort.
Analysis shows that action can be taken to reduce the uncertainty.
Analysis shows that growth of the filament, despite fluid drag, produces a buckling instability.
Analysis shows that people who cohabited or who divorced keep money separate more often.
Analysis shows that soil-water makes the largest contribution to the water balance.
Analysis shows that the assumptions behind the policy are incorrect.
Analysis shows that the result was never in doubt.
Analysis shows that which means something, somewhere, is leaking.
Analysis shows the present system is well above the median in what gets paid out in benefits.
Analysis shows the sounds produced are organised into long sequences.
Analysis shows there are many options.
Analysis shows various statistics like server activity and number of pages viewed per session.
Analysis simply seeks to present the argument accurately.
Analysis starts with a computer file of a gel electrophoresis image.
Analysis starts with images of rock fragments.
Analysis starts with the most frequent tasks.
Analysis starts with the random dst model.
Analysis subsystem to estimate the production time and perform the trade-off analyses.
Analysis Suggest a link for the net.
Analysis suggests that both factors are at work.
Analysis suggests that child pornography stands in a position by itself.
Analysis suggests that the poverty level is grossly inadequate as it stands now.
Analysis suggests that the prospects of success are remote.
Analysis suggests that, as a direct selling tool, the system works.
Analysis Take the guess work out of planning staff development.
Analysis takes back with one hand what it gives with the other.
Analysis takes it to the limit.
Analysis takes only a few minutes.
Analysis takes place through continuous supervision and summary statistics.
Analysis takes time.
Analysis tends to be superficial , clumsy, crude, irrational, and nearly purposeless.
Analysis then continues, as in the DC case, to solve for any needed voltages or currents.
Analysis then helps determine future directions.
Analysis Think clearly and critically.
Analysis uses a public choice framework to examine enactment.
Analysis uses brainstorming, asking questions, and annotating of texts as tools to generate ideas.
Analysis uses the concept of a limit .
Analysis varies according to each project.
Analysis varies depending on what questions are asked of the material.
Analysis view Visualizes various parts of the system architecture concisely and graphically.
Analysis Write a complete balanced equation for each reaction that produced a precipitate.
Analysises are academic journals.
Analysises are calculuses.
Analysises are criticism.
Analysises are investigations.
Analysises are reasoning.
Analysis often involves are series of evolving prototypes with little associated documentation.
Analysis often involves statistical methods.
Analysis usually focuses on a particular theme.
Analysis usually indicates normal male fertility.
All analyses are age-adjusted and control for the median level of household income in the state.
All analyses are free of charge.
All analyses are percent by weight determinations.
All analyses are the average of duplicate analysis except where indicated.
All analyses are to be performed for each phase of the project.
All analyses are to be submitted at class time on the due date.
All analyses come with discussion of product solutions.
All analyses identify the centrality and subversive potential of crime and corruption in the region.
All analyses make use of softare designed in-house.
All analyses point to a huge opportunity there.
All analyses show similar stock trends, although estimates have high variability.
All analyses support the institutional politics theory.
All analyses use only anonymous, aggregated data.
All analysis has some degree of generalization, assumptions to encounter.
All analysis is based on a snapshot view of conditions at the time.
All analysis is done free of charge to the volunteer.
All analysis is performed at full resolution using the original image.
All analysis is returned with a written report and recommendations.
All analysis is to be done by official members of the team.
All analysis is undertaken by the participating laboratories themselves.
Any analysis associated with rigid body mechanics is based on Newton's Laws of Motion .
Any analysis needs to take into consideration the historical conditions of that time.
Many analyses are now available with a choice of analytical methods.
Many analyses use the current rate of inflation as the discount rate.
More analysis is in progress.
More analysis is needed before a final decision can be made.
More analysis is needed here.
More analysis is needed to ensure high data quality for all responses.
More analysis is needed.
More analysis needs to be done of the impact of globalization on women's economic status.
Most analyses allow identification.
Most analyses are a mix of clinical, ethical, and legal factors.
Most analyses are preliminary.
Most analyses begin and unfortunately end with a comparison of income tax rates.
Most analyses confirm abnormalities.
Most analyses confirm discoveries.
Most analyses confirm observations.
Most analyses confirm results.
Most analyses consider evidence.
Most analyses consider issues.
Most analyses consist of observations.
Most analyses demonstrate differences.
Most analyses demonstrate soil conditions.
Most analyses demonstrate unique soil conditions.
Most analyses detect infection.
Most analyses determine likelihood.
Most analyses find evidence.
Most analyses focus exclusively on either the measurement or causes of inefficiency.
Most analyses generate results.
Most analyses give information.
Most analyses give mix results.
Most analyses give results.
Most analyses give similar results.
Most analyses give useful information.
Most analyses have limitations.
Most analyses have methods.
Most analyses have positions.
Most analyses have traditional methods.
Most analyses help researchers.
Most analyses help scientists.
Most analyses indicate activities.
Most analyses indicate ages.
Most analyses indicate body weight conditions.
Most analyses indicate components.
Most analyses indicate conditions.
Most analyses indicate differentiations.
Most analyses indicate experience.
Most analyses indicate follow components.
Most analyses indicate homology.
Most analyses indicate ice ages.
Most analyses indicate incidents.
Most analyses indicate last ice ages.
Most analyses indicate occurrences.
Most analyses indicate patterns.
Most analyses indicate permafrost regions.
Most analyses indicate reductions.
Most analyses indicate regions.
Most analyses indicate responses.
Most analyses indicate results.
Most analyses indicate trends.
Most analyses indicate variation.
Most analyses involve different methods.
Most analyses involve equations.
Most analyses involve heat transfer equations.
Most analyses involve methods.
Most analyses involve requirements.
Most analyses involve several different methods.
Most analyses involve several methods.
Most analyses lead to actions.
Most analyses lead to conclusions.
Most analyses lead to discoveries.
Most analyses lead to examinations.
Most analyses lead to follow conclusions.
Most analyses lead to identification.
Most analyses lead to important conclusions.
Most analyses lead to interpretations.
Most analyses lead to legal actions.
Most analyses lead to other important conclusions.
Most analyses lead to regulations.
Most analyses look at patterns.
Most analyses produce results.
Most analyses produce similar results.
Most analyses provide assessments.
Most analyses provide crucial information.
Most analyses provide descriptions.
Most analyses provide evidence.
Most analyses provide important information.
Most analyses provide information.
Most analyses provide knowledge.
Most analyses provide more information.
Most analyses provide presence.
Most analyses provide responses.
Most analyses provide results.
Most analyses reflect complex genetics.
Most analyses reflect genetics.
Most analyses require equations.
Most analyses require examinations.
Most analyses require guidelines.
Most analyses require identification.
Most analyses require interpretations.
Most analyses require samples.
Most analyses require use.
Most analyses result in identification.
Most analyses reveal accumulation.
Most analyses reveal active compounds.
Most analyses reveal approaches.
Most analyses reveal differences.
Most analyses reveal drive forces.
Most analyses reveal events.
Most analyses reveal exposure.
Most analyses reveal features.
Most analyses reveal information.
Most analyses reveal mass.
Most analyses reveal microbial growth.
Most analyses reveal molecular classifications.
Most analyses reveal motion.
Most analyses reveal odor compounds.
Most analyses reveal presence.
Most analyses reveal responses.
Most analyses reveal significant differences.
Most analyses reveal similar patterns.
Most analyses reveal slight tendencies.
Most analyses reveal soft approaches.
Most analyses reveal tendencies.
Most analyses reveal ticket price cost.
Most analyses reveal variation.
Most analyses reveal volatile compounds.
Most analyses show breakdowns.
Most analyses show characteristics.
Most analyses show chemical composition values.
Most analyses show conditions.
Most analyses show consumption.
Most analyses show copies.
Most analyses show development.
Most analyses show differences.
Most analyses show dilutions.
Most analyses show effects.
Most analyses show elevate proteins.
Most analyses show embryonic chick development.
Most analyses show embryonic development.
Most analyses show environmental conditions.
Most analyses show excretion.
Most analyses show genetic differences.
Most analyses show genetic differentiations.
Most analyses show growth.
Most analyses show heterogeneity.
Most analyses show high values.
Most analyses show major differences.
Most analyses show major genetic differences.
Most analyses show markers.
Most analyses show milk proteins.
Most analyses show policy making a difference, albeit a smaller one than economic change.
Most analyses show poor conditions.
Most analyses show poor environmental conditions.
Most analyses show proteins.
Most analyses show significant differences.
Most analyses show significant effects.
Most analyses show statistical differences.
Most analyses show strikes.
Most analyses show values.
Most analyses show variation.
Most analyses solve mysteries.
Most analyses solve problems.
Most analyses suggest variability.
Most analyses take places.
Most analyses use approaches.
Most analyses use different methods.
Most analyses use life cycle assessment approaches.
Most analyses use methods.
Most analyses use procedures.
Most analyses use scientific methods.
Most analyses use software.
Most analyses use tests.
Most analyses use versions.
Most analysis decomposes whole systems into component parts.
Most analysis is concerned with packet headers.
Much analysis is problem oriented.
Some analyses are conducted by brazilian researchers.
Some analyses are conducted by researchers.
Some analyses are conducted by scientists.
Some analyses are mathematically biased to only produce such results.
Some analyses are presented in books.
Some analyses are presented in tables.
Some analyses assess effects.
Some analyses compare global levels.
Some analyses confirm existence.
Some analyses confirm predictions.
Some analyses consider materials extending over a period of substantial changes in a culture.
Some analyses demonstrate activities.
Some analyses demonstrate contributions.
Some analyses demonstrate development.
Some analyses demonstrate exchanges.
Some analyses demonstrate expression patterns.
Some analyses demonstrate importance.
Some analyses demonstrate patterns.
Some analyses demonstrate results.
Some analyses demonstrate specific expression patterns.
Some analyses demonstrate specific patterns.
Some analyses demonstrate variation.
Some analyses detect compounds.
Some analyses detect pregnancy.
Some analyses emphasize similarity.
Some analyses facilitate tests.
Some analyses focus on aspects.
Some analyses focus on density.
Some analyses focus on effects.
Some analyses focus on overall density.
Some analyses focus on total wealth.
Some analyses focus on wealth.
Some analyses follow manipulation.
Some analyses have potential.
Some analyses have tremendous potential.
Some analyses help managers.
Some analyses indicate canine infection.
Some analyses indicate concentration.
Some analyses indicate decay.
Some analyses indicate depth.
Some analyses indicate diets.
Some analyses indicate differences.
Some analyses indicate distribution.
Some analyses indicate domestic sheep.
Some analyses indicate effects.
Some analyses indicate exceptions.
Some analyses indicate excretion.
Some analyses indicate exposure.
Some analyses indicate factors.
Some analyses indicate heavy exposure.
Some analyses indicate importance.
Some analyses indicate infection.
Some analyses indicate intake.
Some analyses indicate lack.
Some analyses indicate methods.
Some analyses indicate outbreaks.
Some analyses indicate parameters.
Some analyses indicate pneumonia.
Some analyses indicate pressure differences.
Some analyses indicate raccoons.
Some analyses indicate several parameters.
Some analyses indicate sheep.
Some analyses indicate soy intake.
Some analyses indicate survival.
Some analyses indicate trials.
Some analyses indicate values.
Some analyses indicate years.
Some analyses involve interaction.
Some analyses involve model selections.
Some analyses involve pollinator interaction.
Some analyses involve selections.
Some analyses involve summarizing data for units other than households or families.
Some analyses prevent diagnoses.
Some analyses produce their results by using a formula.
Some analyses provide insight.
Some analyses provide powerful techniques.
Some analyses provide significant insight.
Some analyses provide techniques.
Some analyses provide useful techniques.
Some analyses provide ways.
Some analyses reflect excretion.
Some analyses remain in progress.
Some analyses require comparison.
Some analyses require specific data sets or repeated data.
Some analyses reveal acid inductions.
Some analyses reveal alternatives.
Some analyses reveal anemia.
Some analyses reveal bacteria.
Some analyses reveal benefits.
Some analyses reveal blood.
Some analyses reveal cell death.
Some analyses reveal chromatin.
Some analyses reveal complex genetic structures.
Some analyses reveal complex structures.
Some analyses reveal cost benefits.
Some analyses reveal cushions.
Some analyses reveal death.
Some analyses reveal depressions.
Some analyses reveal diatoms.
Some analyses reveal diets.
Some analyses reveal dimorphism.
Some analyses reveal distinct proteins.
Some analyses reveal diversity.
Some analyses reveal emergence.
Some analyses reveal enlargements.
Some analyses reveal evolution.
Some analyses reveal expansion.
Some analyses reveal flesh.
Some analyses reveal genetic separation.
Some analyses reveal genetic structures.
Some analyses reveal grain.
Some analyses reveal growth hormone loci.
Some analyses reveal high productivity.
Some analyses reveal high site productivity.
Some analyses reveal identities.
Some analyses reveal immunity.
Some analyses reveal individuals.
Some analyses reveal inductions.
Some analyses reveal loci.
Some analyses reveal metabolism.
Some analyses reveal migration.
Some analyses reveal mild anemia.
Some analyses reveal narrators.
Some analyses reveal population structures.
Some analyses reveal preservation.
Some analyses reveal problems.
Some analyses reveal productivity.
Some analyses reveal proteins.
Some analyses reveal results.
Some analyses reveal roles.
Some analyses reveal separation.
Some analyses reveal serious defects.
Some analyses reveal sexual dimorphism.
Some analyses reveal siblings.
Some analyses reveal significant benefits.
Some analyses reveal significant cost benefits.
Some analyses reveal significant genetic structures.
Some analyses reveal similar results.
Some analyses reveal single loci.
Some analyses reveal specimens.
Some analyses reveal structures.
Some analyses reveal substances.
Some analyses reveal such defects.
Some analyses reveal tails.
Some analyses reveal wealth.
Some analyses reveal whole blood.
Some analyses show absence.
Some analyses show acid.
Some analyses show advantage.
Some analyses show air temperature.
Some analyses show ancestors.
Some analyses show availability.
Some analyses show cell motility.
Some analyses show common ancestors.
Some analyses show current levels.
Some analyses show deletions.
Some analyses show departures.
Some analyses show distribution.
Some analyses show diversity.
Some analyses show dogs.
Some analyses show domestication.
Some analyses show elephants.
Some analyses show establishments.
Some analyses show evidence.
Some analyses show existence.
Some analyses show extent.
Some analyses show factors.
Some analyses show genetic patterns.
Some analyses show genus.
Some analyses show habitats.
Some analyses show height.
Some analyses show humans.
Some analyses show in tables.
Some analyses show inheritance patterns.
Some analyses show irons.
Some analyses show length.
Some analyses show lungs.
Some analyses show matter.
Some analyses show minerals.
Some analyses show motility.
Some analyses show normal patterns.
Some analyses show nuclear power.
Some analyses show orbits.
Some analyses show patterns.
Some analyses show permafrost areas.
Some analyses show population size reductions.
Some analyses show power.
Some analyses show presence.
Some analyses show reductions.
Some analyses show relatives.
Some analyses show representations.
Some analyses show results.
Some analyses show same ancestors.
Some analyses show same common ancestors.
Some analyses show seizures.
Some analyses show services.
Some analyses show significant advantage.
Some analyses show silica.
Some analyses show similar patterns.
Some analyses show size.
Some analyses show skulls.
Some analyses show soluble minerals.
Some analyses show strength.
Some analyses show temperature.
Some analyses show tetrahymena.
Some analyses show time.
Some analyses suggest depressions.
Some analyses suggest differences.
Some analyses suggest dispersal events.
Some analyses suggest events.
Some analyses suggest functions.
Some analyses suggest involvement.
Some analyses suggest options.
Some analyses suggest pressure differences.
Some analyses support own conclusions.
Some analyses take on the task of verifying assumptions, theories or generalizations.
Some analyses use classifications.
Some analyses use concepts.
Some analyses use electron spin resonance.
Some analyses use excretion.
Some analyses use fecal samples.
Some analyses use images.
Some analyses use isotopes.
Some analyses use low resolution.
Some analyses use markers.
Some analyses use multiple isotopes.
Some analyses use multiple stable isotopes.
Some analyses use patterns.
Some analyses use phylogeny.
Some analyses use primer.
Some analyses use resolution.
Some analyses use resonance.
Some analyses use samples.
Some analyses use simulation.
Some analyses use specific primer.
Some analyses use stable isotopes.
Some analyses yield differences.
Some analyses yield indexes.
Some analysis is believed to be performed on board.
Some analysis is on the way.
Some analysis is performed, and extendible hashing is covered at the end of the chapter.
Some analysis is required.
An analyst is an expert
Analyst also blame welfare reform for the increasing number of women and children lacking coverage.
Analyst continue to revise their future earnings projections downward.
Analyst develop descriptive reports and information for management and outside users.
Analyst do the rest.
Analyst estimates vs. reality Q .
Analyst is a powerful package for transferring data between different software programs.
Analyst likes Nationwide.
Analyst makes ad-hoc analysis or report preparation simple and intuitive.
Analyst reports on industries and companies.
Analyst reviews the documents for accuracy and approves appropriate classification level.
Analyst runs five chromatographic separations at a time.
Analyst say it more efficient to combine operations to compete with other global giants.
Analyst says it's a good thing.
Analyst simplifies the process of integrating mainframe data.
Analyst sits behind patient's head, out of sight, and listens, mostly in silence.
Analyst uniquely allows customers to homoligate multi-site data to the time zone of their choice.
Analyst views on business and industry trends.
Analysts accept that the market has crimped the bank s ability to dispose of problem debt.
Analysts acknowledge the paradox.
Analysts acknowledge the wisdom of homing in on critical swing states for election purposes.
Analysts actively participate in the process of bringing in banking business.
Analysts add new solutions to the database as they are discovered and developed.
Analysts add or delete names through a Web interface to keep the database up to date.
Analysts agree it's too early to tell just how much ISPs can tap Web sites for new revenues.
Analysts agree such an ambitious plan is warranted.
Analysts agree that a multibillion-dollar market is about to open up.
Analysts agree that a third-party opinion can be critical to the health of a company.
Analysts agree that a volatile market can make Web-based transactions more attractive.
Analysts agree that appointing an energy expert as ambassador is a definite plus.
Analysts agree that consumer awareness is one of the challenges for the company.
Analysts agree that event is likely to be an initial public offering.
Analysts agree that few countries treat their religious congregations as badly as Vietnam.
Analysts agree that it started with the right products, and by listening to the market.
Analysts agree that the dynamics of an election year make passage of such a bill possible.
Analysts agree that the market for corporate portals is immense.
Analysts agree that the market is poised for major growth over the next several years.
Analysts agree that the potential antitrust implications of the deal are few.
Analysts agree that there are few other suitors willing to take the company as-is.
Analysts agree that today's ASPs are a bit insubstantial.
Analysts agree the key to market recovery is stronger demand and a recovering economy.
Analysts agree the most essential task in unleashing Thailand's IT potential is a regulatory purge.
Analysts agree with what businesses are learning.
Analysts agree, both that same-day is in demand and that outsourcing delivery is the way to go.
Analysts agree, it s just a matter of time until our wireless Internet boom.
Analysts agree, it's just a matter of time until our wireless Internet boom.
Analysts also are concerned about the company's costs.
Analysts also assess disputed product liability and insurance coverage issues.
Analysts also clash on whether harsh winds or torrential rain can sway the signal.
Analysts also comb daily through the nation's most influential newspapers and news magazines.
Analysts also conduct financial analyses, track regulatory activity and monitor industry trends.
Analysts also develop and evaluate alternate algorithms to potentially enhance performance.
Analysts also doubt the viability of long-term political sanctions.
Analysts also expect a proposed accounting rule change to spur acquisitions.
Analysts also expect the Caspian region to become a major gold producer.
Analysts also expect the company to cut the dividend it pays out to shareholders.
Analysts also expect the company to lower growth expectations.
Analysts also fail to see any corporate synergy.
Analysts also have doubts about property development.
Analysts also have to maintain a working relationship with the companies they cover.
Analysts also like the way CVS management runs the company.
Analysts also look at how work is assigned.
Analysts also look for bifurcations of diverge.
Analysts also observe the business to see how work is done.
Analysts also plan the full range of programming actions needed to achieve end results.
Analysts also point to a shift in the mind-set of many developing countries.
Analysts also point to changing habits in the workplace.
Analysts also point to possible drawbacks of online recruiting.
Analysts also predict that the growth of cable telephony is only a matter of time.
Analysts also provide support for component institutions that operate on our automated system.
Analysts also rate the adequacy of facilities, administration and operational support.
Analysts also rely on symbols and images the way a critic interprets a work of literature.
Analysts also remain bullish on the energy sector's fundamentals.
Analysts also say Indonesian shares are being hurt by the relative scarcity of technology stocks.
Analysts also say some problems that initially plagued e-commerce are beginning to fade.
Analysts also say the current shortages in supply are cyclical in nature.
Analysts also say the group has plenty of room to expand.
Analysts also see a trend toward more consolidation in the industry.
Analysts also see opportunities.
Analysts also see potential in the new products.
Analysts alternately urge action and prudence in approaching the expansion process.
Analysts anticipate further changes.
Analysts applaud the company's proactive stance.
Analysts applaud the effort.
Analysts applaud the technology for improving reception and processing signaling with scale.
Analysts are a battered bunch.
Analysts are a little more cautious in their assessments.
Analysts are able to use a variety of tools to create final test data reports.
Analysts are academic journals.
Analysts are adamant that today's winning alliance is the last chance for both men.
Analysts are adepts at inventing rational explanations for price moves.
Analysts are also available to participate in town hall meetings in a member's district.
Analysts are also excited about the product.
Analysts are also increasingly in demand in large corporations.
Analysts are also uninformed regarding the speed of the networks.
Analysts are always in contact with the senior management of our clients on transactions.
Analysts are bearish.
Analysts are bullish about the deal.
Analysts are bullish on the deal.
Analysts are cautious.
Analysts are cautiously optimistic.
Analysts are concerned about deteriorating margins, and a lack of profits.
Analysts are concerned with stock prices, etc.
Analysts are divided about the effects of RTAs.
Analysts are divided about the future of the PC industry as well.
Analysts are divided about what the future holds.
Analysts are divided on whether the new age valuations still make sense.
Analysts are divided.
Analysts are even more impressed by the caliber of the customer.
Analysts are excited about what they are seeing.
Analysts are expensive.
Analysts are experts.
Analysts are free to use the methods commercially provided the source is acknowledged.
Analysts are generally mixed about the prospects for a rate increase.
Analysts are hard-pressed to say whether the proposal makes sense.
Analysts are high on several European pharmaceutical companies.
Analysts are in agreement that the U.K. economy is currently in good shape.
Analysts are in charge of general ledger maintenance, cash management and budget analysis.
Analysts are just like economists.
Analysts are less optimistic.
Analysts are less shy.
Analysts are more cautious.
Analysts are more likely to move in a herd when they're bullish than when they're bearish.
Analysts are more sanguine.
Analysts are office workers.
Analysts are particularly critical of the lack of new products in Singapore pipelines.
Analysts are positive.
Analysts are pretty keen to see what the group has in store.
Analysts are psychiatrists.
Analysts are quick to point out that the lawsuit is one of many challenges to the biotech industry.
Analysts are quick to point out that there is no natural gas shortage.
Analysts are quick to point out, however, that Europe is the more dynamic of the two markets.
Analysts are researchers.
Analysts are sanguine about the future of TRU, too.
Analysts are sceptical.
Analysts are sharply divided about whether any sales are likely.
Analysts are similarly baffled about the direction of the market and the health of the economy.
Analysts are skeptical of any success.
Analysts are skeptical, however.
Analysts are skeptical, in part, because the restructuring appears to be largely cosmetic.
Analysts are skeptical, though.
Analysts are skeptical.
Analysts are still at a loss to explain how or why the craft distorts from frame to frame.
Analysts are surprised at emachines' success at locking up shelf space with PC retailers.
Analysts are the primary point of contact for our clients and function in a variety of ways.
Analysts are therapists too.
Analysts are unanimous in believing that there is a crisis in housing for agricultural workers.
Analysts are uncertain whether the policy is sound for the nature of the Internet.
Analysts are undecided whether a merger with a stronger bank is the answer.
Analysts are unlikely to agree.
Analysts are very much divided in their outlooks for the retailing group.
Analysts are wary.
Analysts are whacky.
Analysts are worried about the company's cash position.
Analysts are worried that the Strip is rapidly getting overbuilt.
Analysts argue over what caused each link-up to fail.
Analysts argue that One.
Analysts assert that the Japan online advertising market differs tremendously from the U.S. market.
Analysts assess viability using the germination and tetrazolium tests.
Analysts assume that Latin America is the fastest growing Internet market in the world.
Analysts attribute much of the cost increase to rising demand for prescription drugs.
Analysts attribute the discrepancy to the conditions in the respective home markets.
Analysts attribute the increase partly to options remaining a recruiting tool.
Analysts attribute the performance to poor integration of the online and offline businesses.
Analysts begin a project by discussing the businesss needs with managers and users.
Analysts believe a redesign centered on good content that saves readers time is a smart approach.
Analysts believe a viable retail margin is between four and five pence per litre.
Analysts believe Malaysia's capital controls are responsible.
Analysts believe many won t survive.
Analysts believe more acquisitions are on the way.
Analysts believe North Korea also is developing missiles with even longer ranges.
Analysts believe North Korea possesses stores of anthrax, too.
Analysts believe that educational attainment is a good proxy for skill level.
Analysts believe that Iraq used the attacks on Israel to try to draw it into the war.
Analysts believe that knowledge management has great potential.
Analysts believe that much of the disappointment surrounding tech stocks has already been priced in.
Analysts believe that the Iraqi military stole a portion of the equipment from Kuwait.
Analysts believe that the majority of the people favor independence.
Analysts believe that the merger mania in Japan's telecommunications industry has just begun.
Analysts believe that the unnamed rival is perhaps another cave.
Analysts believe the bid is high enough to succeed.
Analysts believe the company's history and scope position it well for the move.
Analysts believe the conviction was politically motivated.
Analysts believe the death toll is far higher.
Analysts believe the move is a wise one intended to clean house to attract global investors.
Analysts believe the number of upgrades is far less.
Analysts believe the pattern is likely to continue.
Analysts believe the test run proved too costly for the company.
Analysts believe there are two reasons.
Analysts believe they have to adapt or die.
Analysts believe unemployment continue to rise in the future.
Analysts blame a handful of factors for the snags.
Analysts blame a red-hot economy that entices kids into the workforce.
Analysts blame both the pilots and the airline.
Analysts blame political troubles and the yearend rush for dollars to pay foreign loans.
Analysts blame rising player payrolls and limited television revenues.
Analysts blame the fact that the banking sector was never reformed or privatised.
Analysts blame the generally mediocre performance of the stocks they recommended on timing.
Analysts blame the liberal credit standards of recent years.
Analysts blame the rise in gas prices on a lack of adequate supply of crude oil.
Analysts blame the stock drop on a jittery market for health care services stocks.
Analysts blame unsold inventories for the fall.
Analysts call in and discuss the fundamentals of every company in our database.
Analysts call it a logical fit.
Analysts call it a moderate buy.
Analysts call it a natural evolution.
Analysts call that a good deal.
Analysts call the deal a good fit.
Analysts call the potential for data centers crashing remote.
Analysts call the setbacks minor.
Analysts can ask pointed questions and ferret out important information during conference calls.
Analysts can be an integral part for many business strategies.
Analysts can do it quicker, which is particularly important with something that is changing so fast.
Analysts can download company briefings without contacting a live person.
Analysts can follow up on the alerts by exploring specific slices of data.
Analysts can generally take account of more factors than when making a global judgment.
Analysts can guess about the strategy here.
Analysts can hypothesize and speculate.
Analysts can move around the world and have their designation recognized.
Analysts can now use the MNSS to estimate the risks in waterways for any ship type.
Analysts can perform basic and advanced queries against the consolidated log data.
Analysts can test for PCBs in oil.
Analysts can then package views in binders, sets of information with a related theme.
Analysts can then track product visibility and exposure using resources with meaningful names.
Analysts can understand their unconscious life through their non-verbal behavior.
Analysts can use it to examine city or county performance over time.
Analysts can use revered fairfield, magazine just like a chief magazine.
Analysts can use the system to show what occupations people with physics degrees hold.
Analysts can use the tracking repository to link each rule to the data entity that it modifies.
Analysts caution against putting too much importance to the apparent calm.
Analysts caution against reading the discounts as more signs of dot-com distress.
Analysts cautiously find positives as recession looms.
Analysts chalk up much of the bad reaction to a basic lack of communication.
Analysts cite all the device limitations and network speed constraints among a list of other issues.
Analysts cite language barriers and multiple currencies as obstacles to e-procurement in Asia.
Analysts cite several factors behind the rally.
Analysts cite two reasons for DKB's decision.
Analysts claim that sedans currently account for around half the market.
Analysts compete with each other to see how deeply they can slash an earnings estimate.
Analysts concur that it's important to pick a tool that can change with a company's changing needs.
Analysts confront an impossible problem.
Analysts consider simple answers to be the most truthful.
Analysts consider the company to be among the best-run restaurant operations in the country.
Analysts consider the IPO postponement a good move.
Analysts construct estimates by crunching numbers, sifting research and making educated guesses.
Analysts contend that it's tough to gauge the value of the company's investment.
Analysts contend the numbers show a population leaning more to traditionally Democratic bases.
Analysts continue to examine the reasons behind the surge.
Analysts continue to gush.
Analysts continue to predict an economic downturn.
Analysts currently say that Japan looks set to enter a period of recession.
Analysts cut and run, leaving behind a trail of fallen tech stocks.
Analysts cut estimates but maintained their respective ratings.
Analysts define ethnicity in different ways to suit individual research needs.
Analysts describe the relationship between the Kingdom and Germany as strong and stable but limited.
Analysts design the gates in the hardware and software to allow exchange of data.
Analysts design the surveys and questionnaires.
Analysts determine the extent to which an activity addresses the benchmark concept or skill.
Analysts develop core skills in a service area.
Analysts differ on the significance of the deal.
Analysts disagree about the factors determining the current price of diesel.
Analysts disagree as to the cost-effectiveness and long term viability of current implementations.
Analysts disagree as to the source of the problem and the solution.
Analysts disagree on the implications of a breakdown in talks for the two companies and the public.
Analysts disagree on the meaning of the shifting, growing spending on Internet infrastructure.
Analysts disagree over the industry's potential.
Analysts disagree whether the economy looks to be regaining stride or slowing.
Analysts discuss issues that affect specific companies or industries.
Analysts discuss moderate and aggressive growth mutual funds and equities.
Analysts discuss monthly outlooks for their specialized research sectors.
Analysts dispute the etiology of the income differentials.
Analysts do it almost everywhere.
Analysts do it continuously.
Analysts do it less than epsilon.
Analysts do it smoothly.
Analysts do it to the limit.
Analysts do it with their real parts.
Analysts do so on their own initiative.
Analysts doubt it.
Analysts doubt that they can raise that kind of money from the markets.
Analysts echo the industry concerns.
Analysts emphasize the use of two major variables to determine the proper discount rate.
Analysts emphasize, however.
Analysts enter useful information on their own initiative to prepare for their research.
Analysts estimate that as many as eight million people telecommute in one way or another.
Analysts estimate that only a handful of the distilleries make a profit.
Analysts estimate the number of Web sites is doubling worldwide every two months.
Analysts even seem to be willing to concede a continued slowdown in the first quarter.
Analysts expect a compromise.
Analysts expect a deal within days now that the CAW contract has been ratified.
Analysts expect a small near term slide.
Analysts expect a wave of lawsuits in the wake of the findings.
Analysts expect additional disappointments.
Analysts expect additional rate cuts in the coming months.
Analysts expect announcement today of first quarterly earnings decline in two years.
Analysts expect another rate cut by the end of the first half of the year.
Analysts expect ASPs to become increasingly attractive to larger companies as well.
Analysts expect Cisco to report a humdrum quarter.
Analysts expect commodity prices to drop further, especially if the weather remains good.
Analysts expect commodity prices to go up, benefiting the nation's farmers.
Analysts expect consumer demand to remain strong.
Analysts expect continued strong growth in Asia and an uptick in Europe as well.
Analysts expect data traffic to continue to triple every year.
Analysts expect Europe to follow suit.
Analysts expect free trade in manufactures to reduce the consumer price of cars in Hungary.
Analysts expect further deterioration in gross margin going forward.
Analysts expect good news when it reports first-quarter earnings.
Analysts expect Internet appliances to catch on.
Analysts expect Internet use in urban America to rise sharply as computer prices continue to drop.
Analysts expect it to advance to second place by the end of the century.
Analysts expect it to be approved.
Analysts expect it to double in the next five years.
Analysts expect it to get a bargain price.
Analysts expect it to perform better than rivals as the overall car market sags.
Analysts expect just a few customers to bolt the service in the wake of the latest increase.
Analysts expect more broadband companies to follow suit.
Analysts expect more E-learning vendors to follow the hosted model in the coming year.
Analysts expect more failures among suppliers.
Analysts expect more layoffs to come.
Analysts expect more of the same next week.
Analysts expect more solutions to become emerging-enterprise friendly in the coming months.
Analysts expect more to follow suit.
Analysts expect more Web sites to offer video and find ways to make money with it.
Analysts expect new bidders to step forward.
Analysts expect no letup in the booming telecom-hotel market for several years to come.
Analysts expect notebook price cuts and processor upgrades to continue over the summer.
Analysts expect online sales to surge again next season.
Analysts expect prices to plateau at the new, higher levels soon.
Analysts expect results to be weak.
Analysts expect rival U.S. cigarette makers to follow.
Analysts expect sales to have fallen during the winter.
Analysts expect seven more bids to be filed by year-end.
Analysts expect share prices to fall further.
Analysts expect success, rating it a strong buy.
Analysts expect that clause extends to all the agreements.
Analysts expect that number to jump dramatically in coming months.
Analysts expect that the markets are close to the bottom and can go only upwards during the week.
Analysts expect that to continue.
Analysts expect the agreement to last for only a brief period.
Analysts expect the average disinfection period to be six months.
Analysts expect the companies to keep running two separate Web sites.
Analysts expect the deal to be approved.
Analysts expect the dollar to continue to rise.
Analysts expect the first half to be a bloodbath, with dot-com closures proceeding apace.
Analysts expect the generic drug industry to grow.
Analysts expect the glut to disappear only after two years.
Analysts expect the graying of the boomers to alter the retail landscape in other ways as well.
Analysts expect the growth in the digital consumer market to continue.
Analysts expect the housing market to ease over the rest of the year.
Analysts expect the initial public offering by yearend.
Analysts expect the insurer's financial crisis to last several years.
Analysts expect the Internet-only pharmacies to be joined online by major drug store chains.
Analysts expect the managed services market to grow exponentially.
Analysts expect the marketplace to continue growing at a breakneck pace.
Analysts expect the merger to be approved by the Swedish and Norwegian parliaments.
Analysts expect the move to help exporters and cut imports.
Analysts expect the new standard to boost modem sales significantly.
Analysts expect the operation to be transferred to east Germany where labour costs are lower.
Analysts expect the pace to pickup further as India makes conditions for investment more conducive.
Analysts expect the president to call for fresh parliamentary elections in the coming weeks.
Analysts expect the products to represent only the tip of the iceberg.
Analysts expect the reopening of the border to hurt traffickers and contraband smugglers.
Analysts expect the service to be most popular, at least initially, in rural and isolated areas.
Analysts expect the share prices of leading wireless technology and service companies to soar.
Analysts expect the software giant to exceed analyst estimates.
Analysts expect the talks to conclude by year-end.
Analysts expect the trend to continue.
Analysts expect the upswing for rural produce to continue while the dollar remains weak.
Analysts expect the weaker players to start dropping out soon.
Analysts expect there to be little impact on other economies as a result of Turkey's devaluation.
Analysts expect third-quarter results to be just as weak.
Analysts expect to see other companies jump into the game in coming years.
Analysts fear greater civil unrest and a renewed power struggle at the highest levels of government.
Analysts feel that the Indian market already has some traits of futures market.
Analysts find that event-response models give a better partitioning of the system.
Analysts find the same tendency to dish out incredible estimates.
Analysts find ways for computers to meet the needs of an organization.
Analysts first examine the fabric under a microscope to see if it contains DNA material.
Analysts focus on many weaknesses within the Chinese economy.
Analysts focus their minds on how inept African leaders can be got rid of.
Analysts forecast explosive growth in the nascent interactive TV market.
Analysts forecast rapid growth.
Analysts foresee a protracted and bitter fight.
Analysts foresee the situation getting worse before it improves.
Analysts gauge a company's earnings prospects, relying heavily on company guidance.
Analysts generally agree.
Analysts generally applaud the planned transformation.
Analysts generally hold polarized opinions about the company's future.
Analysts generally specialize in one area of management, such as human resources.
Analysts generally think that any of the scenarios is quite possible.
Analysts get to travel and network more than the PMs.
Analysts get tough.
Analysts give a number of reasons for their emigration.
Analysts give their opinion on a stock and occasionally, it moves the price of that stock.
Analysts give their solutions to programmers for translating into coded instructions for computers.
Analysts give varying reasons.
Analysts go both ways.
Analysts gush over the company's new transparency and commitment to change.
Analysts has extensive experience in developing wireless systems for health care institutions.
Analysts have conflicting views.
Analysts have different skill set.
Analysts have good things to say about the product.
Analysts have heady expectations for the newcomer to TV-based Web access.
Analysts have high expectations for Central European economies with developed ties to the West.
Analysts have to be prepared.
Analysts have to raise numbers.
Analysts have yet to see noticeable leanings in public opinion towards republicanism.
Analysts have yet to see the service in action.
Analysts haven t capitulated until estimates hit bottom and stop falling.
Analysts help develop rules for the development and maintenance of the budget.
Analysts here say that in practice, Lebanon has little elbow-room.
Analysts here seem to welcome the change.
Analysts hold different opinions on what has caused the current market run-up.
Analysts identify several factors often present in a violent kid.
Analysts indicate the market was down because of weak sales.
Analysts insist splits have no bearing on stock prices.
Analysts insist that few steel markets are as ripe for consolidation as the United States.
Analysts investigate deeply and here is a solution of teamwork.
Analysts is a consultancy that acts as an integrator and developer of wireless systems and services.
Analysts is fully capable of performing advanced, special testing required by turbine manufacturers.
Analysts is the industry leader in lubricant, fuel, grease, and related substance analysis.
Analysts keep raising the bar until a company eventually buckles under.
Analysts know that there is a close correlation between food availability and population dynamics.
Analysts learn by doing.
Analysts like to know the news before it hits.
Analysts look at it variously as a technology, management, ethical or legal issue.
Analysts look at new ways of meeting the public's request for services.
Analysts look at pro forma.
Analysts look for themes, key terms and concepts, and contrasts in the data.
Analysts look to the future.
Analysts love athlon.
Analysts love momentum because securities with price momentum are easy to predict.
Analysts lower their estimates.
Analysts maintain an information flow about the company and the industry to the investing public.
Analysts maintain strong ratings.
Analysts maintain that the company needs to improve the service's sound quality.
Analysts make products real, at least in the minds of many members of the press.
Analysts make the markets less volatile.
Analysts meet with clients to review existing needs and determine areas for improvement.
Analysts name the extranet as a key tool for business advantage.
Analysts naturally view the business in a multi-dimensional manner.
Analysts nervously debate the economic policies of the government.
Analysts note that bombings often occur when foreign dignitaries visit.
Analysts note that Mexico has never had a democratic, professional police force.
Analysts note that some Canadian provinces have cut taxes.
Analysts note that the companies' product offerings are complementary.
Analysts note that the company's dominance over the industry has waned, however.
Analysts note that the voters have a say next year.
Analysts note that total employment growth remains strong across all regions.
Analysts now consider the stock a bargain.
Analysts now say there's plenty of evidence any rebound has been derailed.
Analysts now tend to believe that sales growth is sliding.
Analysts now use terms like 'unlikely' and 'moribund' to characterize the merger's chances.
Analysts observe the government routinely pays thousands of dollars to repair individual apartments.
Analysts occasionally take a stab at estimating the net worth of the adult Web.
Analysts offer a variety of explanations.
Analysts perform a necessary and valuable function in the U.S. capital markets.
Analysts play a pivotal role in valuation.
Analysts play a significant role in organizational development and operation of systems.
Analysts plot time costs per unit harvest along the y-axis.
Analysts point to a number of reasons why drugs have taken a drubbing.
Analysts point to bad timing as cause for portal demise.
Analysts point to continued government ownership of airlines as another obstacle to globalization.
Analysts point to numerous questions concerning the rights of women under the new legislation.
Analysts point to the advent soon of disposable wireless phones.
Analysts point to the many conflicts, real and potential, which originate in or impact on the area.
Analysts point to three main factors for the increased volatility.
Analysts ponder the future of the controversial music site, which remains closed to users.
Analysts praise the move as a way to build loyalty among employees.
Analysts predict a shakeout among early online marketplaces.
Analysts predict an exodus of other executives.
Analysts predict flourishing intranet-based transactions.
Analysts predict further B-share price rises next week.
Analysts predict further share-price gains tomorrow.
Analysts predict healthy growth for both.
Analysts predict similar growth ahead.
Analysts predict slow, but steady growth from the former mutual insurance companies.
Analysts predict the arrival of pen tablet-based software applications is on the horizon.
Analysts predict two to three years considering that cleaning up is under way.
Analysts predict, and users report, that VPNs can cut remote networking costs by half-or more.
Analysts prefer full volume standards because they best simulate typical drinking water samples.
Analysts prefer to use another yardstick.
Analysts prepare all other affidavits.
Analysts prepare written studies and testimony as well as advise committee staff.
Analysts present and follow companies while the managers make the final decisions.
Analysts present their findings and recommendations in written reports.
Analysts probing under the hood of the venture paint a different picture.
Analysts project into the future, while journalists report on present-day events in our lives.
Analysts propose a number of theories.
Analysts provide first-line assessments of software problems as they occur during actual operations.
Analysts provide system design solutions for business process improvement opportunities.
Analysts push stocks so their trading departments can unload inventory.
Analysts question Borders ability to gain substantial market share, coming so late in the game.
Analysts question company's direction as new CEO maps out the future.
Analysts question whether such investments ever pay off.
Analysts question whether that can be done.
Analysts quickly spot and correct analytical or bottle problems that the program identifies.
Analysts rank it evenly between a hold and a buy.
Analysts rate it a strong buy.
Analysts rate the company mostly a hold.
Analysts react to the president's speech.
Analysts react While stock prices sank, many analysts urged investors to buy.
Analysts recommend fresh writers.
Analysts recommend strong buy.
Analysts reduce earnings estimates.
Analysts regard it as an austerity move.
Analysts regularly participates as an exhibitor and presenter at major industry trade events.
Analysts rely on proprietary research to gradually adjust market exposure.
Analysts remain bullish about the business e-learning market.
Analysts remain bullish on luxury hotels.
Analysts remain mixed on whether to include investment income in their calculations.
Analysts remain wary.
Analysts report on industries, macroeconomics analysis, and legal and regulatory information.
Analysts report that consumer empowerment initiatives are increasing across all channels.
Analysts report that economic and banking conditions in the Chicago Region remain generally healthy.
Analysts resist changing paradigms.
Analysts review and compare vendor responses to research surveys.
Analysts review and document the current workflow.
Analysts Review current company financial information.
Analysts review what is submitted subject to the criteria outlined above.
Analysts revise forecasts on an ongoing basis, potentially impacting stock prices in the process.
Analysts revise forecasts on an ongoing basis.
Analysts say a sale is imminent.
Analysts say a split in Sudan's leadership has opened the way for change.
Analysts say appliances offer an attractive alternative to providers looking to streamline costs.
Analysts say approval is likely.
Analysts say at the heart of the problem is a basic imbalance between supply and demand.
Analysts say Belgrade sees China as a key ally against Western governments.
Analysts say both camps face serious challenges.
Analysts say both perceptions are correct.
Analysts say Brazil has been a victim of international investors' sudden fear of emerging markets.
Analysts say business and consumer confidence was at a historic low.
Analysts say cable and telecommunications are the sectors to watch.
Analysts say call centres achieve several aims.
Analysts say China's leaders are seriously worried by the recent explosion of popular religions.
Analysts say Chinese businessmen consider Australia a good place to salt away dollars.
Analysts say civilians trapped in rebel-held territory find themselves most vulnerable.
Analysts say commercial e-mail is doubling in volume annually.
Analysts say consolidation among Japan's four big truck companies is likely necessary.
Analysts say consumer confidence and stable buying habits have kept the economy humming along.
Analysts say cutting support prices is inevitable with or without the euro.
Analysts say different things.
Analysts say domestic fuel prices are among the cheapest in the world due to the subsidies.
Analysts say Europe is the world's largest market for video game machines.
Analysts say financing is very possible, but no sure thing.
Analysts say further partnerships are likely as the alliance brings other companies into the fold.
Analysts say global economic fundamentals remain strong.
Analysts say government's focus on the listing is part of the problem.
Analysts say governments have four main ways to promote domestic products abroad.
Analysts say healthy personal spending levels are at risk as joblessness keeps rising.
Analysts say higher interest rates also dampened the consumer spirit.
Analysts say Indian firms are as shareholder-friendly as their Taiwanese counterparts.
Analysts say India's real objection to the treaty is rooted in domestic politics.
Analysts say industry consolidation is inevitable.
Analysts say investors are also concerned about sharp increases in wholesale prices.
Analysts say investors are either running for the exits or waiting for equities to get even cheaper.
Analysts say investors are leery of purely e-commerce retail investments.
Analysts say it is difficult to put a price on the deal.
Analysts say it is nearly impossible to conduct foreign trade without trade finance.
Analysts say it is reacting to the uncertainty in Washington.
Analysts say it is the engine driving the business to greater accessibility.
Analysts say it s all part of the growing convergence of national and regional markets.
Analysts say it shows the ruling party's willingness to compromise for the sake of political unity.
Analysts say it's a moot point.
Analysts say it's a promising concept.
Analysts say it's a risky trade-off.
Analysts say it's a typical case of buy on the rumor, sell on the news.
Analysts say it's an ideal example of how the Web and TV can interact.
Analysts say it's common for Taiwan's stock market to ratchet down around election time.
Analysts say it's high time.
Analysts say it's highly unlikely Cisco can sustain that pace.
Analysts say it's how about half of new software is written.
Analysts say it's likely they're going to start using it.
Analysts say it's likely to get worse.
Analysts say it's one of the best programs in the field.
Analysts say it's part of the company's on-going effort to keep a competitive edge.
Analysts say it's possible in the long term.
Analysts say it's premature to call the initiative, formulated by Jordan and Egypt, a success.
Analysts say it's too soon to tell who is ahead.
Analysts say Japan is one of the largest untapped markets for contract manufacturers.
Analysts say Japan's antiquated banking system is being transformed by online banking.
Analysts say layoffs announced months ago are beginning to have an impact on the U.S. economy.
Analysts say losses in New York prompted Taiwanese investors to unload shares.
Analysts say many factors have contributed to the increase in bankruptcy petitions.
Analysts say many investors now expect the process to reverse.
Analysts say more than half the workforce is unemployed.
Analysts say more than one route is likely to be opened in the long-term.
Analysts say no, at least in terms of scale.
Analysts say one of the biggest obstacles to industry-wide adoption is system incompatibility.
Analysts say One.
Analysts say other vendors have traditionally discovered the physical and logical storage network.
Analysts say overcrowding and a lack of confidence in unproven business models.
Analysts say people, including many party members, are now more interested in cash than politics.
Analysts say price was behind the collapse of the takeover talks.
Analysts say production is stuck at low levels.
Analysts say products that automate management tasks are in demand.
Analysts say Quanta was the last of Taiwan's notebook makers to build facilities in China.
Analysts say railroad companies are in good shape for reaping the benefits of recovery.
Analysts say recruiting online allows companies to reach a broader audience than newspapers alone.
Analysts say reducing the payout was inevitable.
Analysts say retailers have adjusted their inventories and cost structures to protect profit levels.
Analysts say sales on cable TV channels began to pick up in the third quarter.
Analysts say satellites are a cost-effective way to distribute data.
Analysts say similar contradictory forces are at work with Indonesia's exports and imports.
Analysts say some fund managers are moving to Singapore in the wake of the plan.
Analysts say some still have room to grow.
Analysts say such Internet appliances have sold poorly.
Analysts say such optimism is representative of the younger generation.
Analysts say such services are needed to help consumers understand the benefits of Web content.
Analysts say such shortcomings increase the island's vulnerability to an attack from mainland China.
Analysts say Syria also is facing a new political reality.
Analysts say teenagers did less online shopping during the unusually warm spring.
Analysts say text messaging is a natural outgrowth of conditions in the Philippines.
Analysts say that analysis is critical to customer-relationship management efforts.
Analysts say that Asia's economies are on the verge of recovery.
Analysts say that China patrols near Taiwan and Vietnam.
Analysts say that chipsets are slowing the big names down.
Analysts say that definite strength is visible in gold.
Analysts say that ease of navigation and ease of use are the keys to a successful Web site.
Analysts say that e-shopping does so well during the holidays because consumers hate crowded stores.
Analysts say that exchanges expose network managers to more providers and lower prices.
Analysts say that freedom of assembly and association in Zambia has been gradually diminished.
Analysts say that generics, circulating in even small quantities, weaken the entire patent process.
Analysts say that girls tend to work in lower-paying positions like child care.
Analysts say that in the circumstances, peace efforts are unlikely to succeed in the next six years.
Analysts say that increases are due in part to dramatic changes in the perceived value of money.
Analysts say that kind of partnership is possible, however.
Analysts say that means ongoing predictable revenues.
Analysts say that now is a good time to address the issue of margin loans.
Analysts say that on the whole such technologies make databases more complete solutions.
Analysts say that optimism is misplaced.
Analysts say that partly reflects Japan's educational approach.
Analysts say that politically, it pays to be vague.
Analysts say that Russia is a particularly fertile market.
Analysts say that smaller companies seemingly see the most value in outside same-day service.
Analysts say that SMS services are of most interest to young mobile users.
Analysts say that Taiwan's economy is segmented into two parts.
Analysts say that talking with consumers yields accurate results.
Analysts say that the actual figure is probably far lower.
Analysts say that the agreement has come from two presidents under pressure.
Analysts say that the drop in non-oil imports is an indicator of a slowdown in industrial growth.
Analysts say that the worst is yet to come.
Analysts say that there is room for both in the marketplace.
Analysts say that Turkey has already agreed to buy more gas than it can use.
Analysts say that visual images, in print and on screen, routinely overpower any words.
Analysts say that years of political killings underlie the barbarity of today's urban crime.
Analysts say that, at least so far, the Democratic contenders differ more by style than substance.
Analysts say that's a good thing.
Analysts say that's about as good as it gets in the fiercely competitive spa business.
Analysts say that's because while stock prices are going down, earnings are going down even faster.
Analysts say that's no problem.
Analysts say that's the right approach.
Analysts say that's vital to their competitiveness.
Analysts say the agricultural biotech giant still has room to run.
Analysts say the amount is enough to cover three months of exports.
Analysts say the automobile industry has entered a painful but necessary period of reorganization.
Analysts say the battle is more than it appears.
Analysts say the biggest gains are still to come.
Analysts say the biggest opportunity in content lies in serving a local market.
Analysts say the boom is spilling over to other industries.
Analysts say the broadband system is a good but expensive buy for retailers.
Analysts say the bulk of the consolidation binge is likely over.
Analysts say the business spread itself to thin to quick.
Analysts say the challenge now is to draw mainstream users into the fold.
Analysts say the change is related to last week's terrorist attacks.
Analysts say the changes are unlikely to help as long as the airlines are hiring at record rates.
Analysts say the company has done an admirable job of just that.
Analysts say the company is moving fast to meet demand, however, and such efforts require funds.
Analysts say the company s backlog ensures a revenue stream for a long time.
Analysts say the company's got a chance.
Analysts say the company's idea is unusual.
Analysts say the company's tough line reflects a basic change in the industry.
Analysts say the concerns are overdone.
Analysts say the consolidation of the funeral industry has been driven in part by economics.
Analysts say the contest is too early to call.
Analysts say the convention planners' goal is more realistic.
Analysts say the current elections are being contested more on local issues.
Analysts say the current military operation is intended to force the insurgents to the conference.
Analysts say the Czech economy is rotten and needs a major overhaul.
Analysts say the danger is far from over.
Analysts say the debate over the third way is fundamentally a reaction to globalization.
Analysts say the difference lies in consistency.
Analysts say the direction of the kernel is sound, but it's too early in the game to comment.
Analysts say the discrepancy is evidence that the economy is being decoupled from carbon.
Analysts say the education issue resonates most strongly with women and suburban voters.
Analysts say the emphasis is to imbue the recruits with fanatical zeal.
Analysts say the event is a largely symbolic celebration of Vietnam's open door and reform policies.
Analysts say the event severely dented the independence of the judiciary in Malaysia.
Analysts say the export outlook is tempered somewhat by Asia's currency turmoil.
Analysts say the fall is a buying opportunity for some investors.
Analysts say the field is still wide open, though, and companies are eager to grab market share.
Analysts say the five modules have received a lukewarm reception in the marketplace.
Analysts say the forecast is too ambitious.
Analysts say the government is keen to capitalise on the recent boom in India's software industry.
Analysts say the government sales are another example of gold's diminished cachet.
Analysts say the guarantee is one of the computer industry's most aggressive.
Analysts say the higher education rates are only partly responsible for the higher incomes.
Analysts say the higher number of repayment failure cases have made banks more risk averse.
Analysts say the high-tech incubator has a solid concept. . .
Analysts say the incident dealt a severe blow to the rebel group's image.
Analysts say the incident reveals a split within the new administration over how to deal with China.
Analysts say the influx helped fuel the economy.
Analysts say the key to success lies in good planning and wise investment.
Analysts say the late president's son has a reputation for honesty and modesty.
Analysts say the legal dispute was unprecedented.
Analysts say the list has a conservative, anti-civil rights bent.
Analysts say the management change was necessary.
Analysts say the market for neugents is practically boundless.
Analysts say the market has been cheered by hopes of an interest rate cut.
Analysts say the merger involves an industry that has been struggling of late.
Analysts say the mobile or portable database market is ripe for expansion.
Analysts say the most difficult days lie ahead for the newly independent nation.
Analysts say the most recent slump was caused by continued panic selling among investors.
Analysts say the moves are unlikely to have a long-term impact on the recovery of prices.
Analysts say the nation's labor situation is as good as the numbers look.
Analysts say the new confidence is unlikely to wane no matter who is in power.
Analysts say the new technology is a win-win product.
Analysts say the number of Internet devices is likely to explode in the next few years.
Analysts say the online auction is the perfect way to clear out leftover or excess merchandise.
Analysts say the online trading is popular because of the convenience and lower commissions.
Analysts say the online-retail shakeout in Europe is just beginning.
Analysts say the outcome of the elections therefore seems almost a foregone conclusion.
Analysts say the outcry is likely to sway a significant number of voters.
Analysts say the overall content-delivery market is about to take off.
Analysts say the phone industry giants are likely to prevail.
Analysts say the portal market is overcrowded with technology providers.
Analysts say the potential value of such a service is enormous.
Analysts say the prince's behavior last evening did incalculable damage, politically.
Analysts say the problem is insufficient demand in the economy.
Analysts say the prospect for tough national antismoking legislation has never been better.
Analysts say the quick viewing time can be attributed to Korea's hyper-speed broadband networks.
Analysts say the rate cut comes just in time, as there's an economic storm brewing on the horizon.
Analysts say the recall makes sense for an automaker trying to position itself as consumer-driven.
Analysts say the reduced competition promises even bigger ratings.
Analysts say the relationship makes perfect sense given the two companies' complementary strengths.
Analysts say the remaining eight provinces are likely to follow suit.
Analysts say the restructuring is good for the company.
Analysts say the retention battle is important for several reasons.
Analysts say the rift has deeper roots.
Analysts say the risk perception about banks has heightened in the recent past.
Analysts say the ruling threatens to tip the companies into bankruptcy.
Analysts say the scrutiny is long overdue.
Analysts say the sell-off was an overreaction.
Analysts say the service providers that are supporting both efforts are simply hedging their bets.
Analysts say the services are likely to open new revenue streams for wireless service providers.
Analysts say the shuffle is taking place as the company readies itself for a buyer.
Analysts say the spectrum issue puts some in a better position than others.
Analysts say the speed and virulence of the contagion have stunned markets and policymakers.
Analysts say the speed boost for notebooks is needed in more ways than one.
Analysts say the squeeze has contributed to the spike in world crude oil prices.
Analysts say the state monopoly talks a good game about promoting IP telephony but little gets done.
Analysts say the store was simply too big to succeed.
Analysts say the survey suggests the hypocrisy of some opponents of school vouchers.
Analysts say the systems are going to change the way people watch television.
Analysts say the tech industry is more diversified and therefore more resilient now.
Analysts say the thousands of agents who left the services maintain an old-boy network.
Analysts say the timing of the disclosure on Libya's attempt to gain missile parts is significant.
Analysts say the toll company's future earnings stream is strong enough to service the obligations.
Analysts say the tools are needed, but obstacles exist.
Analysts say the two companies are going their separate ways.
Analysts say the United States has no choice but to continue the missions.
Analysts say the unresolved presidential election has contributed to the economic uncertainty.
Analysts say the use of mobile technology in supply chain applications is only now gaining steam.
Analysts say the vertical approach is a good one.
Analysts say the visit can only be a confidence-building mission.
Analysts say the war bears the attributes of a family feud with a poisonous past.
Analysts say the women's vote is essential to the Texas governor's campaign.
Analysts say their population is only now starting to recover.
Analysts say there are a number of challenges ahead for broadband providers.
Analysts say there are fears of a new wave of bankruptcies in the private banking sector.
Analysts say there are no easy answers.
Analysts say there are no obvious candidates to make a rival offer.
Analysts say there is a lot more coming soon.
Analysts say there is still much horse-trading to be done before a final budget is ready.
Analysts say there's no way the prolonged financial chill can avoid hurting online sales.
Analysts say they also are unclear on the near-term future of thin clients.
Analysts say they are a big step up from what is now available but there are still limitations.
Analysts say they are disbursing slightly more than that.
Analysts say they are one of the few things keeping viewers from defecting to other media sources.
Analysts say they are stuck between a rock and a hard place when it comes to picking a favourite.
Analysts say they can.
Analysts say they expect more collaboration between the two companies.
Analysts say they expect the overall results to meet or exceed company forecasts.
Analysts say they see no long-term rebound for techs anytime soon.
Analysts say they'll soon be tracking Linux-based personal digital assistants for the first time.
Analysts say they're besieged by questions from nervous clients.
Analysts say they're on track.
Analysts say Tokyo urgently needs to develop a foreign worker policy.
Analysts say tourism is already South Africa's biggest source of foreign exchange after mining.
Analysts say uncertainty over interest rates has investors a bit off-balance.
Analysts say Vietnam's window of opportunity is getting smaller.
Analysts say yes if costs are kept low.
Analysts say yes.
Analysts say, Nepal offers ripe conditions for extreme left-wing movements to flourish.
Analysts scoff at the thought.
Analysts see a big potential for the tie-up.
Analysts see a huge boom in the making.
Analysts see a huge potential in the local market.
Analysts see a rebound for Cisco.
Analysts see an upside and a downside to television's new interest in religion.
Analysts see dark days ahead.
Analysts see enormous growth potential with the internet.
Analysts see executive ownership as a sign of faith in a company.
Analysts see govt maintaining economic policy.
Analysts see high staff expenses as yet another problem facing state-run banks.
Analysts see it as a bellwether of the economy, and mortgage rates hew closely to it.
Analysts see little sign jobs are anything but plentiful.
Analysts see little that the central bank can do, however.
Analysts see long-term benefits for most companies.
Analysts see more turmoil.
Analysts see no end to the skills crunch.
Analysts see no immediate prospect of any respite from the strength of the pound.
Analysts see revenue potential in the connectivity.
Analysts see several trends that suggest it can.
Analysts see some advantages in such a course.
Analysts see the alliance as a marriage of necessity.
Analysts see the bond as a turning point.
Analysts see the general as a political moderate who supports economic reforms.
Analysts see the government's asking price as high.
Analysts see the lease as a cost-effective solution to a capacity shortage.
Analysts see the United States headed for a dramatic slowdown in growth because of troubles in Asia.
Analysts seem clueless.
Analysts seem generally pleased with the enhancements.
Analysts seem keen to hit the techs again with another round of downgrades.
Analysts seem to agree.
Analysts seem to approve of the direction the company is taking.
Analysts seem to concur.
Analysts seem to expect huge growth in the market as a whole.
Analysts share a similar viewpoint.
Analysts simply model the information to their own specifications.
Analysts solve the problems of adapting computer hardware and software to meet end-users needs.
Analysts sound off on the market's prospects.
Analysts speculate that Iran is at least seven years away from acquiring nuclear weaponry.
Analysts spend less time hunting and gathering data and more time analyzing it.
Analysts spend less time hunting and gathering for data and more time analyzing it.
Analysts spend much of their time ferreting out negative information about companies.
Analysts sputter that it's . . .
Analysts still adjust their views after conference calls, though.
Analysts still perform research.
Analysts still predict more of the same type of activity going forward.
Analysts still recommend a strong buy.
Analysts still say the company is strong.
Analysts stop there.
Analysts study the data to evaluate the financial status of the companies.
Analysts suggest investors consider safe harbors.
Analysts suggest the party's elite has lost touch with electorate and needs to regroup.
Analysts supervise interviewers while they are gathering data.
Analysts support the cautious strategy.
Analysts sure think so.
Analysts take a middle view on the merger.
Analysts talk about lower deferred revenue and other warning signs.
Analysts tend to agree.
Analysts then work with the programmers to remove errors from the system.
Analysts there fall into three broad camps when they discuss the South's strategy toward the North.
Analysts think it's just a case of investors warming to the cause.
Analysts think of stock market data in terms of coverage, timeliness and quality.
Analysts think that's more than enough time for Exodus to catch up.
Analysts think that's unlikely.
Analysts think the same trend is showing up on the Web.
Analysts think there are more good times immediately ahead for casino stocks.
Analysts trace the origins to the crisis in Asia to the Chinese and Japanese currency de-valuations.
Analysts treat it with kid gloves and seem reluctant to demonstrate an outright refuatation.
Analysts try to translate profit figures into cash flow estimates.
Analysts typically have backgrounds in economics, health policy, public health, or medicine.
Analysts typically hold advanced degrees in economics, public policy or a related field.
Analysts typically like to hear that a company's comps are rising each period.
Analysts typically look to corporate bonds, but historical data on bonds are fairly limited.
Analysts typically rely on a replacement rate determined at the specific moment of retirement.
Analysts typically work on deal teams with two or three senior bankers.
Analysts undergo a formal documented training program with regular competency checks.
Analysts understand the areas of competence of related professionals.
Analysts update daily.
Analysts use a software utility to keep track of what they find.
Analysts use a variety of sources to estimate tritium numbers.
Analysts use both geometry and mathematics.
Analysts use CASE tools to abstract the logical structure of a system.
Analysts use observation only techniques .
Analysts use the results of their research to produce a diverse range of reports.
Analysts use the role map to understand the interaction of the various roles.
Analysts use the soybean stocks reports as a check on the previous year's crop estimate.
Analysts use the system to create extracts from clinical data to use in reporting and analysis.
Analysts utilize a flow diagram or decision tree.
Analysts view the chain as ripe for the picking by a bigger company with deeper pockets.
Analysts view the deal as a harbinger of future mergers.
Analysts view wireless LANs as a supplement to traditional LANs.
Analysts warn against taking a defeatist attitude.
Analysts warn that China's judicial system remains largely a political tool.
Analysts warn that even higher prices are possible.
Analysts warn that it's e-business or no business in the digital economy.
Analysts warn that time is running out.
Analysts warn, however, that sophisticated location-based services are a while away.
Analysts watching the hunt for better ways to improve performance see a trend emerging.
Analysts weigh in on Web retailer.
Analysts weigh in with some tips for how to hold on to it.
Analysts welcome the pact as historic in an industry that is traditionally protective.
Analysts Welcome to the leading investment forum in the Washington, DC, area.
Analysts widely expect softness in U.S. auto sales to continue at least into midyear.
Analysts wonder how that can be.
Analysts wonder why.
Analysts work closely with clients and perform financial modeling and valuation analyses.
Analysts work directly with the user community on a broad range of information systems problems.
Analysts work generally involves creative and technological support in client and firm matters.
Analysts work to understand the needs of people in an organization.
Analysts work with decision makers to develop value models.
Analysts work within global sectors.
Analysts worry that nothing exciting is coming.
Analysts worry that pension gains smack of cookie-jar accounting.
Analysts worry that the devil is in the details.
Analysts write the coefficients in the other order because they think they're all power series.
Analysts frequently speak at meetings of professional associations.
Analysts often ask management about employee turnover and recruitment programs.
Analysts often cite intermarket relationships when touting a market s prospects.
Analysts often consider such firms bad investments.
Analysts often do interpret information differently.
Analysts often employ simplifying assumptions regarding response strategies.
Analysts often invest for their personal accounts in the same companies they follow.
Analysts often make optimistic earnings predictions at the beginning of the quarter.
Analysts often use cash flow as a litmus test for earnings quality.
Analysts often use different terms to describe similar measures.
Analysts often work in teams in order to maximize creativity and balance workloads.
Analysts often work many hours under tight deadlines.
Analysts sometimes use a more complicated value for beta, that grows with a company's debt level.
Analysts usually know the principal academic experts in their specialist field.
Analysts usually rate stocks as buy, hold or sell.
Analysts usually sit at a desk and work with a computer in a general office atmosphere.
All analysts do essentially the same exciting work no matter which market unit they join.
All analysts now agree that the increase in the cost of oil was a factor.
All analysts provide forecasts.
All analysts seem to miss that important point.
Every analyst is agreed that whatever the government has touched, it has ruined.
Many analysts agree the major techs have passed their low point.
Many analysts also contribute to the supervision of other mental health professionals.
Many analysts also note that customers often have unrealistic expectations of their web integrator.
Many analysts apparently take it for granted that global inequality is falling.
Many analysts are also lukewarm on marriage penalty relief.
Many analysts are seriously concerned about a Japanese debt trap.
Many analysts are skeptical of such a laissez-faire approach, however.
Many analysts are skeptical, but stay tuned.
Many analysts are unclear where the company can go from here.
Many analysts are wary.
Many analysts argue a more subtle point against Michigan's current debt policy.
Many analysts argue that microbillers face a steep climb towards that goal.
Many analysts argue the dot-coms' boom and bust was inevitable.
Many analysts attribute job cuts to market forces.
Many analysts begin their careers as programmers.
Many analysts believe a future military conflict is brewing.
Many analysts believe pledges to triple trade between the two countries are mere wishful thinking.
Many analysts believe such factors reduce the inflationary impact of rapid growth.
Many analysts believe that other blue chips are undervalued and due for a runup.
Many analysts believe that some Latin American currencies are overvalued.
Many analysts believe that the plan is too little, too late.
Many analysts believe the current coalition has moved in the right direction with proposed reforms.
Many analysts believe the economy is in a recession now.
Many analysts believe the prospects for a severe bear market are on the rise.
Many analysts believe the unprecedented boom is a full-scale historic and social transformation.
Many analysts bifurcate the discussions into two periods.
Many analysts consider Colombia's army to be the best small war and peacekeeping force in the world.
Many analysts contend that GLCs are capitalized far too much.
Many analysts continue to measure an economy that no longer exists.
Many analysts do look at current earnings and attempt to value business solely on that number.
Many analysts enter the occupation with several years of work experience.
Many analysts exclude, from family wealth, things like cars, home equity, and private pensions.
Many analysts expect corporations to be the first customers to adopt wireless Internet services.
Many analysts expect further rate cuts later as growth continues to slow.
Many analysts expect it to rise another eight to nine percent before the end of the year.
Many analysts expect productivity to rebound as the economy recovers.
Many analysts expect sales to look sluggish compared with the blazing pace set a year earlier.
Many analysts expect stocks to continue trading sideways or within their range.
Many analysts expect the talks to expand into a full-scale negotiation.
Many analysts express increased concern about impending labor shortages.
Many analysts feel that labor shortages throughout the state are holding back business expansions.
Many analysts feel that telecom stocks are now good buys again.
Many analysts feel the same way.
Many analysts foresee a continued drilling boom ahead.
Many analysts give Slovenia and Slovakia the best chances of receiving invitations next year.
Many analysts have doubts.
Many analysts here say Western governments deserve some of the blame.
Many analysts here think something big has to happen to break the current deadlock.
Many analysts look at a few key issues.
Many analysts make the link between high oil prices and global recession.
Many analysts misread the whole Great Lakes region problems.
Many analysts now say that growing sales are an important tool for predicting good performance.
Many analysts point out that crude oil prices have held steady for months.
Many analysts predict continued turmoil.
Many analysts predict more modest changes.
Many analysts prefer to track a four week moving average which is a bit less erratic.
Many analysts question the wisdom of management's strategy to diversify downstream.
Many analysts remain doubtful about the program's prospects.
Many analysts remain skeptical of the Internet appliance market, however.
Many analysts say a shakeout looms.
Many analysts say it is weaker hospitals that are being dropped.
Many analysts say mistakes are inevitable as Russia moves ahead toward a market economy.
Many analysts say no.
Many analysts say Papua New Guinea is in danger of political and economic collapse.
Many analysts say that the role of the fast-growing software industry is underrepresented.
Many analysts say the dip has finally brought buyers back into the market.
Many analysts say the overall global economic improvement is due in part to American prosperity.
Many analysts say the seeds of a recovery are taking root.
Many analysts say they have deteriorated in the past few years.
Many analysts say yes, at least for the next few months.
Many analysts see a greater possibility of change at the local level.
Many analysts see a massive consolidation on the horizon.
Many analysts see American agriculture standing on the threshold of a new era.
Many analysts see complications ahead.
Many analysts see the recent turmoil as a temporary blip on an otherwise clear radar screen.
Many analysts share that view.
Many analysts shrug.
Many analysts speak of the decline of parties and the increasing importance of interest groups.
Many analysts suggest at least a slowing in the state's economy.
Many analysts sum up today's speedy downturn as the mirror image of the earlier ascent.
Many analysts think it's poised to move higher.
Many analysts think manufacturing already is in a recession.
Many analysts think so.
Many analysts think the rouble is still undervalued in fact.
Many analysts think the trend is just beginning.
Many analysts think the whole idea was crazy.
Many analysts tip Vietnam as Asia's next economic success story.
Many analysts use cash flow to predict the strength of future earnings.
Many analysts use the moving average in order to determine the direction of the trend.
Many analysts view trends in the order rate as harbingers of future production levels.
Many analysts wear multiple hats.
Most analyst expect the sector to continue to shed jobs.
Most analysts achieve conversational currency with their firms.
Most analysts agree that a Chinese invasion is unlikely in the near future.
Most analysts agree that in the short term, such a target appears achievable.
Most analysts agree that it has enjoyed impressive success.
Most analysts agree that neither candidate delivers a knock-out blow or emerges as a clear winner.
Most analysts agree that pride is also a factor, especially in Saudi Arabia.
Most analysts agree that Taipei agreed to the talks under pressure from the United States.
Most analysts agree that the benefits of the merger greatly outweigh the costs.
Most analysts agree that the peak of the shortage is yet to come.
Most analysts agree that the U.S. economy is slowing.
Most analysts agree the Web only has room for four or five top portals.
Most analysts agree with the government figure.
Most analysts agree, but it is the short term that is the immediate concern.
Most analysts also forecast earnings for one and two years ahead.
Most analysts are at a loss.
Most analysts are medically qualified, but there are some lay analysts.
Most analysts assert that our economy has entered the knowledge era.
Most analysts begin over a continental area and proceed to later cover the adjacent ocean.
Most analysts believe it can.
Most analysts believe it to be a missile on par with early versions of the Magic.
Most analysts believe lack of transparency and poor regulation contributed to the crises.
Most analysts believe the curbs are destined, eventually, to become a relic of Thailand's past.
Most analysts believe the prime minister can survive for the time being.
Most analysts believe the technology shows great promise.
Most analysts believe the U.S. economy is slowing.
Most analysts blame uncertainty in the crude market.
Most analysts call that realistic.
Most analysts concern themselves with effects on cell membranes and intracellular membranes.
Most analysts consider alternative fuels a highly promising idea.
Most analysts consider themselves lucky if they have data on either.
Most analysts continue to refer to it as the post-Cold War period.
Most analysts doubt such a large hike is on the cards.
Most analysts expect any changes to be more of style than substance.
Most analysts expect businesses to use several kinds of mobile devices and applications.
Most analysts expect long-term rates to fall further given the weakness in the economy.
Most analysts expect more surprises during the rest of the year.
Most analysts expect rapid growth in the volume of business transactions flowing over the Internet.
Most analysts expect the islanders to reject the U.S. military.
Most analysts expect the practice to spread.
Most analysts expect unemployment to stay low nationwide.
Most analysts have a herd mentality.
Most analysts have a hold rating on the stock.
Most analysts have forty-five minute sessions.
Most analysts merely assert that government money is net wealth.
Most analysts point to the cost and complexity of personal computers as the reason.
Most analysts predict healthy growth for online sales, especially as security issues are addressed.
Most analysts predict healthy growth for online sales.
Most analysts predict more consolidation to come.
Most analysts predict the latter.
Most analysts rate the company a strong or moderate buy.
Most analysts recommend companies that also have interests in a variety of industries.
Most analysts regard Cisco's track record on acquisitions as strong.
Most analysts rule out a quiet exit.
Most analysts say it is still best to wait.
Most analysts say it was a factor in stocks' big sell-off last week.
Most analysts say no.
Most analysts say the similarities between the proposed standards outweigh any differences.
Most analysts say they expect spending on oil services to continue to fall.
Most analysts say yes.
Most analysts see digital signatures as a vital part of any widescale adoption of e-commerce.
Most analysts see further advances coming soon.
Most analysts see it differently.
Most analysts see more than bluster.
Most analysts see several factors in that breakdown.
Most analysts seem to agree.
Most analysts specialize in a single industry or business sector.
Most analysts still expect some forward movement, despite last week's hunkering down.
Most analysts still see the race as very fluid.
Most analysts talk of the Indian software sector in terms of positives.
Most analysts think so.
Most analysts think the odds are against the company becoming one of the sector's top players.
Most analysts think they won t get it.
Most analysts treat demand as static and attempt to forecast prices based on supply factors alone.
Most analysts use pretty much of the same data that can be found on the internet to study companies.
Most analysts use the average the two values in the absence of more detailed information.
Some analyst believe that XML has a very bright future as a straightforward data format.
Some analyst say the company has more problems than their sales to dot coms.
Some analysts actually believe the pace has slowed down.
Some analysts advise their clients to invest in trees as readily as they invest in stocks and bonds.
Some analysts advocate the use of free cash flows in lieu of earnings.
Some analysts agree that security concerns remain.
Some analysts agree that there needs to be a new system for selling music online.
Some analysts agree.
Some analysts also argue that culture plays a role in growth.
Some analysts also foresee a shakeout among ASPs.
Some analysts also have pagers if the is an emergency such as an oil spill.
Some analysts are anti-market no matter what.
Some analysts are buoyantly bullish, some are bearish with blighted hope.
Some analysts are cautious.
Some analysts are enthusiastic about the market prospects for WebTVs.
Some analysts are hopeful.
Some analysts are more blunt.
Some analysts are more optimistic.
Some analysts are optimistic.
Some analysts are skeptical about a continued boom.
Some analysts are skeptical, saying that such virtual characters are merely marketing stunts.
Some analysts are skeptical, though, of the consumer appeal of home networks.
Some analysts are skeptical.
Some analysts are sure the end of the diplomatic road has already been reached.
Some analysts are surprised how energy intensive the high-technology sector is proving to be.
Some analysts argue that very liquid markets encourage investor myopia.
Some analysts attribute that to rising interest rates.
Some analysts believe affiliate marketing is the next big online marketing model.
Some analysts believe clickthroughs are the holy grail of Web publishing.
Some analysts believe output actually shrank in the first quarter.
Some analysts believe that gender influences policy attitudes.
Some analysts believe that investing in sector funds contradicts the purpose of a mutual fund.
Some analysts believe that Islamic militants are testing the reaction of the Kyrgyz authorities.
Some analysts believe that many others have come up with too little too late.
Some analysts believe that the land strategy is backfiring.
Some analysts believe that the tea market is too narrow to catch on the way coffee has.
Some analysts believe that the timing of the bill had much to do with it.
Some analysts believe that's precisely the way China wants it.
Some analysts believe the drug sector is merely weathering a seasonal slump.
Some analysts believe the hypothesis comes first, then the data search to build a good database.
Some analysts believe the market has hit bottom.
Some analysts believe the market is grossly undervalued.
Some analysts believe the market is on the verge of a downturn.
Some analysts believe the outlook for titanium is good.
Some analysts believe the overall market continues to expand despite the high-profile stumbles.
Some analysts believe the price war has already started due to the competition.
Some analysts believe the promise is finally closer to reality.
Some analysts believe the ratings are at least justified.
Some analysts believe the tech run-up was caused more by excess cash than any fundamental news.
Some analysts believe the worst has already passed.
Some analysts believe the worst is over for Malaysian plantation stocks.
Some analysts believe there have been other, unnoticed, attacks in the United States.
Some analysts believethe only real threat is from agents provocateur out to discreditthe opposition.
Some analysts blame a spike in the number of motorcycle-related deaths.
Some analysts blame the difficulties of that integration for lackluster results of late.
Some analysts cite per-play online games as a potential micropayment killer application.
Some analysts claim it is a strategy against asset deflation.
Some analysts contend that final-offer arbitration is more effective than conventional arbitration.
Some analysts continue to resist the pressure to jump in.
Some analysts criticize both plans for their failure to help the poorest students.
Some analysts develop advanced computer skills in other occupations.
Some analysts devote themselves to deducing the intentions of foreign governments.
Some analysts differ.
Some analysts disagree with that premise, though.
Some analysts dismiss China's opening up as a tactical expedient masking a much darker strategy.
Some analysts dismiss it as a minor nuisance.
Some analysts do attribute the strength of sterling to the company's misfortunes.
Some analysts do see potential pluses in allowing more media concentration and cross ownership.
Some analysts don t think so.
Some analysts doubt the effectiveness of arguments for local control.
Some analysts emphasize the tendency of BSPs to solve business problems or add business value.
Some analysts estimate that more than a million passwords have already been stolen.
Some analysts estimate that their intervention capability is only a tenth of the American one.
Some analysts even add an embryonic stage before introduction.
Some analysts even apply indicators to the price relative in an attempt to identify changes.
Some analysts expect a date to be announced next month.
Some analysts expect further cuts later in the year.
Some analysts expect Singapore's export volume to contract some, but less than last year.
Some analysts expect that trend to continue.
Some analysts expect the Asian-American vote to get more conservative.
Some analysts expect the euro to continue to fall in the months ahead.
Some analysts expect the housing boom to soon peak, because mortgage rates have been rising.
Some analysts expect the market to pick up during the last half of the year.
Some analysts expect the numbers to show a decline from recent highs.
Some analysts extend the hierarchy to show a further dependence on physical security.
Some analysts fear that tech investors are being intentionally misled by inflated financial reports.
Some analysts feel that a bottom has been reached for the industrials.
Some analysts feel that the euro's problems are in part the result of political factors.
Some analysts feel that the jukebox market has already peaked.
Some analysts figure it to take two years or more.
Some analysts foresee food shortages and war if water-use trends continue.
Some analysts have a great deal of professional autonomy, while others are more closely supervised.
Some analysts have a range of fees.
Some analysts have another view.
Some analysts have even lower expectations for Net ad sales.
Some analysts imply that the firm faces eventual liquidation.
Some analysts judge the size of undercapitalized outlays as quite large.
Some analysts lament the long-term trend.
Some analysts look at the problem differently.
Some analysts now believe a recovery is imminent, at least for Taiwan stocks.
Some analysts now expect the company to sell or spin off the engineering and construction business.
Some analysts now see bargains.
Some analysts now view both the Democratic and Republican contests to be quite close.
Some analysts paint a more frightening scenario.
Some analysts point out that consumption taxes have certain advantages.
Some analysts point out that part of the problem relates to timing.
Some analysts point to a normal cyclical upswing.
Some analysts point to the large budget surplus as a rationale for lowering taxes.
Some analysts point to the relatively lax security at the ambassador's residence.
Some analysts predict a higher growth in the hosting services market.
Some analysts predict an almost fourfold increase in capital markets.
Some analysts predict high summer gas prices because of a recent court ruling.
Some analysts predict slowing sales.
Some analysts predict that fiber optics are about to assume a comparably important role in sensing.
Some analysts prefer to be briefed with a succinct telephone call.
Some analysts profess to see a revolutionary development here, but qualifications are in order.
Some analysts question how fast the new businesses are actually growing.
Some analysts question that boast.
Some analysts question whether the company can survive the year without getting bought out.
Some analysts refuse to believe that Palestinian violence is currently a real threat.
Some analysts regard the use of derivatives in hedging cash positions as risk management.
Some analysts rely on the frequency of drug use to define dependence or abuse.
Some analysts remain skeptical.
Some analysts remain unimpressed, however.
Some analysts remain unrepentant defenders of their views on tech stocks.
Some analysts report that it's even worse.
Some analysts say an analysis of wages is limited.
Some analysts say as many as half of all pregnancies end in abortion.
Some analysts say Asia's economic recovery is far too slow.
Some analysts say downturns wreak havoc on the entry-luxury segment.
Some analysts say each manufacturing job creates three other jobs to support it.
Some analysts say eight seconds, others say as little as three or four.
Some analysts say enterprise customers simply want their carriers to stop violating their trust.
Some analysts say it has only limited use.
Some analysts say it was out of fear.
Some analysts say it's finally time to buy.
Some analysts say it's only a matter of time before the situation turns explosive.
Some analysts say it's our own fault.
Some analysts say Japan's refusal to revise the text reflects rising nationalism.
Some analysts say many international buyers postponed spring bean purchases to the new crop.
Some analysts say more bloodshed is on the way.
Some analysts say most of the orchards and vineyards in eastern Georgia have been wiped out.
Some analysts say no.
Some analysts say now is the time to mend fences.
Some analysts say production shortfalls are to blame for the price hikes.
Some analysts say tech stocks look cheap, given the past year's falls.
Some analysts say that argument still holds.
Some analysts say that buying consulting from systems vendors is a bad idea.
Some analysts say that contentment has made voters more complacent.
Some analysts say that Livermore managed it too cautiously.
Some analysts say that the quality of portals have suffered as a result of the drive to turn profit.
Some analysts say that the tax benefits of home ownership are minimal.
Some analysts say that's because there's a lag between a market plunge and a spending response.
Some analysts say the downturn for Australia is already starting to bite.
Some analysts say the economy is beginning to list slightly.
Some analysts say the economy is near a peak and are predicting that auto sales can only fall.
Some analysts say the high court is merely following the lead of the rest of the country.
Some analysts say the price still has far to go.
Some analysts say the retail business is starting to sink while others kind of like the smell.
Some analysts say there are also unresolved quality issues.
Some analysts say there's bad blood between the two families.
Some analysts say thevalue of the sale remains uncertain until the government releases more details.
Some analysts say they believe it's a combination of anxiety and greed.
Some analysts say they expect that chip to make a much greater impression on picky buyers.
Some analysts say yes.
Some analysts see brighter prospects.
Some analysts see consolidation ahead in the services business.
Some analysts see desktop computers fading away, at least in homes.
Some analysts see evidence that the army is trying to dilute Islamic influences.
