I forgot how funny this guy is.
Africa is a continent not a country baby Well it is full of African Americans Holy lol.
Friend of mine and I are sitting here just laughing our off at the preview and get to this bit of the trailer still laughing.
Look over and these two black women stand up grab their and walk out.
I forgot how funny this guy is.
Africa is a continent not a country baby Well it is full of African Americans Holy lol.
Friend of mine and I are sitting here just laughing our off at the preview and get to this bit of the trailer still laughing.
Look over and these two black women stand up grab their and walk out.
Ah where's Peter Griffin.
Little dude chilling with the teens keeping his together better than they are.
Randy and Lahey to the off department.
I'm only 34 but I feel like a grumpy boomer dealing with them sometimes thinking what the is wrong with your generation.
that's an old Playboy.
I always lube up before doing my taxes since I'm getting ed in the .
He'll if she is that wet at 73 girl.
At least you know your neighbor won’t with your mail.
Imagine that lady opening the box and it has Water in it.
Holy is that the same four seasons from the Giuliani press conference.
those genes 73 and doesn't need lube.
That's the sharp shooter .
There are others like the runs with a big fart is the shotgun .
All the other comments are zuccing the out of you.
I think it can also be a play on 'the succ' ie getting your sucked.
I was holding my arm out with my phone struggling to get the shot with my wife and kid with the tree and this guy ran up to us like a boss and grabbed my phone as he was backing up I said turn the camera around and he snapped back I know how to do it.
this is some my uncle would do and this guy could be his brother.
Knew that was dragon tales the minute I say that drawing.
let's see your drawing.
that I do not and only fart.
I get why it does 1d4 psychic damage now.
Oh I think I just lost Whamageddon on December 3.
But crying about it for a whole year is unhealthy.
I ain't calling her a I'm calling her my .
if i call her a it's cause she my and as long as no one else calls her a then there won't be no probalems.
I'm still getting her and Naomi Klein mixed up.
There are several types of eucalyptus trees and if they are raised on one type it’s near impossible to get them to eat a type that is different.
God that is one hell of a *whoosh* The proper next line is.
breathing reading pushing a .
I can honestly say I have done stupid like this.
They would both be warm like him if they put their pants on.
Won't he get his kicked if he had explained it properly.
He ate some real quick.
Like he looked up eating in the dictionary and was like well I'll done of those.
It’s almost like they get into it to figure their own out.
Not to say there aren't therapists who haven't gone through and go on to be great mental health professionals but many don't get all the way there due to their bias being altered by their experiences.
And that sort of .
I felt bad for her but what the am I supposed to do in that situation where my therapist is crying about a bad relationship she'd had and the depression that it caused.
That would imply that they’re interested in fixing their .
Just to let you know we're gonna need to take a .
I ask because I had a platoon sergeant who insisted that drinking a cold glof water first thing in the morning gets the pipes flowing and even though I thought he was full of when he said it I find there’s some truth to it—or at least it seems like I’m more productive in the mornings if I can wait until after I’ve drank something.
Upset stomach but can’t .
Times where you go from Everything’s ok straight to You got 10 seconds to find a toilet before you yourself in a matter of moments.
Those deep bone itches.
Its like let me off this ride I dont even want to be on.
If I died tomorrow I’d honestly could not give a anymore.
It was a combo of low potium and a load of anxiety because I'd lost like three family members within a few months.
I'm not meaning this in a boomer-style opinion but sometimes you gotta work through in life or just earn something.
My sister is a teacher and every Christmas I just buy her a ton of supplies for her clroom.
We copied the out of it and drank there for free for nearly a year until we both got banned for life.
Me and my buddies ate a chicken sandwich near every single day of senior year.
As someone who was a to their brother growing up the ending of that episode always gets a tear out of me.
I ain’t ever pulled pork to no Guam merpuss.
Everybody who told the Mongol Empire to go themselves instead of just handing over the keys.
that’s good money how long was the video.
study the dictionary 9 hours a day and just chat random .
Apparently it was funny with squadies (UK privates) to in the helmet of a disliked person.
Carried on to one night stands where to shag in her handbag and run was an achievement.
That’s some funny lol.
He wouldn't try it once it would be you'd stop him everything would be back to normal and a few minutes later someone would say where's so and so and yep back in the kitchen oven door open pants at his ankles trying to poop in the oven.
They aired all kinds of weird stories.
A bunch of that can't actually be achieved at all irl.
And for guys the best way I can describe cervical dilation is to imagine you're clenching your hole shut as tight as you can while someone is trying to shove their fist through it from the inside.
) It looks like some sci-fi lovecraftian body horror .
I never ing want to go through child birth ever the again.
I'll also yell at you for looking at your phone instead of cleaning the counter for the 10th time this hour Like mate go the home l no one likes you.
Taylor Swift's love life Love her music don't give the slightest who she's dating or what football game she went to.
Jimmy Hoffa had the right idea when he told RFK you and your scumbag brother in the White House.
And not just watch but be dragged into and through the same over and over again.
Now imagine the amount of going down if someone can't fight back like e.
What the is wrong with people.
And when he turned up he had a towel.
They were the only ones who would come out and give us about skating there.
The workers of the store gave us some so we decided to get payback.
Oh - yeah glad you got off easy.
we abused the out of that.
hit the fan one day.
Then WHAM the girl eats .
I stop to look at her in the moonlight.
The guy laughs his off and takes me an hour back home where upon arrival I see my brother and a friend in the front yard w bunch of parents getting chastised for the tomfoolery.
Decided to call an hole cop out over his behavior.
Ended my words towards him with a you as I drove away and turned a corner.
According to him it’s some sort of ault or something to say you to a cop.
DR Said you to a cop and he tried to arrest me for ault.
I ran in the middle of a corn field drunk off my .
It's very easy to find the time for social and leisure activity when someone else is taking care of all of the mundane for you.
When traveling with a group doing that on the first night is a great idea since everyone can settle into the house and have someone else cook a bomb meal for you.
That and maybe a walk in fridge and freezer too so everything is easier to see and find because I always lose stuff in the back of the fridge and they're so hard to clean.
I feel like an hole and I'm always worried she hates me but it's still worth it.
i didnt realise that the act of driving is some peasant til i met them.
I thought he was the laborer of some other trade but he was friendly so we just kinda started talking about life and .
Of course he flew to the ranch on his PJ while we got there dragging in economy clwith 12 hours of delays.
Then they either have to use them or outright say no I'm choosing to listen without headphones in a shared office space because I'm an inconsiderate .
I am doing a service to society by not letting that fly.
Speakerphone conversations - off.
Blocking doorways blocking pathways blocking access to amenities driving 10 miles under the speed limit in the ping lane driving 20 miles over in any lane (slow the down you are not important enough to be endangering everyone else on the road) being loud as in a movie theater not having your together by the time you get to the front of TSA etc.
You are not the main character get the out of everyone’s way.
Not only are you in a public space but a space where everyone specifically paid money to sit in the dark and not see your phone.
Holy the way competency turns me on is insane.
Skin soaked in water haaa .
I'm a Christian and believe I'll see her again but I'm still mad that she didn't get to live a full life.
Sixty-twenty The is with that.
Umm Ben Linus from lost Agent Cooper Shahalub from Twin Peaks Dune and that fun dude from Severance in a Fallout story.
it looks really good.
I'm selling from my apartment online and I'll sell stuff as cheap as $1.
They do not around.
ing most disgusting KFC I've ever been to stray cats everywhere in the parking lot employees don't give a about anything and the food is disgusting (And I genuinely like a clean kfcs food).
Yeah no if your mom shows up at your job and starts causing a scene you'll get fired.
en keeping your co-writer in the dark and then using him as a scapegoat is some of the most morally bankrupt I’ve ever seen.
But god I can't support him since in the back of my head I'll always know he wants me dead for existing.
Like for 's sake sometimes just finding parking to my favorite bar takes more than 15 minutes lol.
How braindead do you have to be to believe that .
I'm just like dope if I could walk to work in 15 mins sign me up cars they're a nightmare.
How the can anyone listen to this narrator.
Ah I haven't watched Gen V.
Saying I downplay it if you read it you should be thinking oooooh .
If that's how you're going to present a 50 minute report about a very serious allegation and investigation then you should off.
Choosing beggars type of .
But MrBeast totally gave money to one person one time and thus has to be a good person which is why he’s so rich and not at all a hoarding piece of .
Since I guess it involves this bag I guess not though.
This feels like a witch hunt for views under the guise of journalism  Like anyone with half a ing brain would instantly understand that the reason Jirard hasn't made a statement is because his lawyer told him to shut the up not make even public statement or comment.
Like Jirard absolutely ed up here will have to answer for.
He uses the same tone of voice one would use when telling the waiter they got a Diet Coke instead of a coke while describing to one hooker how another hooker chewed up his and robbed him.
What the is this for channel and why are people watching this.
bro accts like he's never picked up a pro like the .
Like wtf he's so god difficult I'm glad this mark got robbed.
Dude is annoying as .
The sound of a solid bug getting a good whack is just so unbelievably satisfying lmao.
Holy that was an oddly fascinating video that I ended up watching the whole thing.
I'm not deny he had an impact my entire point is that he's a comedian because he is not at all funny.
What the is your sophisticated comedy opinion built on if quesiton number one isn't is this funny.
and this movie was nearly unwatchable.
That movie isn’t quite as beloved as the first one but god it has some really good gags.
It's a testament to how good it is that I never got sick of it.
The problem with coming out with this so soon is that there’s never anything new because it’s so fresh in my mind.
making movies/tv about these kinds of people.
There is supposedly a Trump thing starring Sebastian Stan the Winter Soldier but ing that don't give that orange turd more attention.
Perfect movie or movie.
Kind of gross that this grifter con man lying is getting a movie made about him.
I’d prefer to forget this sack of but ok.
Please 🙏 no movies of this idiot  Someone pull the funding for this show.
this is a unexpected good surprise.
God comedy rolls go straight to my hips.
I get the whole movie is unrealistic but since 2014 Godzilla it's like the humans just got alien tech with antigravity ships and .
30 he’s manually manipulating a vocoder and is talking about it while sounding like a robot.
You gave me hope that there is material to work with but still I have a really bad feeling they are going to the bed on this one.
But I’m going to willingly be their slave so I can prank the out of them first.
It doesn't really sit right with me that Nic Cage's Ghost Rider gives the Penance Stare to that kid doing typical vagrant teenage and leaves him to relive his sins forever.
And for some reason that goofy-haircut makes him scarier.
Ya and that smile.
Begbie in Trainspotting scares the out of me.
Say what you will about Brie Larson but she can sing her off.
Walked past my kid just yesterday watching this very scene and couldn’t help but to watch the rest… battle gets you easily.
Would you like some making Berserker.
I can't figure out .
But like some other posters I saw this in my teens and didn’t catch until the movie tells you.
Something about the conversation up and down the staircase just made it snap in my head and I was immediately like oh there’s nobody there.
Just after the Big on the screen I made the connection.
Why would Marla randomly this absolute stranger (that’s maybe explainable bc she’s Marla).
Who's gonna watch this .
When I realized years later that it was Fincher I was like yeah that makes sense.
Fincher’s worst films kick .
Pretty sure it’s the former but holy did you nail me.
Later when I was living on my own and maybe slightly less of an hole I saw *Machina* in a bargain bin of CDs picked it up and was surprisingly pleased.
To be fair the people really into ween always play you the weirdest first bc they’re on mushrooms.
I just listened to Baby on my drive home today.
The Marshall Mathers LP is a clic for good reasons.
They're theatrical and kick .
Nostalgic but also I forgot what you music felt like.
Didn't like them at first because this annoying dude at work just would not shut the up about them and how much Molly he took on his days off.
Brand new fresh old .
Youtube pays to musicians and I feel too bad using it all the time.
The good thing about Amazon is that when you cancel your paid subscription (which is a necessity if you want to enjoy it—their free service is a pain in the ) it stays active so you can keep using it for free until it runs out.
Depends on what time it is at the party after 10 that bad boy turns upside down and gets weird.
The does ahhh mean.
Just a way of mimicking when you elongate and it’s pretty old by now not exactly a tick tock invention.
It's almost like this post was and by a person who is often wrong about everything.
Thats one high end Ps1 game with ray tracing and .
like not even trying to be a but I don’t see it at all 🤔.
Reddit doesn't run ads when viewing a NSFW subreddit but foesbt give a if you're viewing content in /r/hot or /r/new since it's a mix of your choice so it's not technically NSFW only content.
u/spez and the power hungry Reddit mods.
/u/spez for doing this to us and reddit in general.
u/spez and his ego.
the admins this is some real horse.
The video are *you* thinking about.
Get away from my usb port you .
That ed me up.
It would be so useful for shaving .
The birds are confused as .
Town changed the bulbs from the soft dull yellow to bright led white.
In any case it's a move.
I actually wrote a whole report on Roman agriculture and broccoli in High school.
Animals literally run towards when they see another animal and then eat it like their life depends on it.
The kind of animals are you around.
Literally the only animal everyone in the world knows eats .
Their own and puke or another dogs.
another animals even.
Yummy they think while they go beserk to run towards it making you almost fall over because of the leash pull and the dog just being on a divine purpose to eat that rotting fish with and puke and maggots and all lmao.
ed up right here.
The designer probably laughed their off picking the business friendly high end coffee art motif.
Do they also say to give the dose and then step way the back.
Even 2 doses ain't .
That’d be some cartoonishly evil .
I saw one today with a random white lady grinning with just the words hope your day is blessed by god I was like who and what TF.
Why figure that out for the label for that shipment (which may be mixed with other shipments) when you can have 1 label and cover your entirely.
During Covid the lead times were close to a year and we rarely got on time.
Sweetwater does that too (they sell music ).
have an older jacket with similar pocket.
that really does.
Take my upvote you .
Always makes getting a hold of them a pain in the .
She would make her caregiver drive her around to a different branch each week just to with the 20 yr old tellers.
Well Santa's a hard mua.
Dude's like a thousand years old you think 20 years means to him.
My cracker eyelids sense the gentle gray of dawn before the sun’s even up.
When i open and close them its bright as .
As a blue eyed person who has night vision I’m not sure what happened.
Apparently near every American vehicle in the 70s and 80s (aside trucks with the rectangular version) used these headlights.
spending over $1000 when there is a $10 alternative.
I think we'll see one LED not functioning because disgruntled people will lose their getting needlessly blinded in parking lots and taking their frustrations out on the car's headlights after the owner finally stops pecking on their phone turns off the car and goes inside the store.
What the is a the pididdle.
Notsure if this is helpful for ya but sometimes smoking and journaling and embracing the feelings helps me process .
Didn't break my toe but I was chasing the cat last night (in play I promise she lives for that ) and she juked me so hard I slid across the carpet and landed on my .
If the state is fine with people starving and dying in the street now they won’t give a about some prisoners down the line when all hell breaks loose.
Hell they don’t give a about prisoners now.
What the ing ing .
If you're in a cave hiding from leopards bears predators in general you'd want to finish as fast as possible cuz you're in an exposed and weakened state during intercourse.
Speak for yourself .
Lol ya dude is full of .
For sake what is going on with this sub.
Cats don't give a they start eating your cheeks before your body turns cold.
grain and insects only  my .
The you mean a chicken is harmless.
Who in THE are you making friends with.
this has the same energy as people who refuse to wash their in the shower because it's gay.
imagine how well they wash their .
My and your toothbrush.
It feels too gay when I suck .
Let me tell you about the subset of men who don’t wipe their because touching their butthole is gay.
Drug blood tastes like to vampires.
Yeah I think quality matters if I remember correctly - it's why vampires are into virgins and .
off with the notifications.
And eaten by a lion would be cool as painful but cool.
Likewise if I'm trying to work out but my brain can't glob together the steps to walk my down to the gym I do pushups on my floor and this somehow jumpstarts my brain.
Start with little-to-no weight and just add a tiny bit more every workout and in a couple of months you'll suddenly go holy lookit my stats.
this brought me down from $150/month to $0.
I dont really give a if you think people use them to case garages or what their reasoning is.
Let them talk about customers while working on the cars without worrying it'll wind up on YouTube.
Nobody gives a about your consent.
Ex was on my spotify plan when she bailed but didn't drop off of her own accord I put parental controls on her .
Spotify pays to the artists.
eBay protects the out of their buyers.
While that is a move I don’t think she was intending on doing me wrong in particular.
I was recently given a CPAP machine in August and holy I was a zombie.
I do everything in my power sometimes to ensure I have NOTHING to do (except my own hobbies on my own schedule) and people coming along making plans can really that up.
They used a crowbar and didn't give a about picking the lock on my house lol.
the only thing that stopped them from entering though the walls or a/c or however the they got in was spraying raid 2x a week around the entire perimeter of my dorm room.
And a dash of cheese.
I was gonna ask today for an lpt for what to do for your butthole after eating raw spicy peppers 🌶️🌶️🌶️.
Just as things were really heating up she said Steve get your out of my .
Utterly shocked he shouts What the do you think you're doing The son shouts back It's not so funny when it's your mum is it.
The did I just read.
They have to remove catheters clean people all sorts of related duties.
But there I am lying in bed all crusty and gross with the tube up my which was inevitably sort of retracted let's just say not at my best and there's a bunch of 20-year-old girls looking with interest and slight awkwardness as this nurse pulls a tube out of my penis.
It's a joke I'm gonna be honest.
Holy a talking bell.
Would you go wash your hands think about it then say it go back to the kitchen and pick your roll up.
pardon my ignorance but is the joke that you’re supposed to shove suppositories up your .
I don’t know what they’re supposed to do but for all the good they did me I may as well have shoved them up my .
Reminds me of the famous quote from the Mayor of Nagasaki when he said What the was that.
Holy you're crazy said Dave and he grabbed his coat and split.
They thought they'd actual change how it looks on the slim.
I love there are people who just hack on stuff and build cool .
Kids love that tastes sweet and is brightly colored and they don't have the ability to make informed decisions.
Obviously this thing has almost no practical use right now due to our current infrastructure but if I were a billionaire I'd absolutely buy one of these to fly myself around and look cool as .
I thought my 5850 was obsolete as when I gave it away out of my backup parts to replace it with the 7870 that was displaced from the primary by a years-old 280X I bought on eBay for $40.
I thought that 280X was obsolete as when I replaced it with a 1080 which felt a bit long in the tooth when it was replaced by a 3080Ti.
My sleepy read it as Sativa.
My gleeby deeby read it as gnop gnarp gnarp.
Same I was about be like sign me the up.
My dyslexic read At-home salvia testing.
's insanely powerful.
The Genoa-X and Bergamo processor families from AMD's EPYC server lineup are pretty bad.
I like how the writes like *I get paid money to buy and report on stupid like this don’t buy it.
once scooted on two scooters and then on my .
Holllly I remember $1k seeming steep $5k ensures literally no one will buy this.
Fuxk no I'm just a lazy .
Now your wife can know exactly where your has been.
everyone’s making the same joke but is chess has taught us anything the true hands free device is the .
I agree with this but going back to a flat screen after this show of curved screen since the S8 is worth it imo.
However replacing your flagship phone (out of pocket) every year is some stupid imo.
Because my dumb bought a Galaxy watch and now I'm stuck with samsung unless I want to throw away my smartwatch.
All the same at this point.
Now this is the I’m talking about.
that Elon musk NeuroLink nonsense.
It’s not a tv in your head or some dumb it’s probably the most positive things he’s ever done.
8 pounds of MDMA is a load.
Who the wants ecstasy in prison.
I had the opposite experience with my xps which cost several grand but performed -all.
I had a dell it was great then I bought a replacement a metabox it was half the price and 10 times better sadly Dell has fallen in quality and reliability.
Time and time again companies lawyers build this in.
Honestly it's an easily byped law China can effectively build out a mive datacenter with previous gen and simply just scale it.
I want a dragon GPU.
That's how you REALLY map .
I thought .
Why is Ron obsessed with California .
This one city has human everywhere.
Having worked in landscaping in Atlanta I can tell you there is way more on city streets than you can imagine.
Holy dude.
You're kind of an hole here.
If he is humble and doesn't think high enough of himself to think he deserves to win or would do the best job the why the is he running in the first place.
LOL ain’t this some .
A persistent lack of curiosity is management-speak for not giving a .
I imagine the encounter of questioning the gentleman on whether he intends to those corpses would go [a little something like this.
It cracks me up when they look at each other and realize that saying they want to the corpse is actually preferable to telling the truth.
It’s a shame Netflix cancelled it instead of finishing the story.
As someone who works in an old hospital our wiring is absolutely screwed.
I worked in a hospital we had frying semi constantly.
Honestly the I could get away with if I was an unethical person…because I know people aren’t attentive.
Crazy that they give more when a dude rapes a corpse than when a woman actually gets raped and reports it to the British police just to get sent off and your case never to be solved.
What the .
I hope the later attempted murderer would’ve their pants in fear.
they actually fell for Australia.
my ex boyfriend and his dad (no teeth) would lose their if i told them this.
Hey Siri find my .
How many people lose housing and such every year because of this .
Remember that same on hold trauma from PUA stuff during the pandemic.
like this is why crime and violent crime is getting so bad.
Brake cleaner does clean the out of your hands though.
Hey man leukemia survivor here don't with solvents seriously.
That’s to hear but I as an idiot.
Holy ing .
Cleans the out of your brain function too.
It's also the third time they've been told not to do this exact .
Receiving a warning letter is serious .
you know whenever I go into the pharmacy I always think there's all these bloody suppliments some of which literally say they're homeopathic what the hell is the FDA doing this literally does nothing and its being sold as medicine  and then you see headlines like this and realize that these ers are so god busy.
I think in the recent Last Week Tonight on the FDA it was shown just how beleaguered they are theyre still dealing with from years ago.
Brake cleaner is amazing but that doesn't mean you should mix it with everything.
That works like a charm.
The fact they never once mentioned that these are rodents of unusual size is just journalism If you ask me.
Obviously some CIA level going on.
The funny thing is that she thinks people actually believe this .
That's america's takes a whole new meaning.
those pesky neighbours.
But they did actually get fined.
I can totally understand how it might really someone up to find out that they were eating raw human flesh.
How the is the title not Chopt eatery Manager gives customer the finger.
Cannabis can produce an insane array of terpenes smelling like anything from kush incense peppery/spicy mangos citrus diesel/gas or a sweaty sasquatch that stepped in some skunk .
Hah my dumb dog does this.
So basically NYC except missing the in paper plates on the subway stairs for you to step in.
the fbi.
And will this earth and everyone on it in every hole that makes a net win.
Also cruise ships.
Exactly look at Musk- at first you would have thought he really cares about the human species he used to talk a lot about global warming and saving humanity to Mars now he is just an hole about money.
Oprah has minted more medical tv quack doctors than anyone else and gave credence to their insane hurting millions of people.
Hahahaha omg nobody gives a who you dislike you little pissant.
Its the dumbest ever.
Time will pand he’ll up his life in a new way disappear from public memory.
Let the little disappear.
The Pope prolly thinks he's just a murderous little .
That chubby little can cry all he wants.
I’m sure the pope much like the rest of the world gives a rats what that guy thinks.
So you mean to tell me he didn't even say he just liked someone else's tweet.
Bro what the .
Why would I give a flying what he does or doesnt like.
Why the are we still talking about this head.
your downvotes ratioed me.
I was bullied relentlessly in fifth grade until I picked up a plastic jump rope and beat the little until two adults had to pull me off of him.
In freshman year of high school some hat tried to bully me so I beat the out of him too.
Junior year guy on the football team I had no chance of fighting normally would steal my lunch every day so I put ipecac in it and beat the out of him while he was on the floor.
Now I can cheat at chess without shoving something up my .
They made their patent super vague to try to cover as many different sized rings used for necklaces wrists fingers etc them.
has it already been a year.
After last night's football game I'm starting to believe that anybody named Klete is an absolute head.
A literal head.
Pretty apology tbh.
I shoulda taken a Uber.
He wore his US National Team jacket to the Capitol.
Probation.
SEC teams kicking the out of the other conferences pretty consistently.
My experience was with SEC schools but I respected those guys because they knew who they were and what they were about and didn’t care to pretend otherwise…and what they were about was hardcore country farm .
I get beyond pissed when people in Denver on farmers.
If it was meant as a shot at Texas don’t think they would’ve branded FH on it and left in front of the Farmhouse frat.
those responsible.
What’s more believable that an Agricultural school has access to a dead steer and thought this would be a good prank or that OSU students would brand FH and leave it on their own doorstep as a You to UT.
I can tell you this reflects poorly on the university students and grads.
Lame fraternity not doing anything either.
ing I thought this was referring to a football player….
Elite my but he did get a bowl.
Watching that drove me insane when playing them.
I grew up watching Big Ten football and Big Ten basketball i'm beyond disgusted and angry about this realignment .
College football should just move to a ing promotion/relegation system like they do in soccer since it's clear they don't give a flying about regional rivalries that were played for almost a century the worst part is how much it hurts the other sports.
What does this diseased website say.
How do websites so even make money.
They make money by turning into .
Diseased website is quite accurate… try reading it in reader mode they actually scramble the text only version.
that not going there ever again.
Often my teammates wanted to find me for corner kicks but I wasn't having that .
I made so many headers on extremely long and high lofted balls that I’m pretty sure I did permanent damage to my brain.
OH OF COURSE the Dodgers are trying to get him.
I know I would have likely been committing some sort of felony crime but I really wish I would have pocketed it.
Kevin Durant TYBG.
Durant has turned into a *Who the cares* player.
I don’t know anyone not even Golden State fans that give a about Durants championships.
happens.
I just think it’s going to be a game and over by half.
Plummer on Louisville couldn’t do .
Shut the up jesbiil.
As a giants fan this is such a bad move for the sport but as a giants fan the eagles so who knows.
such a punk .
take right here.
Which really baffled me because the guy had some wheels.
Why is it that when bama is the one potentially getting the end of the stick everyone is so quick to advocate for expansion.
Undefeated don't mean .
By far this is absolute for FSU.
The fact she forgot and you brought it up again is the second up.
No up there.
Where was the second up.
Similarly as you grow older there’s an odd feeling talking to your parents about you did as a teen.
Reminds me of a -up I had as a kid not quite a tween yet.
This also reminds me of my mom when she thought that focus was pronounced foc-use which sounded like yous lol.
You wanna right.
Lower your standards and anywhere (and find a willing partner) - work a few hours and rent a place that some rando is willing to in.
He didn't give a rat about your living quarters.
Get your in therapy asap.
the guy even though you only heard one side of the story.
that guy but I guess it's to be expected for a one-day hookup with a complete stranger.
it's just so hard.
Sure as he at it all.
Also if you're going to give them human milk get the lactose free stuff lest you make your poor old dog itself.
I just can't believe I did not up somewhere.
lol it you beat me by 20 minutes.
I think we all up.
I'm sorry.
Get your head out of your and stop acting superior.
This was neither your fault nor your up.
Bugged the everliving out of me.
Like a man .
My creepy ex step brother drew images of women having sex with wolves and showed them to my Christian grandmother.
I was very secretive about this whole operation.
So I would stash all my drawings in this Ghostbusters lunchbox that I had.
So one day I'm finishing up this real big veiny triumphant all of a sudden.
I drew some hentai and blamed an imaginary clmate sneaking the drawing in my school bag while painfully crumpling the piece of paper.
for whatever reason nobody in my family seemed to give a lol.
You didn’t up.
Forgetting to ess that is not exactly a up at all unless the consequences are way worse than what happened here.
That’s not a up.
the army does a headcount prior to any sort of coordinated troop movement and we are adults.
Not your up.
The only up is allowing something like that to kill the mood.
Lmao at least you weren't watching Hell's Kitchen cause the Ramsay says is on another level.
English is my first language and I that up all the time.
That would take this up to the next level.
But if you have access to the IG account there might be some way to recover the FB page since they're connected already by going through settings or their customer support (I know it's ).
You didn't up.
It was not good and scared the out of me.
Turns out it was Covid and I felt like absolute the next 3 days… take care of yourself.
I’ve always been very lucky that my brain allows me to just chill the out and do absolutely nothing while I’m sick.
People just need to learn to chill the out.
Hahahahahaha… got knocked back on my for 2 days.
Recovery is a .
nope took me near a month to be able to function properly.
I’d want to run half marathon too but during winter when I should train I will always be too lazy.
But still holy .
was heavy.
I stopped by a store today and the clerk looked at me said my name and asked if that was me and I had no idea who she was.
The worst part is she was one of my best employees 🫠 so I definitely get the bleeding together but it's not a up it's just a human moment.
That’s some narcissistic .
Awkward for sure but I wouldn't call it a up.
I'm honestly at a loss at just how naive grown adults can be.
You shouldn't have to eat to understand that these things are dangerous but here we are.
Had to walk my home alone too.
I never in a million years would’ve thought it would be that difficult as a grown man to keep soap out of your eyes while showering.
if only my eyes could like close and on command.
The real up is that your dad mmarket them first.
and yet pancetta makes the go whoo whoo.
The Definition of Stupidity -- According To me -- Little M --    Doing The Same Thing Over And over And Over --   Expecting The Same Result -- Boom -- BucketList Double Bonus --   I Am Smarter Than Einstein was And I know More About the Universe than He Did --   And I have not Been Able to Explain Why I hate It So much And I Think That Does A Good Job --  But Really What's Going on -- Is 'my' Other brain Creates Lies To get Be to take care of myself When I Won't Listen To Anyone Else -- Then AI and The Literal Future Found Each Other While Looking For A translator That Would Lie For them -- And That's ing Perfect --   But -- That Wouldn't Work Because you are Too Stubbord To take help -- Or believe What God Was telling You -- The Real One -- They're All PERFECT --  Sweet Is Way betters -- Sweet -0c-- Oh -- OC Tag -- nEVER SEE THAT ONE --    Sweet  OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG [https.
Roberto -- Boom -- Maybe it Will Work This Time --   To Win -- All You HAve To Do Is Think it's Dumb  Then The Funniest You Ever Heard --   Here Is The part I Don't Normally Tell --    The Faster The Laugh -- The More Obvious It Is That They Love me -- With Their Heart -- And Now I Have A story I Made Up To Prove it --  Those That Love My Child -- Love Who I Am Absent The Affects of Inhibiting Social Pressure -- Those That Love the adult -- Love The Other part 0-0 And The Ones That Love You The Most And Have The Most Faith In You Love The Child -- But have in Enough Faith in The Power of The Adult in This Society -- With That heart -- It Would Be A crime Against Humanity To Use One's God Given Talens In ThAt wayb --  And Then She Would Say    What Do You Want To Do.
I Want To Tear Adddiddaas Down The Foundations And Then On The GraVE 0-0  Whose Child Is It.
It Belongs To The Village --    All Parents Are Foster parents -- Some Do It On Purpose    Knowing They Are not Really Your Kids    Because There Is No Such Thing As Ownership == The Cloud Does Not Own The Rain -- It Sure As Doesn't Own The Rainbow --  Understanding This Truth Makes One A Better Parent -- And In A World With No Superiority --- This iS A Big Statement -- [https.
Exactly -- Now We Are ing Talking -- Yess- yess -- You Asked A great ing Question -- She knows everything -- Don't Ask A good Question -- Ask The most Interesting Question of Which you Are capable olf asking -- First Person To Get her To Say    I Don't Know Gets Nothing.
Because She Is Free In Way I Will Never Understand -- She Did It All As A Woman -- And in Buddhism -- That's become A disability --  Respect Is A Path To The DarkSide -- What Is Respected Cannot Be truly Disagreed With -- Which Is Why We never Want One Spiritual Practice To Become Dominant in Any Location and given the option It's Better To Be too Diverse -- Than Not Diverse Enough -- But It's Best To Hire the Best people For The position -- And It Would be Nice if All Dogs Go To heaven -- AND GOD SAID -- YOUR WISH IS MY COMMAND --  Instead of As You Wish -- I Have No ing Clue --    I Just Start Every Day -- Saying The Same Stupid I Used To --    Maybe I Will Get Lucky -- And Tomorrow be At LEAST -- Not At Miserable AS Today Wasn't -- And Then At Night --    We Make Our prayer    Wish Our es  off -- Wish For The Nature of What Is In Your life    To be More Experienced In The Lives of Others    With As Little Effort AS Possible on My End --  Saving The World is Not hard --    And That's Why Nobody Takes It Seriously --    Because if It Was That Easy Someone Would Do it --  They Did -- It's Newman's Own -- After 311 -- If They Still Have Enemies --    [https.
But sure as those ers disappeared as soon as prices start to fall.
We can't do for herpes hep C treatment is HORRIFYINGLY expensive and the bacterial infections are absolutely serious.
I just wish I could only around with guys who also require condoms for every encounter but that would leave me with literally no options.
It'll be difficult since a decent chunk of the population thinks epidemics outbreaks and pandemics are a globalist conspiracy plot or whatever the .
which also requires an expensive battery.
The dumbest I've ever heard Uses a ing ton of copper and wastes energy by charging wirelessly Just charge at home there are few scenarios in which one needs to drive more than 180miles in a day and if you do make one extra stop which is better for you anyway.
Can't charge in Detroit.
We just have way too many people here who have a Boner for convicts getting their rocked in jail.
Imagine the person you love most in this world was raped and killed horrifically and then picture that bag that did that in one of these dorms and say well being there is punishment enough.
It was like 5 monkeys over a span of like 2 months or some .
I'm not trying to be a but I need to know.
Maybe remove political or controversial uplifting news then as frankly it often comes across as a pive aggressive dig which is a quintessential move and violates your own rule while inviting the sort of negativity you’re ostensibly targeting with this post.
It's so bizarre to me that ppl are proud of not giving a about the world.
What kinda dastardly have you been up to.
America doesn't give a about Taiwan it cares about what effect Taiwan has on America.
Taiwan will blow it up the US will drop a metric ton of incendiaries on the sites to turn everything into unrecognizable metal slag.
Brexiteers.
north finland just lost some of its land according to this.
Mexico is pretty near developed at this point and I can bet you a good amount of money it isn’t the kids on rural farms killing themselves.
I see that KNOWING it’s fake and a trap and I still want to kill myself (not really but you get my idea).
prospects will do that to a young generation.
Flooko is sick as love his style.
You aren’t about to with years of memeing this video and I’ve been doing it wrong this whole time lmao.
Ebaums stole all their from Newgrounds.
this narrative.
Save the planet buy our .
The left claims they give a about it and do nothing the right claims it's not even real just to 'own the libs.
' No one gives a about the actual science just how they 'feel' about it.
So the planet is going to end up a giant smoking ball of and there isn't a ing thing anyone can do about it.
usually fighting to get the computer to work properly.
brunch that’s all.
What in the dystopian is this.
I'd rather or better yet enact my ultimate sexual fantasy of someone throwing 10 millions dollars on my body and leaving me the alone.
No thank you and go yourselves for suggesting it.
we can’t even go to sleep without companies trying to invade that aspect.
Here's our new policy its your job to be the hole that has to implement it and also to figure out how to actually implement it and also how to fix the problems caused by implementing it.
Leave the ing kids alone We didn’t deserve it when it was our time in the spotlight and they sure as don’t deserve this now.
Now I am buying $500 sports gear instead because it at least I can afford that and enjoy it a bit.
Fortune magazine.
For sure is bad but they've been slapped around with Internet doom and gloom most of their lives.
If I want frozen pizza or some I can’t just take a bus or train no I gotta waste gas that I need for work.
My country needs to do it but we got bogged down by politics with one little climate party but times are changing so we will hopefully get newly built reactors some time in the future.
Almost as if a government that’s not ing amongst themselves everyday and behaving like school kids gets done.
It's usually managers or bad tech investments that make it untenable.
At this point I think what ultimately agitates me is I'm a grown woman and I don't need to be monitored like a child.
That’s the that really gets under my skin.
Yeah man it.
The top guys are *done* with that and in every way this is all saving them money and boosting income.
Holy am I more productive and focused at home.
It’s a tonne of marketing and cultural norms.
Why the anyone thinks the solution is to go wider rather than up and shovel the equivalent of hundreds of meals of soy and veg into an animal to provide a handful of meat-based meals is beyond me.
you could even see people having special protection and the ability to mark their areas as non-kill zones.
Due to the small but real risk of a future war between the two rivals-- off with this.
Just wait until someone pulls off a high profile ination by drone then people are gonna lose their minds.
Work more less drink more alienate and beat kids on the poor worship the rich grind school or your Very capitalist.
Unnecessary to in the US.
No point debating who has it worse there it's all .
Men are just as busy navigating the bull that is their success oriented culture just like women are.
just imagining south korean people slowly turning into dust like after the snap with a click bait title like that.
Why the a car would ever need a subscription service is beyond me and if every car starts using them then I will walk everywhere.
Isn’t it already the case with Teslas where you have to pay for maximum speed or acceleration or some stupid .
Go yourself to quote the CEO of a car company.
In fact I will actively avoid any brand that does this like the plague.
I live in rented apartment whatever savings I have they will be wiped to zero if i decided to get a 30 year mortgage we can not as a family survive only from my husbands income in case i lose a job (and this tends to happen when you are middle aged mother of small kids).
I really can't wait to see the day when tapes will be obsolete.
I know you don't give a flying about the climate or the environment but for the people potentially reading  https.
Still pretty salty about that .
That reason may turn out to be a trillionaire measuring contest but still.
Since permanently blinding an army then sending it home to overburden it’s state was seen as an extra-level move beyond just killing the soldiers.
brave new world is coming fast.
When put in a position where the best option is to admit that you made a mistake and work to correct it a ton of people just double down.
It takes a generation of great artists scientists engineers and workers to make a library and fill it with books it takes one hole to burn it down.
so once you’re asked to look inward it went from a ton of people to 5%.
To be fair I'm pretty sure I learned in school that 5% of 8 billion is called a -ton.
I would call it a ton of people.
Hundreds of millions of people isn’t a ton.
Meanwhile people are really happy to on stop oil and use that as justification to totally ignore the problem.
Those will take hundreds of years to fully manifest but they'll form their own feedback systems heating the atmosphere independent of CO2 so stopping those cycles become entirely new problems to solve because stopping emissions does all there.
When put in a position where the best option is to admit that you made a mistake and work to correct it a ton of people just double down.
It takes a generation of great artists scientists engineers and workers to make a library and fill it with books it takes one hole to burn it down.
so once you’re asked to look inward it went from a ton of people to 5%.
To be fair I'm pretty sure I learned in school that 5% of 8 billion is called a -ton.
I would call it a ton of people.
Hundreds of millions of people isn’t a ton.
Meanwhile people are really happy to on stop oil and use that as justification to totally ignore the problem.
Those will take hundreds of years to fully manifest but they'll form their own feedback systems heating the atmosphere independent of CO2 so stopping those cycles become entirely new problems to solve because stopping emissions does all there.
The A-H was good for the imperial family and people attached to it but the state living on a borrowed time.
I hear that they adore the head of an that basest of creatures consecrated by I know not what silly persuasion a worthy and appropriate religion for such manners.
I have a old secured card that I put 20 bucks on once a month to keep it active.
That company is such a show.
Leasing is a tool - broke people so broke people like leasing a new car they couldn’t afford in the first place.
Sallie Mae.
I've seen too many clients keep doing that for years even after we told them to stop and it's a to unwind.
If they are going to try and shaft you on interest rates what other shady are they going to try and pull off.
happens all the time and your parents could easily dye penniless and then you’re out your investment.
The other party is probably going to hire his own financial expert to dispute the out of that.
I don’t want to be silly and just go and spend it on I feel I have been without for years.
I clicked on that link saw the url and shut down my whole pc.
And with his out of all things.
those who seek to destroy The Great Tide.
And I loved him for it even if he was a bit of a pompous sometimes.
It costs a subscription but holy if that's what you have to deal with - just pay for the cartoons and skip the YouTubes.
To even have to do that .
ur parents knew what they were doing when they only had one child xD.
Makes no god sense.
Why the did i read the whole thing before I have to sleep.
Please get a new job and some therapy my guy because that is the type of you shouldn't put yourself through.
*$uicidal cult love to watch the blood drip*.
I basically work for insurance and because I love it but it’d be nice to be paid reasonably.
It’s a travesty.
What the is with that pay.
Devita treated him like and he quit and he had worked other jobs (bussing electrician journeyman work shoved into tight FL attics at 100++ degrees machine shops where he came home covered in machine dust particles) and I've never seen him falter.
I could never understand how someone would work a job that at this point usually involves being completely on by the people you are serving -- be the patients or the hospital itself.
all that noise -- you're too good for them go back working something enjoyable.
We have millions of people with medical degrees who arent working in the field because hospitals and medical companies are so ing at understaffing and hours making the job miserable.
Where I went was absolute .
that noise.
Then you start working and the toxic soul sucking starts and never ends.
I’m a nurse and I have a found a specialty that doesn’t make me want to die but my first year I was actively wanting to die so I could not have to go to my job.
Guess who came trotting out of the dark like a piece of with a big smile.
Sounds like my lesbian needs an imaginary male boyfriend to holler to as well.
Ah well maybe he's a giant hole because life has kicked his I don't begrudge someone trying to get by the few bucks.
People who half-it or WORSE use it to identify possible targets make me really sad.
It can convey a subtle ‘Don’t with this house message’ to thieves and other kinds of criminals.
This topic and scenario plays out every few months in the Am I The hole.
What the .
I have a hair trigger anyway but my partner is an AuDHD souls/bourne player he's never not outdone his last performance once in the last 6 years I'm not complaining but does it makes me feel like I'm underperforming in return he ures me I'm not but I know I can't do for him what he does for me it's not physically possible even on my best day 🤣.
I am bad at sex but like getting my Wife off lol the you mean.
The rule when we STARTED dating was I always have to finish first before your is getting anywhere near my vag.
yeah i always look at those people with a side eye like you want bad things to happen to me.
What the .
If you really want to with them.
Don’t do for his benefit if you can avoid it.
Because men like this can't wrap their heads around the idea of being nice or helpful to someone of the opposite sex unless they wanted to them.
He made me distance myself so I hope that at least he learned the lesson and won't pull out this on any other woman.
They forget that if the woman dares to be less appealing to them she will must likely be treated like .
Seriously what the - this is not even REMOTELY appropriate or acceptable behaviour from anyone in a relationship.
Hell if he pulled this in a workplace he’d likely get written up or reprimanded.
this guy and his bad attitude.
if she's in a bad mood she'll put on a smile for everyone but she'll be an absolute to me.
You don't have to stay there and be treated like all night.
Occasionally when he misses his meds too many days in a row he turns into The Incredible Sulk and is a complete hole.
Now I flat out tell him I didn't do anything to deserve him being an hole to me so he can either be nice or he can go the away.
And if he chooses to be a I ignore him all day and go do whatever I want and then he sulks more because he wanted to go out and do errands with me and I abandoned him.
I love him and want him to live a happy and fulfilling life but I can't make him take his meds leave the house or remove the giant stick from his .
I can encourage him to take positive steps I will give ideas I will support his choices and give him options but some days he just wants to be a grumpy hole and on those days I go shopping and get lunch and get my nails done and generally do things that make me happy.
I feel like I behave like an utter ing hole and I am likely to tell off anyone trying to coexist.
I have pmdd so sometimes I'm the grumpy hole and this makes me so happy I hope my bf feels this way too.
I feel less like a for no longer trying to fix his attitude.
decide to say it and do my own thing without worrying what he’s up to.
Is he often a petty uncommunicative hole.
Your husband sounds like a giant .
Men believe that's what it means to be in a relationship with a woman you get to do like this.
everything about this.
Mine gets like this when some random hole at work pisses him off.
Good for you for taking your space and these alpha turds.
Your comfort does not expand into my space or ribcage you very much.
right off.
Flying makes me super anxious and I’m a huge to everyone now.
Men can right off with this bull.
His mommy and daddy were in the other seats but didn’t give a .
When we landed I you not he pulled out a business card handed it to me and said it's good to have friends in high places and then smirked conspiratorially.
that lol.
I wish I was as brave as you to have been able to not give a and push past him but the whole thing was so intimidating that I ended up moving my car.
The two times I’ve ignored some hole guy in a situation like that they vandalized my car.
He was an hole who will reap the life of an hole.
A van with who knows who or what the is inside is a completely different situation.
So perfect for the stupid .
A tantrum over cold food is lame as haha.
Send them their video about tea and consent.
Keep escalating this keep taking badge numbers ask to speak to anyone else because there has to be someone in one of these police forces with an ounce of humanity to at least take you seriously.
I honestly hope you at least get someone in these police forces to take you seriously.
This is a reality check about how this actually works versus what people naively think is the case because OP will most likely get hurt further and further by the system which is by the way–so you have a better grasp of the scope of the problem here–*functioning as designed*.
The police don’t give a .
Take badge numbers record who told you this crock of .
Escalate this and report the enablers.
No dude was an hole and your husband showed himself to be an even bigger hole by not backing you up on the spot saying you're not allowed to have feelings and then trying to gaslight you.
Mine used to do the same all the time so I upgraded my life and got rid of him.
Too much pressure is to be expected because you’re NOT AN EXPERT… He’s the hole.
Ask your husband what the is the point of him if other men publicly treating you like is not only okay but he takes their side.
Female friends and strangers often step in when a male is being a to women in public.
Some men use the word Karen in the way they would have used a few years back.
is now socially incorrect to use so they took over the word Karen.
The instructor was an hole and a terrible teacher who shouldn't be doing that job.
Secondly that audacious dared to talk to you about PMS.
Either way that.
That always bothers the out of me when I see it.
Holy I see dudes doing this to their girlfriends literally every time I go to a theme park and it lisses me off so ing much last time I was universal studios I literally saw dozens of them doing it one day.
Very weird because it's clearly not comfortable so I think it's some weird power trip.
TMI I too feel gy and constipated but on day 2 comes THE which makes me feel as if my bowels were totally empty I feel 5 kg lighter and that feeling holds on for several hours.
Record the nasty he's saying to you and bring it to your boss.
I don't know the UK laws but in the US this would fall under harment and creating a hostile work environment.
Record the nasty he says and send it to his uni.
Record that and show the whole crew.
Does that love extend to defending that type of .
Jesus is this some clunky version of negging.
Liam’s an hole.
Your boss adores a racist hole.
If you slapped the out of them in front of me I wouldn't have seen anything.
BTW his motives for being an hole are irrelevant.
And don’t be afraid take said recordings to the public or a lawyer if they don’t do about it.
It puts everyone on notice not just him that this isn't funny.
He's a miserable who wants you to be miserable report him.
You're so dense.
Then when someone answers 'bro just go up to him and tell him you're horny bro it'll definitely work he'll love it I'd definitely love it if someone came and asked me to them yes I'd love it so much that's so sexy'  It probably won't help.
You can keep it simple and just say 'me'  you can lead him with just actions and no words.
Be the little spoon and just grind your on his .
I'm fiercely an American woman I pay my taxes I'll live my life how the I want.
Ask him what is his to brains ratio.
the other is my .
No one has ever said this to me but my instinctive reaction is that I would respond with what the .
I told one hole You’re right.
If someone at the office would say that to me just out of the blue I'd report his to HR.
I’ve heard it from so many complete ing strangers and all it makes me think is that these men see a body they’d and not a real human being.
If so reset the pword and subscribe him to a bunch of the most repulsive you can find.
Does he not realize how easily you could log into his account and start ing up.
You don't even have to rerack your weights apparently you can just spread them out wherever the you want and then the morning shift can come and sort it out.
Felt good to have done it but holy would've liked it to be deliberately 🫠.
I have recently started and benefited immensely from doing good girls/bad girls but GOD I'm struggling to walk 2-3 days afterwards.
My first time ever spotting someone on bench and they are going for a 170kg attempt there is actually no way I can help lift that back up if he fails.
Saw a guy himself at my Anytime Fitness doing a 700ish pound Squat.
i'm thinking i need to work on my 1RM a bit more lmao or i could jump on alex's youtube channel and leave a bunch of obnoxious comments telling him he's a big dumbo that knows nothing about lifting but i love the too much.
But god the bicep doms are so uncomfortable.
Fairlife lactose free milk is so good I highly recommend it.
Stupid motivation you fleeting lol.
Why the is every US Gym so disorganized and a mess.
Everyone puts back to where they were.
So sick of her by this point but I'm going on a work trip/vacation in 3 days and want my teeth cleaned so I just sat there and took it.
Oh wait it did happen and it was by some Hong Kong relatives ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ So I'm used to the inappropriate comments the only bizarre part of the encounter was the lowering of the chair bit I don't know what the that was like it was a ing game for the dentist.
Unrack your weights.
I scrape the out of my shins every time I deadlift.
I did a bulk from last Jan to this September and I loved every second of it.
It's like tendonitis is this annoying little that pops in just when you get about 6 weeks of solid progress in and says hey remember me.
When I’m trying to grind out those last two reps I always pretend a bad is watching for motivation.
My left leg is gonna be so skinny….
I guess I’m gonna have to put regular Deadlifts aside and use Romanian DL/good mornings for the posterior chain for a while… On the bright side I hit PRs in bench (225x5) and Squat (260) so that’s pretty cool.
yo that other guy you are killing it.
Feels pretty good.
While I feel weak as it feels amazing to increase the weight each week while on a cut with each week feeling easier than the last.
yo that other guy you are killing it.
Feels pretty good.
My and balls are sore all the time now from being bounced around my mive tree trunk thighs all day.
Skinny folks always up the calories part of the equation and then they think I just can't grow muscle.
No one with a 550 lbs deadlift has a flat .
I've just tried ESN's clear isolate and it tastes amazing but 50 euro's for 30 servings is insane.
right I will haha.
Still yeah my forearms baby.
Holy me too.
Every time I think I want to start doing the crazy I see you do (with a lot less weight obviously) you post some even crazier like this and I just tip my cap.
I look like a fat rn.
My and balls are sore all the time now from being bounced around my mive tree trunk thighs all day.
Skinny folks always up the calories part of the equation and then they think I just can't grow muscle.
No one with a 550 lbs deadlift has a flat .
I've just tried ESN's clear isolate and it tastes amazing but 50 euro's for 30 servings is insane.
I’m able to do over 50 pushups but whenever I do dips on bars they just feel like on my front shoulders.
So I’ve been doing backpack weighted push-ups with handles since lockdown 2020 when I had to figure out how to improvise… I never ditched them even when I went back to the gym because I was still progressing and they’ve always felt amazing…that STRETCH holy .
you'll see incredible results if you can only do 3 sessions per week and you just alternate between them.
But I could be remembering this part incorrectly since nobody else has mentioned that and my memory is .
I guess that's the end for pulldowns.
I've been going to the gym 6 days a week for about two months now and even though I leave it all on the court every day trying my hardest to get 8-10 reps per set.
I never understood how any of this works.
Bill Gates needs to shut the up.
this hole pushed RTO at Broadcom in *2020*.
It was the difference between responses to This is literally physically impossible being I don't care get it done and okay what options do we have.
I don't care get it done I hate this kind of attitude - and I say this as someone in management.
I can picture the smug sense of self satisfaction these muppets have when they drop a line like that feeling like they're a shark in a sea of dolphins that they're the only one who gets done and everyone else is just coming up with excuses.
I've had the privilege to work with some people like that and it's amazing when I could get something done that I thought was near impossible previously (It was to get cargo from Asia to the USWC then to some tiny island off the USEC within the matter of days and required to be at the place at a specific time).
For decades the path from wealth to *extreme* wealth was to get your company going then buy a building (together with your fellow board members who have welcomed you into their conspiracy of rich guys who do this) and stick the company into the building charging it the maximum rent that can possibly be justified without attracting actual fraud charges (and you have to be a *really* blatant hole about it to get fraud charges).
Personally I would suggest it 'em as the solution.
This ing sucks because VMware has a captive client base that can't lift and shift on the dime.
Telling VMWare workers to get back to work is the funniest most ironic lol like do you know what the company makes.
this guy.
How the is VMWare worth 69 billion dollars.
10pb on a write once cartridge means archival is cheaper and easier meaning WOOOOO YEAH BABY.
Wish they got their together.
it was pretty then too.
exe is the way and I don't really have to worry about UI changes but yeah whoever at MS is making these dumb changes.
YO PLEASE LEAVE MY ALONE I HAVE TO BE ASKING ING AI CHATBOTS HOW TO DISABLE A ING NOTIFICATION CUZ UR CHANGES EVERY 3 MONTHS.
This isn’t a embly line making cars or some where removing redundant methods of performing a task and making everyone have to a task one specific way would make sense for speed and production.
It’s a ing operating system so when you ‘streamline’ you just up peoples ability to OPERATE YOUR ING SYSTEM.
You want new you make that opt in don’t in force it and remove features.
Just leave the control panel alone.
Every single release the settings change and it’s a complete cluster of missing and poorly implemented options that’s in the control panel already.
oh son prepare to lose faith in the US stock market.
been a while since i heard dark markets and internal/private trades brought up almost forgot abt them 100%.
Robinhood.
this cockroach …this worthless bag of should be rotting in prison.
PFOF all my homies hate Pfof.
Seems like US strategy is to with china instead of making their own product better.
American cars are will never ever touch one.
Imagine all the energy wasted on this .
I wasnt the origanal person to post an unverified fact lmao the burden of proof is on their .
Some of the biggest tech companies (such as google and meta) spend I don't know how many millions of hours of very ing smart people to do advertising and get you to buy .
I have like 1200 followers on tik tok and maybe 30 are real people insta is a lawless wasteland Reddit has gone to and there 7 billion bots trying to sell me crypto or fake nudes in every corner of the internet you think this is surprising news.
so the bots are trashing up the cloud.
Because ransomeware people are the same as those endebting students pieces of .
most of this industry operates on shoestring budgets and are easy pickings for these ransomware groups.
At this point if you’re still using Citrix you deserve to get hacked.
Bunch of software.
But these tech companies don't do that .
We were never protected it was just nobody figured out a way to break through the protections and it’s not just lack of cyber security or encryption because the tech can be so advanced but the user is in charge of their own pword and safety steps and sooner or later some CEO or staff member or someone got terminated for whatever reason had a slip or let slip any number of plays or a hacker plus wrong WiFi at the wrong coffee shop etc… Eventually the only thing we will be able to protect is spontaneous thoughts that we do not show any emotion or interactions from which they are trying to engineer by tapping into what we click on and predict how we interact with things and the world.
I gotta ask (since most of the article is paywalled) what the does autism look like in mice.
It's great if you're not into media design or competitive multiplayer that needs invasive anti cheats which I'm not so non-issue there.
Stuff like Protondb is chalk full of ideologically blinded gamers rating gold or higher while needing a bunch of command line fixes to even launch specific  games they've rated as flawless or near flawless.
I know how to and am not afraid of command lines my self or technical OS’s But until we make it work for normies that will never happen.
The DoJ needs to get on their for this.
It's basically Microsoft's IE all over again.
Its the same thing but Not .
If that wasnt bad enough theres services like Admiral or whatever (but not only) that turn the mobile page fullscreen and then its a pain in the to do anything else.
with this easy 4-part process you need never again worry how google will try to you over to enrich itself again.
human trafficking and such right.
But the cancer part was the first half which is him failing to understand how implementing failsafes to prevent the government from utilizing that against us is just asinine.
Failing to see how the government can exploit that to us over doesn’t make him right.
Just don’t do stupid .
About time Trump gets sentenced.
Why the isn’t this sub shutting down.
Why the is this sub back.
Why the can’t we have affordable and accessible augmented reality gles.
Google CTIL and see the type of they got into.
Here’s your small energy award.
I need 2fa to get into Etsy this didn’t have it.
Just because they are dead doesn’t mean they aren’t and weren’t an hole.
Talking after they're gone is just consequences.
They die and you start saying they stole from you all of a sudden then you might be a .
If however you have something like that guy I had to take that guy to court to get my money back and he died never paying it that thief I would say it doesn’t apply.
My wife has literally told me that if she dies I should write something like she could be a bit of a sometimes but I loved her.
I just umed when you die you get an obituary and if there's someone that gives a about you around when it happens they'll ask them to write it.
Beloved .
Way to put the in obituary.
He was an of the first degree.
I barely use Facebook anymore and the algorithm is desparately flinging at me in an attempt to figure out how to get engagement.
Cut the .
gets used everywhere.
I kept them and have one on my fridge that’s says bend over I’m not good with names but i always remember an hole.
I really hate the smells like fish bull.
How were all those guys created before the was.
Mine would just beat the out of me with a set of jumper cables.
Risking serious injury for the chance to eat .
and that's how I broke my neck *inside* a horse's .
ing horse girls man where eating a horses while moving is a normal thing.
Sometimes in the heat of the moment it's forgivable to go to mouth - Rosario Dawson as Becky.
The color of the pants was too dark to make the color distinguishable.
And if they were logs then he could have tested by simple touching his from outside instead of going full elbow deep in there.
you sound experienced in the art of hiding a stray dump.
Man I’ve my pants way more as a grown adult than a kid.
I know that my late father used to his pants a little too often for an adult because he was in his car driving from patient to patient all day (he was a psych homecare nurse) and didn't want to use a public restroom so would try to hold it until he made it home.
Who the does that even when nobody is watching.
Imagine working your off to end up on the red carpet and then you become famous doing this.
How many people sniff their hands after scratching their .
It's done on purpose if you look at his social media (princezee) he does a lot of shock value .
He himself and she smelt it at the end.
If that nasty does that surround by cameras imagine what he’ll do in private.
It’s like dumping money into a stock hoping it takes off.
Same thing exists for all those shared scooters.
looks like a bunch of frozen alien s.
Holy a vgcats reference.
You beautiful .
But god do I miss actual content.
I gotta watch futurama now.
Is a frog's watertight.
forgot all about Gung Ho.
Oh with all those antennas he probably just heard me say that.
Nah this guy is full of .
the stupid admins who have ruined it.
that’s like poetry.
I mean I used to be able to degen for hours before hitting something id already seen and now after about 20 mins its all reposts or from yesterday its definitely fallen off hard thus far.
Almost 9 years clean from that and I don’t miss it one bit.
This is where the term dumb comes from.
This is some of the most stupidest I’ve heard come out of someone’s mouth.
That’s some thwarted Final Destination right there.
That’s some final destination ….
Diatomaceous earth powder didn't do to them.
They lap that up and it croaks them pretty effectively without using heavier duty pesticides.
Jfc those little rosches are so .
The Federal Government usually have much higher standards for .
holy I take that back these guys are legit.
I hate this timeline.
everyone who puts music over the original.
Yeah still can't tell what the is going on there.
Then I said it so it’s my only reaction.
Looks like spray foam aluminum mastic tape and bird .
Where the is a red circle when you need one.
but like what the .
Can't just show us some straight up crackhead and not give us a meaningful title 😂 looks like wax tinfoil painters tape duct tape.
Airplane .
They charge exorbitant fees have nearly non-existent customer service have fallen behind in other areas (like pain in the returns) etc.
I only use the downvote if I don't like a person if they are being an hole or something like that.
isn't rational.
What the oh my god oh wow unbelievable.
eBay getting into the Serving business now.
That’s slick as honestly.
Holy that person needs a better family attorney.
Somewhere out there someone is reading this and saying … I wondered what happened to that.
That drivers cheeks are either white knuckle clenched or loose as jelly.
You will see like this if you spend just 20 minutes on the highway without fail.
A Frozen Elf tried to the bucket but broke his icicle.
A reminder that wtf stands for what the not wow that's fascinating.
Do not recommend recovery was a .
Nah don't worry that was for me - can't believe I swapped the words.
we really talk like that.
If only people had told me at that age not to do stupid my body isn't designed for and I wouldn't have ed knees and coccyx.
What in the lol.
That ’s psychopathic lol.
I shot this with an anti tank round from 300m sitting on a moldy couch I covered in camouflaging garbage while it was chowing down on a pile of donuts I used for bait.
But I chopped off its to make into a Sasquatch to mount on the wall of my drinking room.
get them taxidermied doing funny like filing microsoft excel spreadsheets or sitting in a rocking chair knitting.
Who the thought to make this abomination.
Well it's dark out they can't see.
is this how my sees me.
Blow it out your .
Same different century.
I don't give a how I check out just give me enough God space to bag everything.
As a 21yo I’m obviously pretty biased but I can say for certain that there’s a direct correlation between helicopter parents and extreme lack of social skills Make sure your kids don’t join a gang or do meth/heroin/fentanyl or whatever else that’ll up their life permanently and always be there for an open conversation or to answer any questions they have but other than that they’ll be fine.
If you’re giving your 5yo an iPad keep a close eye there’s some… weird out there targeted towards an oddly young audience.
A chance to on conservatives.
But the reason for the post is to on conservatives.
Conservatives don't need to be on when it comes to these topics.
They bring the themselves.
This is prude .
Basically he is the reason Vietnam Myanmar and several other places got bombed to by the US air force during the Vietnam War.
America also did this same all over Africa and Asia.
America and the UK also pulled this same in Iran in 1953.
You forgot one of the biggest -ups.
He's not the only he's just the most biggest and long lasting.
We ume they're parents and people because they mostly are.
lol says the person that literally made up to attack me because I said that some people are bad parents.
The entire latter half of your spiel is you trying to pull weird gotchas on me yet in order to do so not only have you completely started making up but you've infantilized adult women in the process.
You don't know enough about children to make sweeping umptions that the parents are ''.
Don't get me wrong there are parents out there but if every parent on the planet was absolutely textbook perfect I guarantee that kids would still have tantrums about literally anything at any time.
I realize that noone who doesn't know my kid gives a about them.
To all parents who don't you're a piece of .
the whole apples dont fall far from trees going on when I see parents using their awful annoying kid to be awful and annoying to someone who they dont like some one who they want to be awful and annoying to.
Once you’re a parent… you’ll learn to not give a about what others are subjected to for mere moments because you’re operating on fumes.
While grabbing your mom’s .
Can't wait for the remake to it up.
You're trying to not procreate.
This was the same reason he was up on Obama's birth certificate he didn't give a but he knew dumb people would pay attention to him if he picked the low hanging fruit.
It was a publicity stunt that got out of hand followed by 4 years of playing by instinct.
WHO GIVES A ABOUT THE RULES.
I'm kind of a dumb and sometimes I link to the image page and not the image but it gets deleted immediately by a bot.
That's a cute way to deflect from your -up but no other people being trusting does not make it any less ty that you're intentionally giving dangerous advice to people.
You are the hole here.
That other people trust you doesn't make you not the hole.
I currently work every weekend and holiday from 10pm-6am and it sucks major .
the day walkers.
I love gaming the system banks I'll take every free penny the throw at me.
May she be a sight better than the old one and may we all be home before she's over.
Holy that is an amazing quote.
Jesus your post history.
Shut the up kid.
outta here with the tiny boxes with only 3-4 lemon heads in them.
Then the next day I'm like a Kit-Kat would really hit right now.
Can't phish me with links to photos of corporate events if I don't give a flying about corporate events.
again I didn't give enough of a to click it - pointed to a fake OneDrive page which required a login.
If it aint from my direct sup or theirs I don't give a .
For me if I DON'T tell people about my plans to do something I end up saying it.
Why the did I think this sub was made for advice on animals.
No you think my opinion is wrong that’s why I posted it here.
I get why you might optionally want it for two factor authentication or in certain situations even require that but why the does an image sharing site need my phone number.
And murders the entire planet except for this one hole his fam and two of ✌️all the animals✌️.
Also people said the same about any new phone innovation.
I will never go back to a tiny normal sized phone.
YouTube their ads.
They're based on how far they can push your patience before you say it and stop using their platform.
Who the let you back in here.
I love how everybody just turns this truly inspiring and heartwarming story about the teaching and learning of a mind-/life-changing lesson into hey let’s all on those (conservatives) who hasn’t yet had the chance to experience the same lesson.
Either way I’m not going to engage if they’re being .
My account is old enough to NBA players.
I knew this was happening/going to happen but seeing it for real is unnerving.
what did this comment say.
Oh this just made a memory of technical school during high school.
It was to over LBJ and Hubert Humphrey but other than that yeah.
Nixon and Kissinger those monsters.
Neocons realized there were no consequences and now after decades of their we have no faith in our institutions.
OP is full of .
then he continued to try to make worse for decades after that right up until the day he died.
I was ready to downvote because improving the discourse but OP is right this is how to improve the discourse.
Kissinger was an utter scumbag from start to finish and I'd be willing to bet he's still a mive piece of .
Why do we need to improve the discourse of a vile pile of who made money of the literal mmurder of innocent peoples.
Dudes talking about a strip club and lap dances but won’t type out the word lol.
Why he say me for -Bartender.
Hey barkeep your tie looks like .
u/spez  Happy Thanksgiving.
Breaks that in a day.
He could have done without the one side just wants to be left alone .
This doesn't work anymore.
What the .
I never wanted to pirate content for years after switching to streaming but like this is what is tipping the scale back for me.
Moral in this context is don't over those who make your entertainment just because you can.
corporations.
Pirates go thru such weird mental hoops to justify stealing .
If you wanna steal then go for it but don't act like you're working on bringing about world peace by stealing stuff.
I would be willing to bet all my money that the money corporations spent on anti-piracy cost them way more than it profited them.
No one gives a that more money to the dev allows them to pay more do more and in theory make better games.
Would I be more legible if I was trimming my down.
But if I wanted to trim my down I'd go write a work email not a 3k word essay on why Diablo 4 is kinda ty but getting better slowly.
I don't know how someone can look at what's going on over there and not think Israel does intentionally evil .
ok pm me your girls.
Girls ain't PMing you enough are they.
this is taking too long can't the world end already.
The truth does that to people when they spend alot of time with their head up their own as in your case.
I get that Islamophobia is cool or whatever but don’t pretend to be an expert on you very clearly do not understand.
Don't bother messaging me back I have no desire to engage in tossing with an internet monkey.
But then again it feels like Reddit mainstream's opinion is if innocent people needs to die for the sake of whatever faraway conflict well tough so why am I surprised.
well tough .
Jesus would tell him about camels and needles and Trump would think Jesus is telling him he's a humpback with a pin .
How do you all think they'll spin this in church tomorrow morning.
it ok I guess.
this article was brutal.
But we’re sitting here shooting and talking semantics about it.
Im sorry WHAT THE .
It all comes across sounding like conspiracy theory ……except in this instance it actually happened.
What has he ever said that made u think he's brilliant.
But we’re sitting here shooting and talking semantics about it.
its opinions like 70% of the time they just blame dems for random .
they do the same in russia all the influencers starting promoting the war at once.
Even though I KNOW is actively crumbling to the ground I still have a life for now.
I'm not pretending it's normal just living under the threat of potential fascism doesn't matter all when I've got a mortgage to pay.
The there is.
this minority of MAGAtts.
Many people realize that we are heading towards a breakwater that could hold the flood or break the .
Why does she say that none of our democratic representatives say.
No .
Lock this treasonous up already.
I can't even articulate how much I hate this scum anymore.
Just this guy.
